how to breakup....?
how to break up...
Is it ok for my boyfriend to have a female best friend?
My (25F) boyfriend (29M) was looking at girls pics during sexual act
Please help, at I making this bigger than it really is?
I feel like I’m ruining my relationship because of a borderline personality disorder
She Changed Her Hair... and I don’t like it.
Please help, am I making this bigger than it really is?
Boyfriend was looking at other girls pics during sexual act
She Changed Her Hair
My [26] boyfriend [28] lives an unhealthy lifestyle and it’s making me anxious about our future
So, I [20f] fell for my best friend [20m] during quarantine, and now I don't know how to get over him.
Not sure if this is normal
My [19M] Sister [12F] doesn't want to pursue the case of bullying at her school, is that okay?
How to sah "no" to sex with an ex if you want him back?
How to say "no" to sex with an ex if you want him back?
My [29F] boyfriend [21M] of 4 years has the most sporadic sleeping schedule
My (27M) girlfriend (24F) keeps asking me what I want from her.
His wife thinks he is cheating - Me f 36 and he is m 32
I'm not sure if this is normal.
Getting over things that never really happened.
I (20F) love my boyfriend (20M) but I don’t trust him.
Dont k ow what to do
My (17m) friend (17f) has asked me out, and I said yes, but she rejected one of my friends last year and I've never been in a relationship so I don't know what to do next.
I [28F] drunkenly text my ex [30M] that I knew he was a liar after my friend [30F] told me in confidence he cheated on me. What do I do?
Race and Relationships Megathread
I need some advice.
I’m (23F) sick of my boyfriend (27M) always being the victim
Not sure if this is normal.
Guy following boyfriend at work
I (19M) need advice on how to say "no" to my Aunt (50-ish)
I know I was emotionally manipulative in my previous relationship
I know I’m emotionally manipulative in Relationship
[29M]How to Stop Feeling Jealous/Insecure?
I don’t know if I have severe jealousy issues of if my bf sucks
Young Love [Long Read]
Anyone here have issues with an extremely tired/unmotivated SO? Please read and share some advice or similar experiences and how you handled it.
Young Love [LONG READ]
According to Reddit, my relationship is doomed.
Anyone here have issues with an extremely tired/unmotivated SO? Please read and share some advice or similar experiences and how you handled it.
Young Love [LONG READ]
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone into the house.
How do I fix myself?
How do I fix myself?
Evil?
According to Reddit, my relationship is doomed.
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone in to the house.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
WOMAN evul?!?!??
My(20F) boyfriend (20M) turns to an asshole whenever I play video games with him
I 33F have mixed feelings about my adoptive parents (60s M/F) cat dying
My(19F) boyfriend (20M) turns to an asshole whenever I play video games with him
I (33F) have mixed feelings about my adoptive parents (60s M/F) and don’t know if I’m an ass or not
Love language issue?
How can I [20M] tell my ex girlfriend I cheated on her? Should I?
Are we just very different people?
My GF [26F] lied and cheated on me for months and ended up being taken advantage of by the person..what should i do?
How can I tell my ex that I cheated on her
I [21F] am not sure whether to stop contacting a person [21M] that I never even dated
Should I 21F make a move on my best friend 21M? (Both Virgins/Have never Dated)
My GF [25F] cheated on me for months and ended up being sexually assaulted by the person..what should i do?
My boyfriend left me because of my culture.
My boyfriend left me because of my culture.
4 months on, discovered ex has been hacking into my social media accounts to check up on me.
I [college aged F] am not sure if I should go no contact with someone [same but M] I never even dated, or how to go about it. [A few years] O wise stable relationship people, impart unto me your wisdom.
My (F/21) Bf (M/22) says I’m too cocky and optimistic about my future.
15 years old. Feel like missing out on something.
My (25/F) boyfriend's (25/M) mother (50/F) has proven to be racially insensitive and I don't know if the relationship is worth having to deal with her even just occasionally.
I’m a terrible person that had a life crisis and I want to know where to go from here.
Did I do something wrong?
So I need some advice
what do you guys think about a break?
My (22F) friend (26F) was rude to a waiter today and I’m disappointed
Today I (22 F) realized my friend (26 F) is rude to waiters and it makes me disappointed in her
3 years, barely rekindled after being apart 9 months
I (f18) don’t understand kissing with tongue with my boy person (m21)
I don’t understand kissing with tongue
One of the hardest life lessons I've encountered to date.
I give the fuck up
Am I seriously overthinking this??? Or do I have a reason to feel undesirable? NSFW
Am I seriously putting too much thought into this??? I don't feel desired. NSFW
My bisexual girlfriend wants to go skinny dipping with her friends. Conflicted.
something fell out of fiances private parts
One of the most toughest life lessons I've learned while on this earth.
What do I do about odd behavior of spouse?
Is it possible to be thin in a relationship with a feeder?
My BF and I communicate intimacy very differently and I need help/support.
odd behavior? Spouse 37M and me (32F)
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] is bisexual but wants to go skinny dipping with her group of friends (all girls). Conflicted.
How to deal with Bf’s Oscillating feelings.
I (F32) dont know how to navigate a friendship (F32) with someone so ignorant about systemic racism in the US
My (26f) roomate (28f) keeps telling me to break up with my gf (27f) of 10 months. What do you make of it?
I (22M) burned bridges with my (22F) ex-gf / friend of 10 years. I haven't been through anything like this before. Please help
How do I (F32) navigate a friendship (F32) and ignorance about systemic racism?
I [21M] don't think I'm sexually attracted to my [21F] girlfriend of 4 years anymore.
(NSFW) My BF and I have bad sexual communication... I need advice/support
Saw something fall out of fiance
14f here, does anyone 13-15f wanna be my online bsf or something?
Boyfriend (38M) goes sailing with his daughter (18F) and her friends (18Fs)
My boyfriend [19M] of 1 year doesn’t bring me around his family or friends. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
14f here, does anyone 13-15f wanna be my online bsf or something?
Is it normal for men to be attracted to 13-14 year olds?
My [19M] boyfriend of 1 year doesn’t bring me around is family. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
Is it normal for men to be attracted to young teens, like 13-14 year olds?
question for guys
My [19M] boyfriend of 1 year doesn’t bring me around his family. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
STEP DAD SEXUALLY HARRASES ME. PLEASE HELP.
me single (30M) my coworker is married (34F) havina confused relationship. How to avoid getting into office romances?
Is this feeling valid?
How to break up with someone you live with?
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] takes 'communication' during sex too seriously and it's a huge turnoff for me, what should I do?
After attending a wedding, thoughts on relationships and singleships...
I struggle with the fact that my partner watches porn, and I'd like some advice
My girlfriend of 3 years (25F) gets nervous talking about sex (23M)
Help I want my girlfriend to open up about sex and feel comfortable with me about it
Letting go and moving on
How to avoid getting into office romances?
Help my girlfriend of 3 years struggles talking about sex with me even though we have it.
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something else entirely
(27F) With (31M) He's suspicious of me, I'm not sure what to do?
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something else entirely
I (22F) really struggle with dealing with my SO (26M) watching porn, and would like advice.
My (23f) best friend (23F) was mad i ditched her for my BF, we haven't spoken in 6 months
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something completely different?
Boyfriend hysterically laughs, records when I have legit mental breakdowns.
The mother of my child is being suspicious
Just realized my m(30) ex f(28) is no one who I ever thought she was.
Boyfriend hysterically laughs, records when I have mental breakdown.
My [30F] boyfriend [37M] of 9 months lies to his daughter [11F] when we go out, and he wants me to lie to her too.
The mother of my child is being suspicious
My best friend [31 F] of 5 years ghosted me [24 F] out of nowhere.
Was into a girl for the first time in a long time before COVID and since then I’ve been super lonely.
I (F24) am supposed to move in with my friend (M24) soon but have started developing feelings for him.
My Baby Mom is being suspicious
Dealing w/ Struggles and I’m trying to start a relationship soon
I (F24) am supposed to move in with my friend (M24) soon but have started developing feelings for him.
i have a feeling that im meant to be with someone that i barely know??
My LDR (18) keeps insisting on hooking up with people and It destroys me psychologically (18), your suggestions?
My mother refuses to apologize and insists me and ny sister are just abusive and controlling.
In a very abusive relationship and need help ASAP
Ever since fiancé left me for no reason my life sucks
Need help for safety
Wrong expectations? (M24)
My (22F) fiancé's (26M) Ex-Friend (24M) is trying to break us up because I don't like him back
Right person, wrong time...
Right person, wrong time?
Have you ever had to help your lady insert a tampon? I did this morning and it was weird and fun also.......... vaseline. Tell me about your experiences
i broke up with my boyfriend because i didn’t feel the same way and even though i’m horribly sad about it i know i made the right decision
To date or not to date...
Why does my ex stare at me all the time
Wrong expectations? (M24)
Me (30) and I have a fantasy about messing around with a MD , a co worker at the hospital.
Keep getting ghosted
Has anyone else been in this wedding planning thoughts faze?
How do I breakup with a friend????
I know it’s a long shot... BUT I really want to screw around with a MD... ;)
Keep getting ghosted
How does one end a friendship
I (22M) don't know how to help my girlfriend (21F) cope with us being apart
Help with girls very urgent please
Keep getting ghosted
Fiancé just flipped out drunk telling me no one knows my stories because I’m not from here and I need to focus on my weight... ummmm ya great... good stuff! HA!
I 21(M) have become increasingly insecure and possessive over my gf of 6 months 21(F)
How do I [23/F] talk to my boyfriend [26/M] about feeling like his friends don’t like me?
a
How to I [23/F] talking to my bf [23/M] about feeling like his friends don’t like me?
Long Distance Lovers?
Sex after dry spell
Is he using me for attention or is it real
Help with girls please
Sex after a dry spell
Am I being used for attention or does he actually care
Do you guys care if your current partner ”likes” exes photos on social media?
Long Distance BS
Will this marriage make it through the pandemic? 50 married female
My mom told me a secret and I don’t know how to cope.
My Girlfriend has a really stressful job and I am developing control issues.
Help with girls please
My mom told me a secret and I have no one to talk to
Space during quarantine? 50 married female
What are some bad qualities that have been brought out while in a relationship?
(20F) should I feel guilty about breaking up with boyfriend (20M)
How do i use the no contact rule if we agreed to be friends?
How to deal with first date jitters
My GF (20F) Has hit me (20M)
Feeling bad about breaking up with bf
My (22M) and my girl’s (23F) anniversary is coming up but we’re under quarantine so restaurants and most of our plans were affected. Any ideas on how to celebrate during the pandemic?
My (34F) husband (35M) of 10 years announced he is leaving our family (8F, 6M) tomorrow
Not wanting to be friendly with cheating ex and girlfriend
Men's mental health
Should I be friends with cheating ex and girlfriend?
Why am I so easily attracted to every girl I meet, but when I get in a relationship I don’t like it as much as I thought I would?
Found my boyfriend texting another girl asking for less tame photos
Mens mental health
How much is too much to disagree about...
My (17 F) boyfriend (19 M) told me that I trigger his anxiety and I do not know what to do now. Please help!
Am I too needy?
How do I [17f] talk with my boyfriend [22m] about wanting to meet his friends?
My ex messaged me after 4 years, I’ve been getting mixed signals
Am I being too needy?
My (17 F) boyfriend (19 M) told me that I trigger his anxiety and I do not know what to do now. Please help!
My ex messaged me after 4 years, I’ve been getting mixed signals
My (M30) wife (F24) keeps doing things behind my back and is making our money problems worse
Let Go Of Being Controlling
What can I do
My (21f) girlfriend (23f) cries during sex
How often to text new person
Let Go Of Being Controlling
My old friend is my ex, roommate, and FWB all in one?
please read and help if you can
What was your experience like picking a friendship over pursuing someone romantically?
My wife had a miscarriage this morning. We spent the day grieving together but I have no idea what to do this weekend. Any suggestions how we can spend the next two days not lying in bed crying?
(22, F) Guy I’m interested has a history of cheating.
I was wondering if I could get help with something
I [19M] want to overcome motion sickness from playing certain games to bond better with my GF [20]...
How do I [17f] talk with my boyfriend [22m] about wanting to meet his friends?
Mother of my children is flat out ignoring/lying to me
I was wonder if I could get some help
gofundme.com/211pi4s2ao
Relationship of 2.5 years just ended and I (23F) am lost.
I [M17] am worried about disappointing my parents [41F, 42M].
How Can I (18F) Reach Out?
Should i talk to him?
Relationship of 2.5 just ended and I (23F) am lost.
I'm (24M) going to see an ex (23F) tomorrow and I'm nervous.
What was your experience like picking a friendship over pursuing someone romantically?
Balancing independence and being in a relationship (21yo)
My [27M] ex-girlfriend [27F] of 3 years keeps trying to contact me - she is married and it has been 6 years since the relationship ended.
I am going through a phase of resenting my spouse. Seeking advice.
Me [M 23] Founded out girl I have been talking to for months is still using dating apps
I keep getting into relationships with people I dont care about for the attention but I have trouble breaking up.
What defines being a "touchy person" versus downright cheating in a relationship?
When in long marriages, is it normal to ebb and flow in the love department?
Does this message (If sent to you by someone), make you feel better about yourself?
How to break up with your boyfriend that is also your best friend
My S.O. (M/37) plays D&D every Friday night vs. Hanging out with his hot wife (F/32). WITHOUT FAIL
I’m 14 and my dad is leaving
Is it okay for your partner to have sex with you whilst you are sleeping?
I don’t know if I should feel like scum for doing this
She was my first "true" g/f...but it ended and I don't know how
We aren’t together currently but want to retry, but I don’t know what to do while I wait for him?
My SO (M/37) play D&D every Friday night instead of hang out with hot wife (F/32). Wtf!
I (32M) hit my ex-girlfriend (32F) and she got me arrested. The police do not believe me when I say she was asking to be hit, and I am looking at extensive charges. What can I do to get her to tell the truth?
My(22m) friend(20f) said she needed space because of how I've been treating her.
How do i communicate more effectively?
I (21 female)need help buying an anniversary gift for my boyfriend(25 male) of 2 years
Person I have been talking to for past three months sitll on dating apps?
Unable to communicate small issues
We aren’t together currently but want to retry, but I don’t know what to do while I wait for him?
My breakup was painful. She was my first "True" g/f and I still don't know why things ended.
Camping with work friend for cuddles
Is it okay for your partner to have sex with you whilst you sleep?
My friend(30F) is upset with me, should I(30F) apologize?
My(13M) fear of men is affecting my schooling.
We see his ex a couple of times
My best friend fucked my old boyfriend while I was dating him
My SO (M/37) loves D&D more than pussy (F/32)
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like
My (25f) now ex bf (25m) got caught flirting on snapchat with my son's 13 year old cousin.
I'm not sure what to do. My (22M) girlfriend (F20) of three years left abruptly. I don't want to lose her
My (25f) now ex bf(25m) got caught snapchatting my son's 13 yrd old cousin.
Missing an old friend - Don't know if I should reach out
my boyfriend broke up with me unexpectedly and the situation is odd and i don’t know what to do because i still love him and i don’t want to give up on it.
How do I (21M) sleep with an old friend (20F)?
Boyfriend is very politically influenced
How to sleep with an old friend
Finding it extremely difficult to communicate with my mom
What defines being a "touchy person" versus downright cheating in a relationship?
Guys and twitter
Boyfriend [20M] wants expensive gift, I [20F] don't want to spend that much
Male Friend Made Creepy Move
What a situation
My ex still blames for everything & I cant seem to get over it.
My [29F] boyfriend [22M] of 4 years has the most sporadic sleeping schedule ever.
My (22F) BF (22M) is best friends with an abuser.
Why does my SO love D&D more than pussy?
Male Friend Creeped Me Out
4 yrs and despondent
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like
WFH is destroying everything we (30m/30f) have
Use Siri
¿Como le fue a la chica mas linda en su colegio?
Male Friend Creeped Me Out
I (26F) don't know how to move forward with my boyfriend (31M)
Guys on reddit! What are those things girls do that you love?
4 years and despondent
I (26F) don't know how to move forward with my boyfriend (31M)
Cheating ???
Cheating ??
Should I let my GF know that I feel uncomfortable/don't like her friends?
Should I let my GF know that I feel uncomfortable/don't like her friends?
I [19F] had an inappropriate relationship with my step-brother [18M] then I started seeing another guy. I think my step-brother is upset
Mildly disabled husband (45M) recently said he would like to quit working so he could stay out home. He would like me (31F) to be the sole provider, even though I have a disability of my own and already work 40-50 hours per week.
Tomorrow, I (M34) will break up with my girlfriend (f27) of a year and I'm really happy about it
I was so excited, now I’m worried
I'm not sure if I should or how to confront my bf about my boundaries and something that's been bothering me.
My wife has become skinny fat and I find it difficult to find her sexually attractive
I think my dad is mentaly abusing me, but Im not sure...
My [22F] social anxiety is ruining relationships
I (21F) think my independence ruined my relationship (21M)
Hook up (m35) squeezes my (f23) breasts until they bruise and I am skeptical
(25f) how to walk away from a hookup with (25m) when you have feelings
I'm not sure if I should or how to confront my bf about my boundaries and something that's been bothering me.
The internet has turned my (F24) mother (F62) into a delusional nutcase. Is there anything I can do to save her?
Should I have broken up with my boyfriend because he didn’t want me around?
My black coworker (23m) is against BLM and I'd (32f) like some advise
My (23f) boyfriend (28m) convinced me to move to a "nicer" neighborhood, but I hate it. I also feel like he looks down on my old neighborhood.
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like.
Come subscribe to my onlyfans! We can chat, sends pics and a lot more😘😘 only $12!!
My (33F) partner (36M) uses my face products (together 1yr)
my (f18) relationship is making my anxiety worse, and it’s probably time to end it, even though that’s not what i want.
Neeed to vent ☹️
Guys - how many of you would consider "missionary only", no oral/anal, jusr PIV, a deal breaker?
I think our wedding might be cancelled, if we don’t break up that is
What is it called when you're constantly thinking of experiencing things through your boyfriends viewpoint/mind? Is that a mental thing/codependency situation? (both 21)
I (21F) need help supporting my partner (22M) during his depressive episode.
I (F/21) told my boyfriend (M/22) I would leave him if he started working for his family again.
A woman [20] I [40] had sex with is back with a vengeance and I need advice on how to handle it
Me (19M) Having Severe Anxiety With Ex-Partner (20M)
My friend [F25] told me she can't recognize me from the person I [F23] used to be. I feel completely lost
I (17M) need advice on how to get my ex (17F) back.
I (17M) need advice on how to get my ex (17F) back.
Recent fights with my boyfriend have me confused about his feelings toward me.
*UPDATE* I am in disbelief and can't even to begin to process my BF's request and I don't know where to go from here.
Am I incapable?
I (21F) need help supporting my partner (22M) through his depressive episode.
*UPDATE* I am in disbelief and can't even to begin to process my BF's request and I don't know where to go from here.
Weird feelings after bumping into my (F 27) ex (M 32)
I (31f) Need Advice About Boyfriend (32m) and Open Relationship -
How to message someone online?
Is this normal behaviour from my (28, F) male work colleague (52, M)?
College relationship being affected by quarantine
How to message someone online?
I (20F) am struggling with reaching out to an ex (22M) before it’s too late
What would you do if u feel like y love is not the same? W. been tgth for 10 years. We met when we were 18 and been tgth thins there. We are not married, don’t have kids. I’ don’t think marriage solve the problem. I was tinkling to move away from him/her to think idk.What would you do? Pls help
How to message somebody online?
I (20F) am struggling with reconnecting with an ex (22M) before it’s too late
I (21F) need help with supporting my partner (22M) during his depressive episode
What do I (33F) do about my suddenly unstable sister in law (36F)?
My dad (49M) thinks that we should still wipe boxes down, take showers right after coming home from anywhere, and wash plastic bags with food in them even if there's a vaccine developed for COVID-19 and it's infected rates go down. I (14M) disagree that we should continue this lifestyle forever.
How to smessage someone online?
Opening a credit card, mom against it
Boyfriends [30m] response to ‘I feel like you’re not attracted to me’
What do I (33F) do about my suddenly unstable sister in law (36F)?
Recently finally ended a long saga with my crush (in a good way)
Opening a credit card, mom against it
Advice for removing a roommate nicely.
Boyfriends [30m] response too: ‘I feel like you’re not attracted to me’
College relationship hurting and don't know if it's solely because of quarantine
Fuck you
My (24/F) boyfriend (25/M) is black and hates the BLM movement and gets angry whenever I mention it
Girlfriend cries when I sleep
Nicknames you didn’t know about your partner gave you
NICKNAMES YOU DIDNT KNOW YOU HAD
Removing roommate from lease.
What's the worst way you broke up with someone?
My girlfriend cries when I sleep
Looking for resources on how I (white F30s) can support my aunt (black F50s)
My friend keeps posting other people’s pictures without face showing pretending they are of her...
A cat-astrophe with my housemate
My (24/F) boyfriend (25/M) is black and hates the BLM movement and gets angry whenever I mention it
Scared for the boy I like
Hated by in-laws for doing favour for brother-in-law
My ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend: am I being weird about it?
Housemate cat-astrophe
Me [29 M] with a girl [24 F] I've been facetime dating for 1 month, COVID Dating issue: we are finally going to be able to meet in person... But she told me something today that makes me rethink it all.
Me(22f) and bf(22m) always argue about a close friend (guy) of mine
Scared for my boyfriend
Are other women’s panties a dealbreaker??
Just one simple question that I need answered
Is this a deal breaker? Panties in a box
My [26M] wife [26F] and I fight over household chores al the time. How do we stop?
Gf versus family
Crazy existence
What would you do?
Is it ok to leave a LT relationships during a flirt that my partner accepted but refused later?
My [26M] wife [26F] constantly fight over household chores. How do we stop?
My (35m) girlfriend (35f) broke up with me because she thinks I am interested in a 60 year old woman.
Me(21F) and my boyfriend (22M) always argue about a close friend of mine
My F(17) mother F(49) constantly drinks and becomes verbally abusive, I’ve cried myself to sleep twice.
I (24F) don't know if I had made the right choice about (31M) , together 2 months.
I (26f) need help uplifting my boyfriend (27m)
I like someone a lot but can’t be in a relationship right now. What do I say to them?
I like someone a lot, but I can’t be someone’s partner right now
I like this person a lot, but I’m not ready for a relationship
My (21F) boyfriend (25M) doesn't make me a priority. What do I do about it?
My F(17) mother (49) constantly drinks and causes verbally abusive arguments, which she denies the next day, I’ve cried myself to sleep twice.
Is it ok to breakup my relationship while I already started flirting with someone else after letting my partner know?
Wrong expectations?
Should I (26 F) be worried that my bf (27 M) has been recently searched multiple times for a former Co-worker, who had a huge crush on him, on FB?
Monster Girlfriend
Please help me.
I need help.
Worrying about what my ex's family thinks of me
How can i get my bestfriend back
Worrying constantly about what my ex's family thinks of me
I (24F) am exclusive with a guy (31M) and things have been very dramatic.
Annoying Roommate Causing potential relationship problems
I (17M French) don't want to leave my boyfriend (21M British)
Annoying Roommate Causing potential relationship issues
My (22m) gf (22f) of 2 years recently started getting mad at me over minor things
My (34M) girlfriend (28F) is getting in the way of our relationship and she won't do anything about it
My (19F) sister (31F) told me I either break up with my boyfriend (29M) or I can forget about her
Donating sperm to your ex baby mamma.??
What would you do?
WHAT
What would you do?
What would you do?
I (24 f) virtually "met" a guy (25 m) and then things got weird. Is it stupid to wait for him?
I (f23) stopped speaking to my mother(f51), is it a good idea?
I (24f) virtually "met" someone (25m) and then things got complicated...should I wait for him?
What would you do?
Are there any 23+ people that have never been in a relationship but you’ve had situationships and partners?
I (25 F) am thinking of moving back in with my parents rather than continuing to live with my boyfriend (26 M). Should I?
Girlfriend Bikini
I (17M French) can't bring myself to leave my boyfriend (21M British)
My (27F) daughter (10F) is extremely upset about her brother (0M) circumcision and she is angry at me because of it - help?
Will I be okay?
Should I feel guilty for cancelling plans?
I (22M) really hate my girlfriend’s (22F) parents
My SO is silent about anti racism and I’m trying not to be offended
My (19M) Target disaster with gf (19F)
I tried to be friends with my ex but he basically catfished me, what should I do?
I feel like my neighbor [F/37] is taking advantage of me [M/40] and my neighborly spirit. The latest episode of her using my apartment without permission has my head spinning.
I (25 F) am thinking of moving back in with my parents rather than continuing to live with my boyfriend (26 M).
how to go back to being friends after falling for your bestfriend ?
My ex reached out, why did he do this and how to respond and if so what with?
My (19M) Target disaster with gf (19F)
Should I [21f] end things with my [24m] boyfriend because of Quarantine?
I (f/19) recently lost (once again) all my feelings for a really nice guy (m/20) that liked me back, for no apparent reason. Can someone explain why this thing has happened more than once and why I can't find a way to finally like someone without living in fear of losing feelings once again?
I (M20) want to break up with my girlfriend (F19) but she doesn't. Won't stop crying and threatens to self harm. Advice needed.
I (M20) and my girlfriend (F20) recently broke up after a heated argument. But she doesn't really accept the break up and talks about it everyday on the phone and keeps crying. Today she threw hints as to how she would do something to herself but wouldn't blame me. I need advice.
When to break up
Should I [21f] end things with my [24m] boyfriend over Quarantine?
I think relationship are not my thing
I [23F] am uncomfortable with my BF’s [24M] modding habits. Should I address this with him?
I (16M) feel like my girlfriend (16F) doesn’t wanna be in the relationship
how to go back to being friends with your bestfriend after falling for her ?
I (36 F) can't get over him (42 M)
Single people of reddit, even though you always complain and want/ask for a relationship, have you ever tried being in a relationship with someone(or be interested in them), but out of nowhere, you lose every single trace of feelings that you had a few days ago?
I (25F) am an abuser in relationship stuck in mental hospital after maniac episode
When to break up
Can you help by being a part of a great birthday surprise?
I [20M] have no idea where I am at with my crush [25F] and how to proceed
What do you do when you move on from an ex, and then start catching feelings for them again?
I [F19] don’t know whether to break up with him [M24] or stay and keep working on it
How to Address A Neighbor Who Takes Advantage of Me
22gf misses her ex please help
My boyfriend has really bad nose bleeds. He refused to get it looked at. I (26F) am at a loss.
What is it supposed to be like long-term?
Why do some people get even angrier when I stay calm/look emotionless when they yell?
how to fo back to being friends after falling in love with your bestfriend ?
Is being engaged before moving in together asking too much?!?
I think my gf has been drugging me help
My (23/F) father (47/M) thinks I may not be his child
Should I end it
how to go back to being friends after falling in love ?
Am I (20F) being abusive and controlling to my boyfriend (23m)?
How to text her more often, out of the blue? And does she like me?
No-Label Dilemma
My brother [M21] won't do his chores unless I[F22] ask him to do them first
I've (31F) started to resent my boyfriend (32M) since our move.
I (M,21) have massive trust issues and its ruining my relationship with my gf(f,22)
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) told me that I should be more passionate with him one day after a big fight.
No-Label Relationship Dilemma
Movies w Healthy Relationships
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) told me I should me more affective with me, one day after a big fight we had.
Movies with Healthy Relationships
Looking to apologize to someone. I have no way to contact this person. I only have their name.
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) wants me to be affective after a huge fight, and I don't know what to do.
Trust issues are ruining my relationship (m,21) (f,22)
How do you know when to walk away?
How to text her more often, out of the blue?
My [M18] best friend [F18] and crush confessed her feelings for me, but it’s not gone well since.
How should I (F23) support my boyfriend (M24) after his father's (M59) death?
Need advice on trying to come out and live with gf
I'm (M27) in an 7 year relationship (F25) but still think about a girl I used to work with (F25)
Toxic friend
how to go back to being friends again after being in love with your bestfriend ?
Advice on how to live with girlfriend with non supportive family
I'm (M27) in an 7 year relationship (F25) but still think about a girl I used to work with (F25)
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
Did she read the message or not?
Toxic friend
Was message to wife of cheating husband read?
Me(20f) being really insecure about myself and having an sociall anxiety is making my bf(25m) tired (maybe?)
How do I (20m) tell a girl(24f) I just started hanging out with she is a rebound for me
should i (22F) cut off my friend (21F)
I’m stuck
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
How should I (F20) support my boyfriend (M20) with OCD?
overprotective: good or bad?
21F need relationship advice
I (24F) need a break from the depressing stories - please share your positive relationship experiences! :)
My Mother Thinks My Boyfriend Sent Me Fashion Magazines As A Way To Get Me To Dress Better
Do girls actually like nice guys!? Also why do they always take it slow with them?
Girlfriends sex drive
wlw, polyamoury break up
HELP: I'm (F24) in love with my best friend (M24) and can't tell if he feels the same??
Broke up with my bf (21 m) of a few months and asked after when we can start talking again. (25 f)
Started back communicating
Did I [32M] make things awkward with this woman [35F]? Or am I fine?
Broke up with my boyfriend (21 m) of a few months (25 f)
Need a break from the depressing stories - please share your positive relationship experiences! :)
She texts me but won’t meet up in person :/
Red Flags: Toxic people tactics for emotional abuse
She texts me but won’t meet up in person?
I (16M) am looking to ask out my crush (16F) but I’m really struggling with how I should do it.
I'd like advice from anyone with OCD/dating someone with OCD?
Red Flags: Toxic people tactics for emotional abuse
Texting me but won’t meet in person?
Secretive boyfriend..
I(20f) feel like my boyfriend (22m) doesn't like playing games with me
HELP: I'm (24F) in love with my best friend (24M) and I can't tell if he feels the same??
Looking for advice on how to not have such negative feelings about my wife’s past
Girlfriend said I “emotionally neglected” her because I did not call her before her doctors appointment today. Please help.
How to get my ex/bestfriend back?
I (20f) feel like my long distance boyfriend (22m) doesn't like playing games with me
my [20m] girlfriend [18f] posted nudes on reddit despite promising me not to
Me [29M] with my girlfriend [30F] of 8 years, is not the same person I met.
My (23f) boyfriend (26m) is convinced his friend in prison for something terrible is innocent-to me it feels unlikely
I (16M) am looking to ask out my crush (16F) but I’m really struggling with how I should do it.
My boyfriend and I have been having troubles ever since quarantine started.. need advice (21F)
My [17 F] twin brother(m also 17) is having lies told about him and his reputation ruined because of his body type preferences. I want to help but i dont know what to do.
My boyfriend will not let me go
I (32F) am a fairly politically outspoken person and my husband (33M) asked me not to comment or post in our local Facebook group because his co-workers might see it.
I (22F) want to leave my boyfriend (22M) as I suspect he cheated on me with the same girl who started “rumors” of him cheating on me with her - if that isn’t obvious
I (22F) want to leave my boyfriend (22M) of 5 years but don’t know how
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
Aspy sister [11 F] suffered something traumatic and hasn't communicated verbally in over a week. Is there anything I [24f] can do for her?
My family is racist and I don't know how to handle it. Please Help.
S/O cheated on me
First Time Couples Therapy-Virtual [27F/29M]
How to move on 24F
S/O cheated on me
Fiancé is more attracted to other people than me
First time couple’s therapy [27F/29M] Virtual Session?
My [17 F] twin brother(m also 17) is having lies told about him and his reputation ruined because of his body type preferences. I want to help but i dont know what to do.
The relationship between my (20F) sister (29F) is completely ruined
how to move on?
How to move on from a toxic friend?
My long-distance bf [M24] can't listen to me [F27] without an opinion. Is this the end of the relationship?
My fiance [M/31] gets stressed so easily and it puts him in a bad mood to the point where I'm [F/29] always dealing with it and being treated like it's my fault?
Why did you cheat?
Me (28f) am at a loss with husband (37m)
I’m stuck
Tips on how to handle my conservative Arab mom after telling her my bf is moving in?
[30F] Found out I got Herpes, which I have a phobia to. Fiance [30M] not emotionally supportive. LDR
I’m stuck
Father's jealousy
Should I (30m) forgive the drivers who hit my mother (58m) ?
Told my Christian Arab mom that My boyfriend is moving in august
I plan to breakup with my boyfriend today, but maybe just for a week.
I (35/f) am seeing a repeated dating trend right now and I don't know how to approach it
My (19F) little sister (16F) spends a lot of time alone with an older male friend (23M). Should I be worried?
Something as simple as coloured contacts could change a guy?
[26F] Found out I have Herpes
Should I (30M) forgive them?
Teeanage attractions
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
My (f30's) coworker (m40's) refuses to talk about our mutual crush
Feel insecure about girlfriend checking out a popular cosplayer for a gaming character she likes. What can I do to deal with it? (23M) (22F)
My (30f) mother (55f) is insisting on coming to my doctor appts with me.
My boyfriend of almost 3 years acts single on social media
My (30F) mother (55f) is insisting on coming to my doctor appts with me
Coping
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
I am very saddddddd
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else...
Our move to the US is going brilliantly for him and awfully for me. We’re discussing coming home but how can we make this decision when we are having such polar opposite experiences with no obvious compromise?
Apologizing to my Ex-Best Friend
Apologizing to my Ex-Best Friend
How to feel more comfortable with my partner keeping a gun in the house?
what do i get for my one year anniversary
I (24F) met someone (24M) online, then in person, and don’t know how to move forward
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] doesn't make eye contact and it bothers me
I feeel verryyy sadddd
My first Gf
My first Gf
I feeel damn saddddd
Is a relationship a competition?
My first Gf
My (24M) girlfriend (22F) talks way too much, how do I get her too shut up sometimes?
Asking for advice
Know Your Worth
Know Your Worth
my (21 f) boyfriends (27 m) new roommates are really loud when having sex and im not sure how to deal with it.
How can I feel more comfortable with my partner owning a gun?
Asking for advice
Need advice what should I do.
!!Need help!! Damage payment problem
Boyfriend (24M) ghosted me out of 2 year relationship (23F)
Know your worth
Know your worth
Processing a toxic relationship years later
Boyfriend (24M) ghosted me out of 2 year relationship (23F)
Just an advice: Know your worth
Processing a toxic relationship years later
Is it possible to like someone with little communication?
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) is very logical to the point where I am left unsure
I [25M] feel guilty for not wanting to date [24F] SO
Why should we keep it as secret or private?
I keep questioning the relationship every couple weeks.
I [27 M] know my friend [26 M] cheated on his gf [25 F], he only told a select few people, he later broke it off "due to quarantine and distance".
How Do You Handle Controlling People?
Cheating Brother-in-Law
sign to get better with conversations or are we just drifting apart?
My (M, 20) best friend (M, 21) stabbed me in the back years ago and I still can't get over it.
My partner wants to move to be near me, but I’m feeling pressure!
I have social anxiety and my bf wants me to meet with his friends, i am so nervous and afraid to loose him bc of my anxiety
I want to post asking advice about a potentially emotionally abusive girlfriend (23), but I’m scared.
How do I (20M) tell a girl (24f) that I just started hanging with she is a rebound
I [25M] feel guilty about not wanting to date [24F] SO
How to builder deeper and stronger friendships?
Roommate ignoring other roommate
Boyfriend starts and stops sex whenever HE feels like?
I [25M] think I am asking a girl [24F] to be my gf out of guilt
Ok, my dad (M50) finally did it. It's so uncomfortable.
How do I (20M) tell a girl (24f) that I just started hanging out with she is a rebound
How Do You Handle Controlling People?
Is being in the same "IQ range" a must or I just don't love her?
WAS I (21 F) sexually manipulated by my friend (22 M)
I (28M) am confused about my relationship/situationship with someone (26F), and I’m looking for advice on how to proceed.
How do I(20M) tell a girl(24f) I just started hanging out with, that she is a rebound
I recently asked a girl out and she asked me to give her a few weeks to decide. I don't whether know Should I be worried or not?
Love Fest
I’m hanging out with my crush tomorrow but I don’t really know what we would do due to the lockdown. Anyone have any ideas?
My recent ex has been going to my gym
I (25F) am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (23F). Lack of romance, mental illnesses, and unsupportive families are causing me to worry about our relationship.
My boyfriend (26F) has been caught on Tinder
Quarantine sealed the vault to my engagement forever
My (28F) boyfriend (26M) shuts me down when I show passion or emotion
I (25F) am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (23F). Lack of romance, mental illnesses, and unsupportive families are causing me to worry about our relationship.
After a break-up, should he still be going to my gym?
Leaving a toxic relationship
Boyfriend starts and stops sex whenever HE feels like?
My Best Friend Wants But Cannot Feel Romantic Love?
Can I get an f in the chat
So I have this story where to help my wife get even for me accidentally kissing my whore college friend on new years eve, I allowed her to kiss one of her coworkers just once while I was there to monitor it. Yea. It turned out into a disaster, proving again "Nice guys" are manipulative snakes
HELP
My (m24) Best Friend (m25) Wants But Can’t Feel Love?
HELP
How does the new coronavirus spread? As of now, researchers know that the new coronavirus is spread through droplets released into the air when an infected person coughs or sneezes. The droplets generally do not travel more than a few feet, and they fall to the ground (or onto surfaces) in a few
I need advice.
I (30f) don't know if I should end a longstanding FWB (25M)
My partner wants to move for me, but I’m feeling pressure!
Do i deserve to have a brake every once in a while?
My (19 F) Boyfriend (19M) can’t understand that we are not the same
I need advice.
Do I deserve to sleep in and relax?
Is it too soon to be thinking of marriage?
I [25m] am thinking of breaking quarantine in nyc to hook up with a girl I met on tinder. One of my roommates is immunocompromised. Not sure what to do.
I (28F) broke up with my BF (31M) and regret it everyday.
I [25] am thinking of breaking quarantine to hook up with a girl I met on tinder. One of my roommates is immunocompromised. Not sure what to do.
How soon is *too* soon to consider marrying?
Tl;DR : Am I [19M] okay to approach situations with [18+F] by teasing?
I [19M] want to know if I am being rational of how I want to approach [18+F]
Two types of people
How can I (19f) get my sister (7f) to be nice to my mother (50f) and stop being defiant?
I (25F) caught my boyfriend (26M) on Tinder.
Partner can't handle me anymore, wants to take break, talks to other people more than talks to me
Am I overthinking?
I’m upset that my boyfriend told me one of his friends called me “big” and he that he also didn’t defend me.
My bf [26/M] of 9 years can’t face the things he’s done and it’s frustrating me so much when I [26/F] try to have a conversation about it
My (30sM) mother (60sF) was scammed. She lied to my father (60sM) about it for months before he found out. Now their relationship is in tatters, how can I help them repair it?
Girlfriend re-framed my sentence in a negative way and not accepting the truth.
Am I overthinking this?
SO slept with best friend and I want to know how to salvage the friendship?
Boyfriend (M26) is becoming unbearable
Roommate’s overnight visits during pandemic
My girlfriend [22f] kept calling me [21m] by the first name in bed last night. What was that about?
My girlfriend [21F] kept calling me [21m] by my first name in bed last night. What was that about?
Is it ever morally okay to communicate your weight preferences to your partner?
Roommate no longer social distancing after meeting someone new, I’m not comfortable with it
I want to make my boyfriend's mother feel bad?
ways to get out of your breakup distress
My gf used my finger whilst asleep to look through my phone
My girlfriend is blaming me for all of our past problems and gets triggered over it every other day
I want to make my (22f) boyfriend's (24m) mom (~60f) feel bad?
My boyfriends mental health is just getting worse and worse and idk how to help him
How to breakup with someone cleanly (F20, M25)
I (18f) cut off a bad friend (18f) but now it's her time of need and I don't know if I should help her
I (28m) am not sure on how to move forward with my relationship with my gf (29f) when it seems the past just keeps on messing with us.
Am I (20F) being controlling and needy to my boyfriend (23M)
My (30) boyfriend (32) seems to be in frequent contact with his ex’s family but denies it
Boyfriend (23M) of almost a year is upset with me (23F) because of my reaction to BLM and the protests.
How can I [25 M] fairly discuss my apprehension to my girlfriend [24 F] of four years about her plans for a tattoo
I feel bad impending breakup
My boyfriend (23M) keeps getting upset with me (23F) about my reactions to BLM movement and the protests.
My [27F] partner [30M] of 5 years refuses to move in unless my business succeeds
Can therapy solve my problems ?
boyfriend slept with someone before we were exclusive and gave me an std
Was My Boss in Love with Me?
Should I reach out to my father or wait for him to apologise?
GF did nude photoshoots
Does it mean anything that my (25F) husband (26M) has started exercising?
GF did a nude photoshoot
How do I (25F) go about telling my boyfriend (27M) of 2 years that I quit my job?
Did I Miss the Signs?
Advice needed: should I reach out to my father or leave it?
Did I Miss the Signs?
I(19F) am having a hard time beliving my 8 months LDR boyfriend(26M)
What is the biggest problem that you were able to overcome in a relationship?
A message to myself (23f) post breakup: day 7
I (f19) feel like i might damage my brother(2) with how i’m helping raise him
He (M,32) calls my (F, 30) opinions/feelings dumb,stupid. Is this okay during an argument?
I [23F] love my girlfriend and I don’t think she [21F] loves me as much
I don’t have any confidence and I am depressed
My ex wants to keep in contact. Should I do it?
While broken up my ex slept with my arch enemy
He (M,32) calls my (F, 30) opinions/feelings dumb,stupid. Is this okay during an argument?
While broken up, my ex slept with my arch enemy
I [25M] was dumped by my cheating ex [22F]
While broken up, my ex slept with my arch enemy
My boyfriend (23/M) is moving to another state on Monday and I (21/F) am trying to prepare for long distance
I (23m) hate my girlfriend’s (25f) friends
I (23M) have completely fallen for a girl (23F) who sends me mixed signals, has a boyfriend, and makes me go completely brain dead. Now I live with her and desperately want help figuring out what she wants and what I should do.
How long do I [f/26] wait for things to get better with partner [m/29]? (not abusive)
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues and is abusive (pt 2). I can't help but feel I should have stuck by and helped her more with her problems.
I’m in a relationship with a man 28 years older than me
I 23m) hate my girlfriends (25f) friends
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues and is abusive (pt 2). I can't help but feel I should have stuck by and helped her more with her problems.
I (23M) have completely fallen for a girl (23F) that is in a relationship, she knows how I feel and still asked me to move in with her.
My [46F] daughter’s [15F] 16th birthday is coming up in a month and I would like to torture her a bit
My (24F) BF (23M) searched for escorts in our city.
I (26F) need advice on talking to my sister (21F) about her weight
My (24F) BF (23M) searched for escorts in our city
My friend wants us to hide our friendship due to his GF's jealousy
Need a reality check, my [31F] SO’s [27M] best friend [20’sF] never makes an effort to know me
I am nobody’s bestfriend
Reasons why I (25f) want to break up with my boyfriend (23m)please give me advice
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] deleted me off of an app, but I feel like he’s not honest.
My (24f) husband’s (27m) brother (24m) won’t admit he’s often the problem
I (28M) Have recently felt like spicing up my intimacy with my wife (29F) but don't know what to try
I (22 F) am not sure if I want to see my boyfriend (24 M) post quarantine
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] claims his broken screen deleted me off of a social media app but i think it’s for another reason.
Pissed off.
I (27F) can’t cook for my SO (30M)
Close friend gets into a car accident with me. Puts a strain on our friendship.
15m having issues with friendship regarding my 15f friend
Any advice on this? Car accident.
Any advice on this relationship? Car accident.
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] swore at me after making a light-hearted joke; was I just being insensitive or are there deeper problems?
My BF (M25) is intimidated by my vibrator.
I [18/M] clowned and made a joke about my best friend’s [19/M] mom [40s/F]. I am visiting him soon and I don’t know if I should apologize or act like it never happened?
Who’s the cook in your relationship?
Something to think about.
My (25) boyfriend (24) is scaring me with some of his political views
My [28F] boyfriend [28M] doesn’t think what he’s doing is hurtful/wrong, so I’m doing it back to him.
Female friend (26) being for demanding for very small, unimportant looking things. Don't know if I (F28) should fight her request and get blamed for causing trouble for no apparent reason or try to find excuses for why I will not do what I'm being told. Is she trying to establish dominance?
Fights over setting boundaries with my [28F] gf's [24F] parents [65]
People in relationships have an overly high opinion of themselves
wondering if this is normal?
My boyfriend doesn’t think what he’s doing is hurtful/wrong, so I’m doing it back to him.
How do I tell “Sarah” (f20) I (M21) dont wanna face time but I am still trying to pipe
Verbal bullying
Verbal bullying
Need advice on mental health affecting relationship
People in relationships have an overly high opinion of themselves
Is it possible to if I’m showing signs of not ready to be in a relationship but love the person so much?
My Boyfriend (M24) doesn't understand why I'm (F19) afraid of fleas
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) sent nudes to another girl
FWB acts like a boyfriend but mentioned he doesn’t do relationships
Do I (19F) need to tell my BF (21M) that I'm having second thoughts about our relationship?
Years later, I just realised my weird and wimpy ex boyfriend was a complete creep, and I dont know what to do
I think my gf doesn’t love me as much as she used to. Im in pain. When I ask her, she doesn’t say anything.
Why is it that most people are straight Or have straight relationships?
I (23M) fell for a girl my bestfriend had sex with. ( very long post, sorry )
New roommate is an alcoholic
Love lost with wife, need help
Umm what does he want?
Girlfriend of 5 years wants space to think, "confused"
My (30sM) mother (60sF) was scammed. She lied to my father (60sM) about it for months before he found out. Now their relationship is in tatters, how can I help them repair it?
23M Lost in what to do in his current situation with his GF
My wife is doesnt want to hang out with me
New roommate is an alcoholic
Love lost with wife, need help
I (f/29) was choked and forcefully made out with by old co worker (m/35). Idk what to do
How do I (19F) talk to my boyfriend (20M) about my past?
I (25f) want friends but feel limited because of relationship
Should I (26F) pay a greater portion of the grocery and takeout bill than my boyfriend (26M)?
Mom (60F) was scammed and lied to my dad (60M) about it. Their relationship is falling apart, how can I help them repair it?
I (25f) desperately want friends but feel like I can't in relationship
I (23M) fell for a girl my bestfriend had sex with. ( very long post, sorry )
Should I ignore these or see it as mild mental abuse?
concerned about my (21F) bf's (21M) remarks about different races
Can I trust my girlfriend after she’s done this?
Advice for my relationship found some text messages on her phone from her ex what should I do
I(19F) don't know how to tell my boyfriend (20M) about my childhood trauma
Advice for catching my girlfriend texting ex
I (35f) am sinking further and further into utter ruin with my despondent, lying, abusive boyfriend (36m)
For a friend (F27) - wants to leave ltr (7 years) but can't
Guy [22M] was very angry when I [23F] met up with him?
Girlfriends crazy parents (HELP)
I (31F) rejected my friend (27M) romantically again yesterday and he tried to kill himself tonight
For a friend (F27)
Boyfriend didn't talk it out.
I (16F) was harassed and my friend group (all 16F) is being inconsiderate of my feelings.
Am I 25f weird to be a little annoyed at my 26m boyfriend for getting coffee with his coworker?
One Side Love
One Side love
I'm so lonely
I am in a long distance relationship and i want to stop suffering from it! Need your help
My (25F) boyfriend (29M) is secretly using Tinder all the time to boost his ego.
My [21F] ex boyfriend [22F] saved my nudes without my consent when I was 16 and showed it to his friends. I found out 3 years later. What am I experiencing?
One Sided Love
My [21F] ex boyfriend [22F] saved my nudes without my consent when I was 16 and showed it to his friends. I found out 3 years later. What am I experiencing?
My (60M) Dad is threatening to kick me out unless I give him the name of my plug
Can someone please help me(22f) with how to approach my friend(23m)?
I regret.
Is it too soon?
Not really sure what to do - girlfriend said ‘we should split up’ then blocked me on everything.
Is it too soon?
Questions
Question
My (60M) Dad caught me smoking weed and is threatening (19M) to kick me out unless I give up my plugs number.
Lost my mom 2 months ago, feels like yesterday. How to cope with her lost hopes/dreams?
What did it feel like when you first met the person you’re with now?
I made a possible mistake
I [28/f] am new to dating apps and am having trouble figuring out if this guy [28/m] ive been talking to for a few weeks is into it or not.
I [19F] think I’m a pedophile
My boyfriend shaved his beard and HATES the way he looks
Is it a good idea to break up with bf of 8 years due to my low self esteem?
Pressure from parents, mom wants a grandchild [24]m
Is it a good idea to break up with my boyfriend of 8 years because of my low self esteem?
My bf shaved his beard and he HATES it
Is this snide sarcasm or did I misread?
I [24] is dating a [22] boyfriend who lacks emotional intelligence
I hate being single especially in times like this
I [19F] think I’m a pedophile
I (30f) accidentally got pregnant by a good friend's abusive boyfriend (31m)
If my girl kisses another girl, would it be the same as if i were to kiss another girl
I (F22) texted my boyfriend (M22) about my weight gain and he didnt say anything supportive.
Would it be a bad idea for me [33F] who practices strict social distancing to date a guy [39] who doesn’t do the same? We really like/care for one another.
Attractive best friend impacting my mental health
My (f17) brother (M21) and his gf (f17) are peer pressuring me into trying to smoke weed with them 😣😥
Game
My (f17) brother (M21) and his gf (f17) are peer pressuring me into trying to smoke weed with them 😣😥
My (21F) bf seems to not want me but he (20'sM) will not say anything.
Have I been catfished?
How to handle my boss?
Are my birthday expectations too high? what do I reply? (21F)
TL-DR Broke up with BF, Now showing intertest but being distant.
I (16M) can't stop crying myself to sleep
My bf [M/25] and I [F/24] fought about his extreme social distancing measures and now we're not talking. How can we solve this?
Advice on toxicity?
I (16M) can't stop crying myself to sleep and its hurting me
Do I wait a couple of months or just move on?
How to handle my boss?
My (23F) fiance (23M) doesn't want me to go to a hotel to cool off when were having an argument - I think it's a good way to cool off, he has his own opinions.
only admits feelings when drunk
Roommate getting gun despite me being uncomfortable
Only tells me feelings when he’s drunk and refuses to talk about it when sober
I can't stop crying myself to sleep and Its hurting me
my gf [20F] is struggling with her mental health and I’m [22F] having a hard time supporting her in the way she needs me to.
my gf [20F] is having a hard time with her mental health and I’m [22F] trying my best to be the partner she needs right now but I’m struggling with it.
How to let go of past family hurt? (21f)(50-55m/f)
I [M20] didn’t feel love until it was way too late with my LDR ex [F19]. How do I keep this from happening in the future and should I be able to move on quickly or not?
My gf is struggling with mental health problems and I don’t know how to help
I (20F) want to leave him (21M) for the third time. I fear that he has gotten more attached each time. How do I do this?
How quickly should I[M20] be able to move on? How do I know if I’m in love in the future? I’m so confused... [19F]
(25M) Obsessed over my ex a year later
I'm in an interracial relationship at a distance
Why is it that some people have never dated anyone before well into their adulthood? [Discussion]
I'm in an interracial relationship at a distance right now..
My relationship is interracial and I'm not sure what to do these days...
My boyfriend (24M) asked to see picture of my (23F) friend’s p*ssy.
I want to leave him for the third time. Each time he got more and more attached. How do I do this?
Why is it that some people have never dated anyone before well into their adulthood? [Discussion]
LDR : I (29f) gave my so (27m) a second chance after i confronted him about cheating.
Help? My boyfriend is keeping a secret from me.
When your boyfriend calls you lazy and a fat bi*ch even after losing 12 pounds (pics)🙃
He (39m) treats me (39f) so very poorly, but I am horrified by the thoughts of him moving on so I can't let go. HELP
Attractive best friend affecting my mental health
LDR : I (29f) gave my so (27m) a second chance after i confronted him about cheating.
What Should I do?
I(23F) need advice on how to have racial conversations with my (26M) partner.
Me (29m) and my gf (23F) in an LDR for 3 years
Am I a stalker? 23M (me) and 21F
Long-distance relationship my fiancee needs space and deletes me from FB
I (19F) love my boyfriend (19M) but I am not attracted to him. I think I need to break up with him, but I don't know how, or if I even should.
My (17f) boyfriend (23M) had some opinions on white privilege/racism that I don't know how to deal with.
Obsessed over an ex a year later
Uncomfortable with gf’s friend situation
I try to talk to my girlfriend about why she’s been acting distant and strange lately and it’s getting nowhere. I need advice on what to do..
I (27M) hooked up with trans woman (22F)earlier this week who is now living with me, my ex(27F) who just moved her things out and broke up with me at the end of last month called and wants to move back in, I don’t know what to do, please help
One of my ex boyfriends [21m] made me [23f] send him nudes. How do I get over the guilt?
Would it be cringey to sing my boyfriend "1 2 3 4" by the Plain White Tees as a little anniversary gift? [queue]
I (27M) hooked up with trans woman (22F)earlier this week who is now living with me, my ex(27F) who just moved her things out and broke up with me at the end of last month called and wants to move back in, I don’t know what to do, please help
Would it be cringey to sing my boyfriend "1 2 3 4" by the Plain White Tees as a little anniversary gift?
I (19F) love my boyfriend (19M) but I am not attracted to him. I think I need to break up with him, but I don't know how, or if I even should.
can anyone share their breakup stories?
"I (20F) keep losing my attraction/interest in my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship?"
Is it a red flag that my bf (31) has only dated girls 5-7 years younger than him?
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) doesn’t know if he loves me.
I (20F) keep losing my attraction/interest in my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship?
I (20F) keep losing my attraction to my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship
Is it a red flag that my bf (31) has only dated girls 5-7 years younger?
Am I a crazy girlfriend?
She clogged up my toilet
Not making me a priority
I think I might be gay (F18)
Do I (23F) break up with my BF (22M) of 4 years during a transitional moment in our lives?
Do I (23F) break up with my BF (22M) during a transitional moment in our lives?
I [M26] cheated on the love of my life [F27] and hid it. I started a relationship with the affair partner [F27] and cheated on her too before breaking up with her. Now the entire truth has come out.
I [20M] really don't understand my girl-friend [19F] anymore. What should we do?
I am in disbelief and can’t even begin to process my BFs request and don’t know where to go from here.
Daughter cutting
ended it with partner because she discussed my insecurities with her friends
I (16F) don’t know how to cope with my mom (48F).
Am I the Problem?
[M26] I cheated on the love of my life [F27], broke up and started a relationship with the affair partner [F27], cheated on her too, and now the entire truth has come out.
I (32F) having some issues around treats with my husband (36M)
Boyfriend (22M) just told me (21F) that we are done because the same thing will happen every time? How do I show him it’s different this time?
How do I approach my bosses about passing me up on a promotion without letting me know?
I'm a 22 year old guy. I have never had a girlfriend, although I'm somewhat trying now. How do I go about it?
My [22M] BF keeps blocking me on twitter
My girlfriend(22) and I(23) broke up over temporary long distance.
Boyfriend (22M) and me (21F) of 9 years are currently either broken up or about to take a break, has anyone had this issue with someone long term?
How do I[22F] make myself feel safe in my relationship?
23[M] may have stalked 21[F]
My girlfriend(22) and I(23) just broke up over temporary long distance
How do I[22F] learn to feel safe in my relationship?
I think my FWB is in a relationship?
My (28F) boyfriend (33M) thinks I still have feeling for my ex due to unresolved anger towards him.
I [29m] just had to perform cpr on my brother [33m] and I feel like a terrible brother
Is it possible to stay friends after a breakup?
23[M] may have stalked 21[F]
My(27M) girlfriend (24) was extremely upset that I asked for space due to her being extremely overbearing and retaliated by blocking me on social media then having her friends block me on social media as well.
I [29m] just had to perform cpr on my brother [33m] and I feel like a terrible brother
My close friend(m) is hooking up with my dead friend's (ex) partner(f) and I don't know how to feel or what to do
My cousin[28F] burned a bridge with me[29F] to look good on her social media
Am I a stalker?
I don't trust my boyfriend but I don't wanna leave him
My cousin [28F] burned a bridge with me [29F] to look good on her social media
I (m26) am struggling with my gf's(F23) depression. Been dating for 1 year.
My [18F] Boyfriend [18M] seems to be avoiding me
30s f daugther with 60s f mother. How common is it for mothers to tell their child they wished they have never been born or wished they had died?
My (28F) boyfriend (34M) thinks I still have feelings for my ex.
My boyfriend [M30] refuses to talk to me [F29] about a problem we are having
How can I (20s F) discuss racial injustice with my parents (50s) as lovingly as possible?
Should I confess to my crush and possibly ruin our friendship?
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together 5 and a half years and he hasn't proposed yet.
I don't know how to help my relationship with my family and could use an outsiders perspective.
30s F daughter and 60s F mother. How common is it for a mother to tell her child she wished she was never born or wished she had died?
I don't know how to improve my relationship with my family and need an outside perspective
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together for 5 and a half years and he won't propose.
I [29M] get easily bored with everything... including the current relationship with my SO [26F], and it scares me.
When should a friendship become a relationship?
I [29M] get easily bored with things... including the current relationship with my SO [26F], and it scares me.
I still love you
My (25F) boyfriend (22M) moves out tomorrow. I don't know what to do
I (20F) am in a LDR with my bf (19M) and family/work and now C*vid has stopped us seeing irl regularly, how to avoid drifting?
Am I horrible for feeling jealousy towards my gf's niece?
I[25] am currently being lynched online because my friend[26] has been accused of being a serial ass smacker
Me (25F) and my boyfriend (22M) have been quarantined together. Tomorrow he has to move out. I'm terrified.
I am currently being lynched online because my friend has been accused of being a serial ass smacker
I don’t think I love my parents even though I want to! What should I do ??
Does your partner make you sad?
I don't know what a relationship is meant to be.
I (21F) want to cut ties with my sister. (17F)
Big argument with boyfriend over race
need advice on a break up cycle
Am I being emotionally abused?
a cycle of emotions.
break-up cycle.
Codependance
Does your partner make you sad?
Me (23) her (28) caught her in lie
Am I being emotionally abused?
My girlfriend can’t shake thinking she’s damaged goods for being divorced
My girlfriend thinks she’s damaged goods for being divorced already
My best friend did something horrible, can i still be friends with him
I (F21) want to cut ties with my sister (17)
Obsessing over partner’s past
My [31/M] mother [60/F] calls me to vent about the rest of my family taking precautions regarding COVID and shames me for not taking her side. How do I handle this?
Is it possible to make a relationship work despite having fundamental differences with your partner? (19F)
A racist I know just became a law enforcement officer.
am i in the wrong? please read
A racist I know just became a county sheriff.
I (28F) feel uncomfortable with my boyfriend (28M) sharing details about our relationship with his professional development group.
How do I[21F] reconnect with an old best friend[21F]?
I (28F) feel uncomfortable with my boyfriend (28M) sharing details about our relationship with his professional development group.
I don’t think my feelings truly and deeply matter to my boyfriend...
Friend (25f) telling outrageous lies about me (26f) to her other friends
Friend (f25) telling lies about me (26f) to her other friends
Friend telling lies about me to her other friends
Is it justifiable to prevent a family member from bringing her unvaccinated children to my wedding?
Guy [25m] asked me [25f] out and cancelled a few times. Did I respond correctly?
Asshole friend and a very very strange fallout
How can I (25F) let my friend (34M) know I’d be more than accepting *if* he were gay?
not willing to feel guilty, in this one
My (f14) mother (38) wont let me approach her about my mental health
not willing to feel guilty, in this one
She (26f) won’t stop using me (25f) as her therapist?
Would I be betraying my family if I changed my name to my step-fathers’ name?
Female (21) in 2 year relationship, debating on break with loml Male (23)- my first relationship
Not willing to feel guilty, in this case
Ranting about my ex F(18) with M(18)
