I (F,30) asked my partner to ‘soften’ my fiancé’s (M,33) tone of voice when speaking to me. Was this unreasonable? What do you all think?
AITA for being sad about not getting the anniversary gift I want?
I need some fire in my relationship
My boyfriend (20M) never seems to want to see me (19F) and I need some advice.
Weird dream about my ex. What to do?!
Girlfriends house for fathers day
My (26F) friends (31M) girlfriend (25F) planning on tricking him into pregnancy, should I tell him?
First time
So I saw photos of my bf’s ex girlfriend on his phone....
I suspect that my friend (21F) could be into me (21M), I'd kinda like things to progress but am unsure if I'm reading too much into this?
Girlfriend 24F (or ex girlfriend now) blocked me 24M on everything? Do I eventually reach out?
I saw my bf’s ex’s nudes and old photos and now I cannot function
I (F,30) asked my partner to ‘soften’ my fiancé’s (M,33) tone of voice when speaking to me. Was this unreasonable?
How to forget the best sex of your life and move on with something so so?
Ex wants to leave the door open for the future
Ex wants to leave the door open for the future
I (23f) am feeling sad and confused about my boyfriend (23m) moving to another country.
How to forget the best sex of your life?
Girlfriend 24F (or ex girlfriend now) blocked me 24M on everything? Do I eventually reach out?
Genuine Question: Do you say I love you always?
Ex Wants To Leave Door Open For Future
My(21F) half-sister(28F) is ignoring me
My [32m] girlfriend [28f] is terrible with texting and it’s becoming frustrating
I (23f) am feeling sad and confused about my boyfriend (23m) moving to another country.
My (25F) bf (26M) leaves for days at a time and never does anything with me.
How long time should it take to find out if she/he is the one?
Am I (18F) crazy to believe my ex boyfriend (19M) was abusive or was he just an asshole ?
I [26F] crushed my husband’s [27M] self esteem and I don’t know how to fix it
I (23 M) moved last year to a new city and met a (23 f) woman that I have a crush on. We have become friends and I'm not sure how to approach the friendship at this point.
Not invited to scaled-down wedding?
Is this a rebound relationship (40M) and (31M)?
Should I (26f) tell my new boyfriend (27m) that I was in an affair with a married man (back when I was single)?
My boyfriend keeps thinking I cheated (sort of)
Different ways of attracting
Am I [30F] being paranoid about my BF[30M] telling me he knows sexual details about his coworker?
Is this a rebound relationship (31M) with (40M)?
Different levels of attraction
Middle school
My long-distance partner [18X] and I [19X] are considering fast-tracking to marriage for immigration/financial reasons; rose-colored glasses check?
Not invited to scaled-down wedding
My date is silent after argument
I [26F] crushed my husband’s [27M] self esteem and I don’t know how to fix it
Boyfriend [M27] didn't invite me [23F] to birthday party
I'm (18M) confused on what to do
Me and my wife are having a baby.
Boyfriend keeps thinking I cheated (sort of)
Crush is silent after argument
Me [33F] with my BF [30M] 10 months, how do you know whether it's Covid stress to work through or time to walk away?
Crush is silent after an argument
Husband is very self centered
I'm confused on what to do.
Boyfriend gives me silent treatment but I don't know for what reason
Middle school
My girlfriend [21 F] has issues with my porn habits and cannabis consumption [26 M]. Feeling really immature about not wanting to change.
I called my boyfriends identical twin cute and now he’s mad at me
Should I [23M] establish a relationship with my absent father?
How do you reply to "what are you on Tinder for"?
I don’t know if she likes me or not
I don’t know if she likes me or not
I'm [F27] unsure how to handle quasi-breakup with [M30] I was seeing
Sister [15 F] is devastated after her horse died. How to help her cope?
Living with my ex since 3 days back
Arguing about going back to work with my(33) husband(39), it's not actually necessary, I might need a reality check. Pandemic related.
Arguing about going back to work with my(33) husband(39), it's not actually necessary, I might need a reality check. Covid19 related.
Is it ok to date a friends recent romantic interest?
Boyfriend [27] didn't invite me [23] to his birthday celebration with his friends
I’m (29F) going on date with a friends (29F) recent interest
I feel like my boyfriend is distancing himself from me
Friends insisted on meeting my (21F) Bf (22M) for over a year and then ignored him all night because my bff's (22F) BF (22M) "stole" the spotlight
My GF (23F) suffers from past rejection
My girlfriend (23F) still suffers from past rejections.
My GF (16F) just got drunk for the first time, hurt me(17M), and seems like she might start an addiction
How do I (37M) tell the woman I'm seeing (30F) that make-up is becoming an issue?
Friends asked me (21F) to introduce my Bf (22M) and then ignored him all night
I have trouble dating someone
Is it bad that I enjoy ghosting people and hate relationships? (M21)
Is it bad that I (21M) enjoy ghosting people and hate relationships?
I feel bad for drifting away from my best friend and need advice..
Girlfriend (F25) of 3 years broke up with me when I became very rude to her while drunk (M24)
I (25F) have a bad feeling about my partner (27M) but I don't know how to bring it up without sounding crazy.
Me [22 M] with my girlfriend [20 F] of about 6 months, she decided to get a tattoo and I felt left out of that decision
UPDATE : I feel like my personally boundaries are being stepped on now [21 M] Because of my incidents that made it spike with my gf [20 F]
My bf left me sleeping at a party alone
I realized I have to break up with my boyfriend but I am hesitant.
My(41) daughter(16) is a product of inbreeding. Should I tell it to her?
Update: Test
Irene [28F] blows up
Should I [30F] leave my fiance [32M] before it's too late?
CONFUSED AF (19M)
I [26F] have been with my boyfriend [25 M] for 3 years but I still think of my ex [29M]
I hate sharing a room with my younger siblings
Why do I [25F] keep getting ghosted?
kinda just need someone to tell me this is the best thing that could’ve happened
Why do I [25F] keep getting ghosted?
How can I [19M] help my girlfriend [19F] who’s being overwhelmed with stress
I can’t tell my boyfriend what’s wrong. Is this gaslighting? Is it even a relationship anymore??
I can never express why I’m upset. Is this even a relationship anymore?
Am I (36f) making the right decision to end things with my fiance (35m)?
Difficult Adult Child
Should I leave my fiance before it's too late?
Am I (36f) making the right decision to leave my (35m) fiance?
How to get my mum to notice that I need her
It's one year today since my (18F) boyfriend (19M) cheated. Trying to process my feelings.
How can I get my mum to comfort me?
Feeling smothered by my [40sF] partner [40sM] and having a hard time explaining what I want from him in this regard.
My [23F] Boyfriend [29M] made plans to see his friend for football and beer after not seeing me for 2 Months (1 Year Together)
Weird Question between corona and familiar and personal relationships.
I (25m) have been getting mixed signals from my ex (?) (31f)
My mom is mad at me for being in love with my stepsister
Weird Question, looking for advice.
Kind of lost interest in a 10 year long friendship. Can anyone relate or understand?
I (25m) keep getting mixed signals from my ex (31f)
I (26m) broke quarantine to have casual sex with a girl (23f). My roommates (24m, 25m) are mad, but I think they’re being hypocritical, given how irresponsible they were about COVID. They’re still my friends, so I wanna make it right. (FWIW, we’re all in healthcare)
Am I terrible for drifting away from my best friend?
Should I apologize for drifting away from my best friend?
Do I need to be more patient with my anxious/depressed girlfriend or is she pushing things too far?
Should I start dating?
Should I (24 F) still try to get with this guy (29 M)?
My (25) girlfriend’s (23) mom is interfering with our relationship and my girlfriend’s lack of ability to set boundaries is making me lose attraction to her
My (25) girlfriend’s (23) mom is interfering with our relationship and my girlfriend’s lack of ability to set boundaries is making me lose attraction to her
Was I [33F] wrong for breaking up with my bf [53M] for sudden lack of communication and cancellations?
was i (18F) raped by my former boyfriend (19M) ?
I (25F) have a bad feeling about my partner (27M) but I don't know how to bring it up without sounding crazy.
I can’t with my dad
I (21F) am sitting in a hotel room with my mom (42F) after she’s just talking to me about past relationships/life/ what she wants to ... and I’m scared to tell her how much pain I’m really in.
Me (27/M) and one of my best friends (27/F) hugged each other and didn’t wan to let go. (Friends for 5y). Both in comitted relationships, how to deal with this?
How can I [19M] help my girlfriend [19F] who’s being overwhelmed with stress
Burden of my life
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
I'm [19M] in love with my best friend of 8 years [19F], but she recently started dating someone. What to do?
Did I over react?
Girlfriend (25F) of 3 years broke up with me when I got very upset with her while drunk (M24)
I [19M] am in love with my best friend of 8 years [19F], but shes currently dating someone. What to do? (A bit of a long post so bear with me).
I’m F(27) going through depression and it doesn’t seem like my bf (27) supports me.
My girlfriend is becoming burned out because of major prolonged stress
I think my girlfriend is becoming burned out because of major prolonged stress caused by Coronavirus.
My [32f] boyfriend [32m] secretly changes girl contacts on his phone to male names
I (27F) found out my (ex?) boyfriend (24M) is a compulsive liar and our relationship is ruined.
I (F24) feel like I’m dating a child sometimes (M30)
Husband (M36) wants us to travel home for July 4th, but I (F31) don’t think it’s a great idea because of COVID
I (32m) just ruined a great friendship of 3 years (and Father's Day) over unrequited feelings with my sister's best friend (29f)
I think I'm Facebook friends with a rapist?
I (32m) just ruined a great friendship (and Fathers Day) with my sisters best friend (28f), over unrequited feelings
How do I [22M] work with someone [34M] I don't like?
Need advice as a 19F breaking up with my 22M BF of three years as he is keeping intimate pics of a dead girl who heavily bullied me
Being around others who are constantly flirting and getting flirted with makes me (29M) feel worthless and valueless. What can I do?
My gf(22) wants an open relationship.
My gf(22) wants a open relationship
My gf(22) wants an opain relationship.
I [M 22] found out the chick I’m dating [F 20] does porn
Is this long distance relationship with a Dutch guy doomed?
Is this long distance relationship with a Dutch guy meant to be doomed?
My brother (16)keeps sneaking out
My(13m) friend's(13f) boyfriend(15m) logged onto her Snapchat and blocked me and all the boys on there
Why do I only attract overly intelligent men?
Girl I’m talking to does porn...
My brother(16) keeps sneaking out
My bf (34M) told me (29F) to move out last night, but texted me this morning that he “didn’t mean it.”
My bf (34) told me (29F) to move out last night, but texted me this morning that he “didn’t mean it”
“Cheating” is actually liberation
Family member’s new girlfriend hates me and I don’t know why?
What's the worst fight you've had with your SO? How did your resolve it?
I (25F) just found out my best friend (26F) keeps me a secret from people?
What are the possibilities of transmitting of the CORONA (COVID-19) during a sexual relationship?
I (25F) just found out my best friend (26F) keeps me a secret from people?
Boyfriend is planning a trip to California while we're broke
My (F 21) Boyfriend (M 23) Won't Unblock Me And Refused To Hug Me
Long-distance relationship ended after 2 years
Do I move on to renting a house? Or do I stay in this tiny apartment?
Long-distance relationship ended after 2 years
Girlfriend had a positive STD screening; Relationship was put to the test. She got retested, and came back negative.
REDDIT
I'm [23M] worried that my roommate (and one of my best friends) [21F] is interested in our friend/new roommate [21M]
Is right ghosting a person that cheated on you?
Is this a phase? LGBTQ+ help
Is it okay that I (29M) don’t want to date or get into relationships due to past mistakes?
Lost about the way I’m handling things with my girlfriend
Is it normal that my girlfriend acts differently around her friends and different around me?
Me (27F) found out I was pregnant after breaking up with self-destructive (31M) boyfriend. Now I had a miscarriage and I think he hates me because he won't talk to me.
I (29 F) think my boyfriend (31M) has feelings for his good friend (27-ish??F) and I don't know what to do
My boyfriend and his friend’s girlfriend
[26f] don’t feel valued with any of my relationships right now.
Boyfriend (29m) not interested in sex (27f) which concerns me is something wrong
When do you tell your parents?
How do you sleep with people?
My boyfriend, his best friend’s, and the best friend’s gf
I [31 M] feel stuck in my relationship. My girlfriend [37 F] is amazing (most of the time), but we don't really have anything in common.
I (20m) found out that my gf (20f) has been contacting and seeing her ex (20m) during our break
F(25), M(24) - Career or love?
I [31 M] feel stuck in my relationship. My girlfriend [37 F] is an amazing person (most of the time) , but we have nothing in common.
Cliche but I need your advice, career or love?
My [25N] oldest friends [25–29F&M] hurt me; I don't know whether to forgive and forget
My [18M] girlfriend [20F] got me infected, she keeps apologizing about it, but I am not mad at her for it.
Am I her back up friend?
I (20m) found out that my gf (20f)has been contacting and seeing her ex (20m) while we were on a break
My girl friend is being forced to get gender reassignment surgery but I love them?
23m Just wondering how to have friends and get a girlfriend.
24M trying to get back into dating after breakup? (plz read b4 posting)
Help me flirtatiously ask for a guys socials
Loosing the war, won the battle?
How can I deal with in-laws?
Taking responsibilities. Help me
Being (23F) accused of cheating by my partner (26M)
My (31 F) drug addict friend (31 M) keeps calling me in crisis
My (26f) parents (60s) don’t understand why I don’t want to bring my boyfriend (33) home for lunch every weekend
24M has only had one gf and unsure how to get back into dating now (plz read b4 replying)
Need to take responsibility. Help me
My (31 F) drug addiction friend (31 M) calls me in crisis all the time.
How to deal with in-laws?
Can’t flirt to save my life pls help
I feel like my personally boundaries are being stepped on now [21 M] Because of my incidents that made it spike with my gf [20 F]
Social Media & Personal Message Anxiety...I brought this on myself but...
I (18F) am being controlled and manipulated by my ex (18M) and I don’t know how to stop it.
Badly need relationship advice (20M)
I (18F) am being controlled and manipulated by my ex (18M). He wont stop despite me asking a countless amt of times. Please help.
Please give me some advice (M20)
Just got dumped by my bf
My(24F) boyfriend(35M) thinks birth control is murder
My sister broke up with her boyfriend after a arguement her boyfriend and I had my nerves are shot and I dont know what to do.
My(24 F) boyfriend (35M) thinks birth control is murder
Miss my ex (ldr)
Miss my ex (LDR)
Partner wants me to change
My (49F) friends are pornographers and I am uncomfortable with the type of porn they are making (school shooter porn)
I know this is maybe going to sound concieted (long text)
My (22F) BF (22M) confessed he’s in love with my BFF (22F) but says he still loves me. What now?
Do people actually end up with their types?
Ex girlfriend messaging me
My boyfriend (M/36) will always get super defensive in any argument and makes me (F/28) feel like it’s my fault in all our fights
Ex-girlfriend messaging me
Problems with this girl
I've been with my fiance for six years, and I don't want to have sex at all. What do I do?
(22F) poly d&d friend group got weird, had to dip
One of my (22M) best friends (22F), who I’ve been friends with for 5 years, stopped answering me and I’m worried our friendship is crumbling
I've been with my fiance got six years, and I don't want to have sex, what do I do?
WIBTA for telling my landlady that my roommate has brought in a dog to our house against the lease, and without asking while knowing I’m an asthmatic?
Help
I (17M) don’t feel close to anyone in my friend group anymore...
WIBTA for telling my landlady that my roommate has brought a dog into our house without asking even though I’m allergic and asthmatic?
I (17M) don’t feel close to anyone in my friend group anymore...
My now ex-friend (23M) has been displaying concerning behaviors,and seems to be harassing women he has been involved with. I’m not sure if ending our friendship was enough,or if I need to take other steps to address his behavior.
My ex-friend(23M) has shown a lot of concerning behaviors towards his exes,such as harassment. I ended our friendship,but I am wondering If I should do more.
She deserves so much better than me
Husband keeps saying that our kid doesn’t look like him
She deserves so much better than me
Does he have real feelings for me or just want attention
Crush left me on open
DO GIRLS HATE DATING GUYS WITH SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/ DISABILITIES?!
Online Destiny
I (22f) want to know if I am overacting to my (23f) gf's mothers treatment of her. Cultural difference, narcissism, and LGBTQ+ insight appreciated.
How to confront friend about feeling neglected?
[24F] Is this a reason to be frustrated ? I want to give him the benefit of the doubt.
Boyfriends schedule is effecting my time spent with him
My (25 F) Abusive family is harassing and stalking me
[24F] Is this a reason to be frustrated? I want to give him the benefit of the doubt.
How to confront friend about feeling neglected?
My (15/M) crush (14/F) is unhealthily obsessed with someone else (15/M)
Looking for women to give honest feedback on my dating bio and pictures.
My ex broke up with me because he’s too depressed but said there’s a possibility we could get back together. What can I do?
Looking for women to give honest feedback on my dating bio and pictures.
My ex says he’s to depressed for a relationship. What do I do?
My (f22) ex (m23) is going through a crisis and has no one to turn to. How do I support him but also have boundaries?
DO GIRLS HATE DATING GUYS WITH SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/ DISABILITIES?! WHY DO GIRLS HATE SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/DISABILITIES?!
(22F) polycule D&D friend group got weird, had to ghost.
My (F22) ex (M23) is alone, depressed and in need of support. What do I do and how do I establish boundaries?
Understanding my [28F] feelings about my coworker [32M, married, kids] and knowing what to do about it
I(24M) hooked you with a girl(20F) after a week of talking and the next day she said talking was awkward
Men and women of Reddit, how do you deal with your partner's sexual past?
Been feeling pretty distant and upset about my boyfriend recently.
Advice on dealing with two friends who recently broke up
Am I being subjected to emotional abuse or am I the problem?
How do I (F20) function when both my best friends hate each other?
Feeling upset about a talk me and my bf just had?
How do I (24M) stop being in love with my kind-of ex (23F)
I (18F) read my boyfriends (19M) messages with his friends and I think he’s talking bad about me? idk what to do:(
I honestly need help because I'm struggling
Seduce my wife
Recent break up in my clique
My (21F) husband (29M) has anger issues and I'm wondering if I was maybe too harsh in this situation?
Angry and Confused from breakup.
How do I function when both my best friends don’t like each other?
Need advice on two of my friends breaking up
Wife likes women?
Dear Grendel Z
(22F) Made friends with a poly d&d group in college, stuff got weird, had to ghost.
I feel like my (25f) boyfriend (29m) is just not attracted to me anymore after living together and I'm honestly not sure he has ever has been - is our relationship salvageable?
Married (40m) but struggling with a crush on a co-worker (30f)
Boss (49/F) jokes about firing me (30/M). I’m pretty sure it’s a joke but I don’t find it funny. What should I do?
Should I avoid a guy like this
Should I avoid a guy like this?
Boss jokes about firing me. I’m pretty sure it’s a joke but I don’t find it funny. What should I do?
Am I jealous?
My (28F) relationship (27M) may have just ended. Is there hope for us?
Made friends with a poly d&d group, it got weird, had to ghost.
Girlfriend(22F) forgot my(25M) yesterday and even after coming over today and seeing my bday ballon, hasn’t said anything to me...
I feel like my best friend is holding me back.
Am I jealous?
Today my (25F) boyfriend (27M) told me about his childhood abuse and I don't know how to help him..
I (18F) read my boyfriends (19M) messages with his friends and I think he’s talking bad about me? idk what to do:(
A girl [16F] that rejected me [16M] is now into me. Should I go with it or tell her to fuck off?
Is it weird to feel so different after a long-ish period of abstinence?
read my boyfriends messages with his friends and I think he’s talking bad about me? idk what to do:(
Is it normal to feel different after being intimate after a long period of nothing happening?
What to do to get my mum and her boyfriend to stop playing music very late at night
Confronting the family about my inappropriate harassment from my younger brothers.
How can I (22F) help my boyfriend (22M) prioritize our relationship?
What should I do to get my mum and her boyfriend to stop playing music late at night?
Today my (25F) boyfriend (27M) told me about his childhood abuse and I don't know how to help him..
I(49F) just found out that my husband(35M) is a necrophiliac.
I feel like I am not in control of my life and it’s making me depressed.
I feel like I am not in control of my life and it’s making me depressed.
Married but struggling with a crush on a co-worker
Bfs (M23) dad is ill how do i (F20) help him
Unsure what to do, need some advice
My GF (25F) and I (27M) Are Considering Moving In Together
My GF (25F) asked me (27M) if we should move in together after a year of dating
Bf(25) keeps doing things that bother me(f21)
My bfs dad may be ill
Bf(25) keeps doing things that bother me(f21)
Alcohol and another argument (AAA)
Why am I (23F) suddenly so nervous to move in with my boyfriend (28M)
I (21) F just found out my bf (23) M still has a tinder account, and is using a photo my father took of us with me cropped out as one of his photos
My (22f) bf (23m) broke up with me, how do I proceed?
My (21F) ex (23M) wants me back after dating for 5 years
How to feel comfortable in my male-dominated work place?
Alcohol and another argument (AAA)
My boyfriend (15M) invited two girls (15F) for a sleepover at his house with nobody else home. Three days ago he said he would screw them if he was single. Should I (16F) be concerned?
Am i wrong for not wanting to hang out with my ex-boyfriend when he cross-dresses?
I[30M] wonder what its like to have had your needs met as a child so you don't seek them out in a significant other
My BF broke up with me, how do I proceed?
My BF broke up with me, how do I proceed?
Guys what are some things you do when you’re in love?
Boyfriend purposely bothers me to provoke me
I (F30s) and my married coworker (M30s).. Is it ok?
My (21F) ex boyfriend (23M) of 5 years wants me back
Was Leaving Him The Right Choice?
Should I forgive her?
Why do I (20M) feel like I will never find love?
My [34M] friend [36F] won't tell me "No" - she prefers to just not respond or give me excuses.
I (16m) feel a little left out in my friend group (all 16m). Please help.
Married coworker?..
How can I stop having anxiety in my relationship and stop worrying that my boyfriend is going to cheat on me?
i’m confused
How do I tell a friend that I'm dating a guy she has history with?
My(F28) dad cheated on my mom (who had cancer) with a much younger woman and i think it made me unable to hold a relationship
Not interested in future endeavours?
Is he the one for me?
Not interested in future endeavours?
So my (20F) little sister sent this to my (32F) drug addict older sister after receiving a heartfelt slideshow at 5AM.
So my (20F) little sister sent this to my (32F) older sister on Mother's Day after my little sister received a Movie Maker™ Collage at 5am on Mother's Day
(22M) Trying to secure a relationship with untitled girlfriend (19F)
My bf (25M) said he’d break up with me (28F) if I got muscly
Should I be offended that my friend hasn’t told me she can hang out?
Are my (29F) feelings depression or just an unfulfilling sexual relationship with my husband(30M)?
Should I be offended that my friend hasn’t told me she can hang out?
Coworker/friend’s changing communication habits have me confused.
Is it wrong for a boyfriend [20] to tell others what they did as a couple (sexual acts) without the girlfriend's [19] permission?
Is it wrong for a boyfriend to tell others what they did together as a couple (sexual acts) without permission from the girlfriend?
My dad cheated on my mom (who had cancer) with a much younger woman and i think it fucked me up
Never dated anyone. How do I talk to a guy without scaring him off?
People are calling out abusers and I don’t know if I have a right to mention my ex to friends
Thinking of breaking up
My (21F) Boyfriend (22M) is Lazy and Unambitious
My (21F) best friend (21F) will not communicate with me over us moving an hour away together in less than a month.
Boyfriend’s Dad Hates Women?
[NSFW] We were cuddling on the couch and I [M30] decided to pull it out. My girlfriend [F30} freaked out and slapped me in the eye.
Whats the meaning
Was I GHOSTED?? He hasn’t replied to my message in 2 days - what should I message him to find out (if ghosted or something wrong)
I [21F] am uncomfortable with my former classmate [23M]; I think he's obsessed with me, but we were never a thing...I'm super creeped out at this point. Should I block him?
Help support me. Let’s unite. You’re not alone
Feeling humble. Help me on this journey. Too many people are suffering alone. Let’s unit. You’re not alone
What should I do about my thoughts about Women?
Boyfriend’s Dad Hates Women
Thinking of leaving
[NSFW] We were cuddling on the couch and I decided to pull it out. My girlfriend freaked out and slapped me in the eye.
How do I [20F] stop seeing people in a very Black or White way?
How do I [20F] stop seeing people as Good or Bad?
Me (M 32) has just found out my wife (26) is emotionally cheating on me with a prisoner from another country advice on what to do appreciated.
any advice?
What is a mature response?
I (21f) found my boyfriend (28m) with his female friend (25f) kind of hitting on him and now I'm not sure what to do. She was taking care of him.
I (19 m) broke up with a girl (19 f) but dont want it to end there
What does it mean when this guy(22M) moves away from me(22F) while sitting on the couch?
I [21F] am uncomfortable with my former classmate [23M]; I think he's obsessed with me, but we were never a thing...I'm super creeped out at this point. Should I block him?
GHOSTED? What to message after 2 days? HELP ME ASAP I want to reply now before it’s been too long
A guy (22M) moved away from me (22F) while both on the couch?
My best friend is emotionally abusing her partner and won't let him leave
My[M25] Friend[F23] That I used to have a thing for, stopped talking to me and I don't know why?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet. What should I do?
I am worried my friend [26M] is being influenced by his conservative family into a lifestyle he had been extricating himself from, including marriage.
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet. What should I do?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet.
I (23F)want to a guard dog to protect me from an abusive ex but my husband(26M)doesn't want another dog in the house.
i 19 m broke up with 19 f
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet. What do I do?
Coworker/friend communication habits have me confused.
Is it normal to “have to” shave?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet.
Need advice about a guy I went to school with?? He's creeping me out and I'm pretty sure he's obsessed with me but we were never a thing...
Depressed friend
My husband is very mentally unwell and I live in fear for his health, well-being, and job (M/F, 31, 10 yrs together, 6 yrs married)
Is it normal to “have to” shave?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet.
Phobias, kinks and end of relationships (28f and 29m)
Should I [20 F] stop trying to keep a relationship with my Ex?
My husband is depressed and I am afraid he is going to get fired from his job (31 M/F, 8 years together)
I (f20) am starting to develop feelings for yearlong friend (m20)
My boyfriend 21 has toxic friends and I (21) don’t know what to do, does anyone have tips?
Best mate slept with guy I was interested in
My (27m) boyfriend is very emotional and I (28f) want to scream!
‘Best mate’ slept with my love interest
idk what to do
Every time I look at/think of this boy I get a strange sick feeling
Quick question -kind of TMI
Should i just wait or no
How Do I [22f] deal with a Broken Heart during Quarantine and School?
Husband [21M] likes watching furry porn and loli porn, I [21F] want him to stop.
First hook up since breakup need advice for post-hookup
Every time I look at/think about this boy I get a strange sick feeling
Help husband accusing me of Botox
My boyfriend looked at pictures of naked girls right after we had sex. Is this a bad sign?
Husband m(27) me f(27) is accusing me of getting Botox.
I litterally hit the jackpot today!
Best friend/ex won't answer a simple question
I litterally hit the jackpot today!
My best friend (25m) told me he has feelings for me (22f)
Should I (26F) tell my partner (29M) that I slept with my coworker?
Do I (22F) owe my father (58M) an explaination for why I am cutting contact, or even notice that that is what I am doing, given our relationship?
ME (28M) kissed my (23F) cousin on forehead. Does everyone do this?
My girlfriend’s sexual past bothered me so I ended the relationship
Who has kissed there cousin on the forehead?
Should I (26F) tell my partner (29M) that I slept with my coworker?
I (F23) am sadly in love with my partner (M28), but he still loves his ex.
Suspect that my friend (21F) could be into me (21M), I'd kinda like things to progress but am unsure if I'm reading too much into this?
Advice Needed - Me (27F) found out I was pregnant after breaking up with self-destructive (31M) boyfriend. Now I had a miscarriage and I think he hates me because he won't talk to me." has been removed because:
Was my(21F) reaction insensitive?
Was my reaction insensitive?
I [45m] asked my wife [45f] if she would be willing to repurpose our late daughter’s room. She cried and said that’s not what she wanted. Not sure how to handle this moving forward.
If my boyfriend (18M) of 2 years watches porn when he has a bunch of nudes of me (19F) and stuff, does that mean I'm not good enough for him?
I F25 have been attending EMDR therapy for the past year every 2 weeks. My therapist and I think I should ask my boyfriend M25 of 5 years to come to a session with me to understand our relationship/ his perspective of me better. How do I ask him?
I got a tattoo of his face...
I (23 f) outgrow my best friend( 24 f) of 6 years
My (F/21) bf (M/22) fetishizes lesbians but doesn’t like them if they aren’t “nice to look at”
I [23 f] outgrow my best friend [24 f] of 6 years
I (23M) love my best friend (23F) who’s married
Might have outgrown my best friend
I got a tattoo of my boyfriend's face...
Advice Needed - Me (27F) found out I was pregnant after breaking up with self-destructive (31M) boyfriend. Now I had a miscarriage and I think he hates me because he won't talk to me.
Should I go on this trip to the beach with my gf tomorrow even though her parents hate me?
I (23M) love my best friend (23F) who’s married
How do I [26m] break up with my [25f] co dependant girlfriend
Fighting with my (25m) parents (60+ f,m)
My whole life is depending on my relationship and I'm not happy in my relationship
My (25F) friend (34M) is starting to feel pressured into getting married/starting a family. I’m not sure how to help.
I (22M) am uncomfortable with intimacy and its breaking my heart.
How do I begin to grieve my (28F) relationship with my ex (36M) in a healthy way?
Finally cutting off ties
Me (28F). My BF (25M) doesnt listen to the things I tell him and I dont know what to do at this point.
Suspect that my friend (21F) could be into me (21M), I'd kinda like things to progress but am unsure if I'm reading too much into this?
I’d be awful if I left him
How do I begin to grieve my (28F) relationship with my ex (36M) in a healthy way?
Fighting with my (25m) parents (60+ f,m)
I [18M] feel used by my best friend [23F]
I (22M) am uncomfortable with intimacy and its breaking my heart.
I am a F25, dating my boyfriend M25 for 5 years. I go to EMDR therapy every 2 weeks. My therapist and I agree I should bring him to one of my sessions to understand our relationship better and understand his perspective of me. How do I ask him?
I [M23] found out today that my ex and first love [F20] now has an onlyfans
I love my best friend who’s married
I'm (30m) unsure if I should marry my fiance (28f)
Long Distance Cheating
Would you say this girl (21F) I'm friends with is into me (21M)?
(19M) Extremely weird relationship with my ex gf
I (34f) fucked and fell in love with a rebound boyfriend (of 7 months) (35m) during my lengthy divorce. Yesterday he dumped me out of the blue and I am not handling it well. I'm scared. I could use someone to talk to very badly.
How should I ask politely to my gf to shave her legs?
People who don't have a partner that is not by choice. How do you feel and what suggestions would you give to others?
My (28M) girlfriend (26F) is obsessed with comparing herself
My girlfriend(F19) broke up with me(M18) for being too clingy and attached.
I [F22] need someone else point of view of some personal issues I’m having in my relationship with my [M27] bf of one year.
My girlfriend(F19) broke up with Me(M18) for being too clingy and attached. Is there any way to get her back or am I screwed?
Past toxic friendship affecting relationship
I [F22] feel like I’m too dependent of my [M27] BF and want to learn how to stay positive and patient during our temporary long distance relationship
I (20f) keep having nightmares about my bf (20m) cheating because of something he did a year a go.
Does autism excuse chasing a sibling with a knife and other cruel behaviour?
My girlfriend(F18) broke up with me(M18) and I want her back.
Date has some wild baggage
I lied to her. Did I do the right thing?
I (20f) keep having nightmares about my bf (19m) cheating because of something he did a year a go
My (28M) girlfriend (25F) is always asking about ranking regarding sex
How do I ask politely to my girlfriend to shave her legs?
My boyfriend’s friend [M24] wants to move in with me [F22] and my boyfriend[M25] and I don’t feel comfortable! Can someone give me an advice or tell me if I am overreacting?
I [29F] don't give and have never given a shit about life and would rather be dead but I stay alive because of all the people that love me
Miss having a female presence in my life.
My [20M] girlfriend [21F] of a year and a half is depressed, what more can I do to help her?
How do I grt my gf back after breaking up with me for being clingy? M(18)
How do I get my gf back after breaking up with me for being clingy? M(18)
I lied to her, Did I do the right thing?
I miss having a female presence in my life
Does my coworker[25M] have feelings for me [22F]?
It's been a minute since me and my friends hang, but I think they are giving me [27M] an intervention.
My GF (F19) broke up with me (M20) during lockdown because of mental health
GF (19) Broke Up with me (M20) during lockdown due to mental health
How do I (25F) stop being jealous of my friend (23F) because she is spending all her time with her crush (~30M)
How to I (25F) feel less horrible that my friend (23F) has stopped seeing me to only spend time with a guy (~30M) she likes?
I shared my GF with another guy
I can't leave a loveless relationship.
I [31F] told the guy I am spending time with [33M] that it upsets me that he doesn’t want to see me if I am having a bad day and he flipped out.
I shared my girlfriend with a friend
I (22f) don't know if I was sexually assaulted.
Am I [27/f] wrong for not wanting to be around my siblings and mother anymore??
I (18f) think my 3 month boyfriend (19m) is trying to hard to become close to my friends. Should I say something?
Need help with right/wrong opinion (F24)
Help! My boyfriend’s friend wants to move in with us!
Me [26 F] my Ex [29M] Sent me a gift and wants to meet up
My (25F) partner (26M) is obsessed with painting and I’m worried about his mental health.
Trust issues
Lost a friend over their marriage issues
MY (18F) 3 MONTH BOYFRIEND (19M) IS GETTING TO CLOSE TO MY FRIENDS. SHOULD I SAY SOMETHING?
Single dad needs adult time
Family issues
Is Tinder guy (M 24) playing games on me (F 24)? Am I wrong for wanting to flake on him?
Is Tinder guy (M 24) playing games on me (F 24)? Am I wrong for wanting to flake on him?
I (22F) think I found my uncle (60’s?M) who I haven’t seen in 10yrs. I want to reach out but don’t want to hurt my aunt.
Need help with right/wrong opinion
I don’t want to be the girl who misses all the red flags
how do u get over a heartbreak
My (19F) boyfriend's (22M) political beliefs turn me off
My (18f) boyfriend (19m) is getting to close to my friends
I'm (19F) turned off by my boyfriend's (21M) political views
I don’t want to be the girl who missed all the red flags
Rematch w a guy on Tinder. Wednesday I ask him when he's free this week so we meetup. He says he needs to check with his pals b/c plans. Friday (today) he contacts me & informs me that they decided to execute plans on Sunday. He then suggests we meet next week. Am I wrong for wanting to unmatch him?
Is she (f24) interested in me (m28) or trying to get me to F off?
Heartbroken
F(50) M(50) Did he run away?
(20 f) I’ve been seeing has been texting me (23 m) less and less, it’s causing me to overthink quite a bit.
Girl I’ve been seeing for 3 months has been texting me less and it causes a slight anxiety, am I overthinking?
I don’t think I’ve ever shown my true skin to my “best friend”
I F19 hooked up w a friend M19 who Ive had a crush on for the past year. We got together but now I want nothing to do w him?
I texted my bfs ex gf
I F19 got tgt with my bf M19 about 2 months ago on a trip, but he hasn't texted me for the past month?
I [F23] need help coping with breakup
Girlfriend (26F) accused me (27M) of gaslighting her when I told her I thought she needed therapy.
I just left my girlfriend and I dont know why
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on kik...... Mommy00011
Should I [26M] tell my girlfriend [24F] of 5 years I was flirting with a girl online at the beginning of our relationship?
I've been living a lie for 3 years [26M, 24F]
US boyfriend
I (17M) hate staying in quarantine with my alcoholic father (57M)
Date Yourself First
How can I (f33) get my neighbor (m20s) to stop playing music so I can relax and sleep without coming off as a rude chick?
Men: does my best friend like me?
F(50) M(50) Did he run away?
How can I (f33) ask my neighbors (m20s-30s) to not play music without coming off as a bitch?
Men: does my best friend like me?
Men: does my best friend like me?
Would you take it personally if your boyfriend (or girlfriend) rejected your phone call?
Help. I (36F) pushed my boyfriend(34) of 3 months away because I found out I might have cancer. He never responded. Should I just let him go?
Should I [26M] tell my girlfriend [24F] I was flirting with a girl online at the beginning of our relationship
My (31) boyfriend' s(28) former romantic interest gives me terrible anxiety
How can I ask my neighbors to turn off their music without coming off as a bitch?
How do I (21M) talk to my Dad (53M) more openly about my depression/mental health???
Date Yourself First
I'm a control freak and I hate it
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on kik...... clarah001
Me (22F) and my boyfriend (27M) went to a psychic as a joke but I asked her if he ever cheated on me to see his reaction and now he's mad at me.
Time to nip this in the butt but with who
So my girl practically never sends nudes anymore nsfw
My (15F) sister (13F) broke my controller and is now refusing to pay for it.
Boyfriend said he would get hard during a service
My (25M) girlfriend (24F) is jealous of my roommate (24F)
My (27M) girlfriends(25F) sister(35F) found something on my computer and is trying to intervene on our relationship
I (20, m) can't overcome my anxiety to tell my parents about a relationship.
Redditors that were seperated from their siblings at birth- when you found out about them, did you reach out? Was it worth it?
Moved on but still angry with ex
Redditors that were seperated from their siblings at birth- when you found out about them, did you reach out to them? Was it worth it?
my friends avoiding me
I've (M23) been going around in mental circles for 2.5yrs with my partner (F31)
(M35) Lost on how to end a relationship fairly
I [27F] developed feelings for my fiancé's [38M] younger brother [30M] during quarantine. What should I do?
friends avoiding me
Did I [20F] get conned by this guy [25M]?
my friends avoiding me
I (22f) think I found my uncle (60’s?m) 10yrs after he and my aunt split. I want to reach out, but I don’t want to hurt my aunt.
Me [24f] and my boyfriend [23m]. What to do when the magic is gone?
My boyfriend [29M] has extreme personalities and I [25F] don’t know how to deal with it anymore.
help pleaseee D:
How do I get over pessimism around love from bad breakups?
I think my boyfriend is gay, long post
Me [24F] and my boyfriend [23m]. What do you do when the magic is lost?
My [22M] girlfriend [21F] is mad at me for not inviting her to hang out with my best friend after she acted inappropriately towards him
im confused D: pls help
Lost on how to end relationship fairly
SO(31F) ends our relationship; I (30M) opened Pandora’s text messages making everything worse.
My (32f) boyfriend (31m) keeps suggesting I smell. Today he asked me to wear perfume.
Emotional infidelity
This situation
My ex owes me some money from before we broke up. Why doesn’t he ever message me to let me know he paid me back?
I (20, m) can't overcome my anxiety to tell my parents about a relationship.
I (M28) think there's alot stacked against me in finding a relationship and could really use some input.
Water Tone | Drum Music | Energy Activation | Healing Music | Positive Energy | Calming Music
My ex girlfriend (F 24) broke up with me (M 24) and I want her to feel bad, but Im having second thoughs about it.
im not as happy as i was.
[25f] upset at my mom [65f] for calling me like a retard
Is it worth it dating a self centered guy
Dating a self centered guy?
My boyfriend (27, M) wants more space away from me (23, F) during quarantine.
I think my boyfriend might be gay?
I [19 M] am doubting myself after me and my (now former) gf [20 F] broke up
Should I date a self centered guy
My boyfriend (27, M) wants more alone time from me (23,F) during quarantine.
Can self centered people develops feelings for others
HELP! Boyfriend (24m) just told me (23f) he kissed two girls early in our relationship
Am I [25M] in the wrong for this shouting match with my landlady [60F]?
Matched with a Girl from High School on Tinder
My mom treats me like a 4-6 years old child! I'm 28!! How can I tell her to stop treating me like a very young child politely which will not upset her? I do not want to upset her because when my mom gets upset/mad, she becomes so violent and she attacks violently!
NEED ADVICE. Boyfriend (24m) recently told me (23f) he kissed another girl twice early in our relationship
My (19 F) fiancé (20 M) pranked me and I was so humiliated I threatened to call off the wedding. We don’t know how to move past this.
I (40M) just found out my gf(40F) used to be on Onlyfans 20 years ago.
Boyfriend (M 20) caught messaging other girls on Tinder
Boyfriend constantly asks for money and it's frustrating.
Dealing with a bias with work colleagues. I feel so discouraged and am not as social as I’d like to be. I [33/F] have been working in this office for six months. Colleague [30-ish/M] at the same professional level as me, but staff overtly prefer him and his expertise to me & mine.
Boyfriend caught messaging other girls on Tinder
Boyfriend caught messaging girls on tinder
My ex (26M) broke up with me (23F) because he's depressed. I can't move on.
My ex (26M) broke up with me (23F) because his depression is so heavy. I don't know how to move on.
I feel so disrespected by my fiancé’s prank that I threatened to call off the wedding. I didn’t realize how much I hurt him.
What can I (24M) dating girl (22F) do to keep our dates exciting during a pandemic?
My boy friend verbally abuses me.
My cousin-in-law's mistress is harassing me
I(40M) just found out that my girlfriend(40F) used to be on Onlyfans 20 years ago.
Is it me?
Dating during a pandemic. What can Me (24M) and the girl im seeing (22F) do to keep things exciting?
How to deal with an arrogant friend?
Me [20F] feeling anxious about hanging out with co-workers outside of work
I'm starting to think of my family very differently.
Me [20F] feeling anxious about hanging out with co-workers outside of work
4 months after breaking with girl I knew only from Internet, I still think about her daily
The dang past
What is the name of the thing when people shift blame when you confront them?
The dang past
A past that doesn't go away.
Emotional rollercoaster of a relationship finally ended with me ‘leaving’. How do I move on from such highs and lows.
AITA For Having a Black Friend who is a Bit Anti Cop
[Update] I (27F) posted a few days ago about my first real fight with my BF (25M). Apparently, his philosophy is that he feels apologies don't mean anything because they can't change what happened and therefore he refuses to apologize for hurting my feelings.
My (33F) husband (35M) got really into anime last year and now has developed a full-blown Asian fetish. I’m white. Is this just a phase?
I [20F] can't muster the courage to break up with my boyfriend [19M] of two months.
Best way to meet long distance online friend?
4 months after breaking with girl I knew only from Internet, I still think about her daily
AITA for having a black friend who posts about #defundthepolice while rooming with 2 cops?
My (20M) long distance bf is addicted to video games and very cold and I (F18) don't know what to do about it
What should I do?
I’m (24f) in an LDR marriage and my husband’s (26m) depression is at its worse
I (21M) question myself and my relationship with my completely healthy and good girlfriend(18F). I am from a broken home and have no people to talk about relationships.
My gf cheated with her step dad
Close friend of 10 yrs wanted support, then ghosts. What next?
My (23M) gf (22F) being quite hostile
My girlfriend (F33) of almost four months wants me (M41) to agree to poly relationship
I (19F) have just gotten into my first romantic relationship (1 week ago), and am feeling very inexperienced compared to my boyfriend.
Trusting
I (19F) have recently gotten into my first romantic relationship, and am feeling insecure and inexperienced.
Desperately seeking advice from anyone who's had to go no contact with a parent and lost a relationship with a young sibling as a result... (21F) had to cut contact with mother, now (13M) brother doesn't want a relationship with me/blames me for familial upset and my heart is broken
Gf cheated with her stepdad
Me (F,30) and work colleague (F,30) had a discussion... If you love your someone, does it matter if they’re your ‘type’ or ‘preference’.. and once you love them you wouldn’t change a thing?
My [24F] boyfriend [26M] won’t stop looking at women’s feet
I (21M) come from a broken home. My girlfriend(18F) is completely healthy. I question myself alot if I love her enough.
Sister [16f] recorded my wife [29f] and I [28m] while we were making out. Why did she do this?
I’m 29/f feeling a bit down after going on a date and not hearing back from (34/m)
Girlfriend is talking to me after argument but being a bit weird, distant, avoiding certain questions etc - making me feel very anxious and like she’s not being honest with me
Ghosting and insecurities
I [28M] am in a 4 year relationship with a wonderful [25F] girl, but I'm having increasingly frequent sexual dreams about an abusive ex. Help?
I (27F) posted a few days ago about my first real fight with my BF (25M). Apparently, his philosophy is that he feels apologies don't mean anything because they can't change what happened and therefore he refuses to apologize for hurting my feelings.
I [27F] have been in quarantine at my fiancé's [39M] family's house. Two-year-long relationship. I've fallen in love with his younger brother [30M]. What do I do?
My gf (F33) wants me (M41) to agree to poly relationship
18[F4M] Looking forward for serious relationship 😍
I [30F] keep having cheating dreams about my boyfriend [31M].
Pretty long story, but if you're a person who controls your SO because of your insecurities, maybe you should re-evaluate yourself and try to change that. I need some advice.
My boyfriend verbally abuses me. I am very confused as to what to do.
Did you ever dated someone who doesn’t get it that you have broken up with them and they keep coming back?! (To the point you have to block them on social media and avoid them on the streets)
Not sure if I should end relationship with my father
Pretty long story, but if you're a person who controls your SO because of your insecurities, maybe you should re-evaluate yourself and try to change that. I need some advice.
Sister [16f] my wife [29f] and I [28m] while we were making out. Why did she do this?
Boyfriend being taken advantage of by sister
My (18F) relationship starts to stagnate after 7 months of dating and my boyfriend starts to see me as a friend
I [30F] keep having dreaming I’m cheating on my boyfriend [31M].
My (18F) relationship is stagnating after 7 months and my boyfriend (24M) said he said he felt like he was treating me as a friend. We're taking time to see if we can be together or just friends.
I [28m] am wondering if the only reason my ex [28f] wants to start things up again is that after graduating law school she only makes $22 per hour, she started crying after asking her how much debt she has.
Boyfriend being taken advantage of by sister.
I [28MM] am in a 4 year relationship with a wonderful [25F] girl, but I'm having increasingly frequent sexual dreams about an abusive ex. Help?
My lesbian friend (38F) wants a baby with me (33M)
My boyfriend is being taken advantage of by a family member.
GF (20F) of year and a half dumped me (22M) a month ago. I want a second chance down the line (like 8-10 months from now), and she said she doesn’t want that right now but still wants to talk to me.
Performance Anxiety? (M25) (F20)
My boyfriend verbally abuses me
I (23M) am interested in my colleague (23F) but she seems very insensitive to my feelings.
Performance Anxiety (M25) (F19)
I hooked up with my girlfriend's sister while on a break
[32, F] Does my boyfriend of 3 months [50, M] trying to alter my appearance mean he’s not physically attracted to me?
They say that it takes about 3-6 months to get over a breakup. Is this true? I'm at four years and still not over it.
Moving on ASAP ??
My journey on how to explain my SO the place video games take in my life. It applies to all hobbies.
Performance Anxiety (M25) (F19)
Performance Anxiety
Can you be in a relationship with a woman who has never (and cannot) have an orgasm. How important is sex in a relationship? It's more complicated than that, so please read down below.
Is bad sex a dealbreaker for a relationship? Can it be helped? It's more complicated that this, but that's been what I've been hung up on for a few years now.
How do I (21m) tell my gf (20f) that I’m falling out of love with her?
My boyfriend of one year verbally abuses me, i am very disturbed by it and at the same time do not want to leave him. He loves and respects me so do i? Can you help me with it?
My lesbian friend (38F) wants a baby with me (33M)
I (17F) don’t know what kind of boundaries to set with new roommates (18F,18F,21F)
I'm (25F) the common denominator in all my friendships crumbling
I [21M] don't know how to explain to my friends why I can't drink anymore
I [26/M] started a relationship on Monday with my best friend [22/F] of 6 years, everything is perfect, but are we going too quickly? Need some advice.
I [26/M] started a relationship on Monday with my best friend [22/F] of 6 years, everything is perfect, but are we going too quickly? Need some advice.
I (17F) don’t know what kind of boundaries to set with new roommates (21F, 18F,18F)
My boyfriend of one year verbally abuses me, i am very disturbed by it and at the same time do not want to leave him. He loves and respects me so do i? Can you help me with it?
Husband cheated....
I feel like a terrible girlfriend.
I [30sF] am moving in my boyfriend [30sM], and the anxiety is really settling in!
I feel like a terrible girlfriend.
She’s always busy! Break up?!
My [28M] SO [25F] doesn't want to plan for her future and it's driving us apart. She's waiting for her best friend she no longer hangs out with to decide where she wants to move to first
HELP! [18M] At a cross-road with my 1 Year relationship
PLEASE HELP ME! [18M] At a cross road with my 1 year relationship
How do I [F22] get over the fact that my bf’s [M24] emotional support/bestfriend is his ex girlfriend?
Moving in with my [30s] boyfriend [30s] next week, and the anxiety is settling in!
[18M] At a cross road with my girlfriend of a year.
Should i stay with my boyfriend or not?
How do I (21m) tell my gf (20f) that I just don’t love her anymore?
I(21F) am scared to tell my parents about my relationship because of race
My Father (M64) left my Mother (F64) after 46 years of marriage
Marriage troubles. Am I to blame?
How can I encourage hand hygiene and sneeze etiquette for an older family member?
My dad (65m) just passed away, and I (32f) am furious at my aunt (63f) and him
Dealing with my long term relationship breakup
Telling my fiancee M/30. F /29 parents (whom never liked me) we are engaged at their summer home
My Father left my Mother after 46 years or marriage
Help plz
Friend never stops talking about her boyfriend and I can't escape it
Is the grass greener on the other side? (M20)
It's getting harder and harder to be happy for my partner's successes
Friend never stops talking about her boyfriend and I can't escape it
anyone else’s husband try to help around the house only to make it a bigger pain in the ass than it was before?
My friend group trying to get me to date a friend of a friend, despite me having a girlfriend help
Tl;dr Moving into a place with no cat policy
Advice and encouragement needed
Moving into no-cat policy
Im F[26] seeing a guy M[32] and I’m unsure if I am filling a void or is he really interested?
Boyfriend wants to move into place, but place has no cat policy
She keeps saying busy! Break Up?!
my (19F) boyfriend (21M) of four years has horrible anger issues, and i’m growing tired of it
Looking for girl to become my wife
My girlfriend (23) won’t leave me (24m) alone. I don’t know how to ask for space without coming off as a dick.(2years)
Love languages
Looking for girl to be my wife
Girlfriend’s (18F) past is making me (18M) uncomfortably annoyed idkw
How do I end a friendship?
Advice and encouragement to leave my boyfriend
How do I end a friendship?
I don't like how easily attached I am
Boyfriend never wants anything from me
Need advice and encouragement to leave my boyfriend
I (22M) think my best friend (22F) knows I’m in love with her
Is it too early to move in together?
I’m (F20) convinced my sister-in-law (F28) hates me
Is it too early to move in together?
Should I stay in this relationship?
My ex moved on
Losing family member to extreme religious views...book recommendations?
Hi, I'm Bi and not out but I really like a friend. Please help me.
My husband(36M) and mine(35F) friends bought a home very close to our house. They are very social people and we are introverts
My ex moved on
I become way too attached to anyone who texts me because I’m lonely
IT'S OK TO BE ANGRY
IT'S OK TO BE ANGRY
Ex (24f) Visited Me (33m) In Another State And Ditched Me in Said State
I [32/M] feel like my girlfriend [29/F] is the “type” to cheat, and now we’re long distance. What do I do with that?
Was I wrong to comfort my husband before my child ?
To someone I loved.
AITA here for asking my mother to choose decency over appearance?
My [M25] GF [F25] of 5 years left me during quarantine to be with her family
She was snapchatting this man and told it was a girl
Reaching out for some guidance - I was told to cross post this here as well
My [M21] pregnant gf [F19] ghosted me
My [M25] GF [F25] of 5 years, 3 long distance, left me during quarantine to be with her family
My (27f) boyfriend (30m) admonishes me a lot....am I just being a Sensitive Sally?
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
Dilemma around abusive father, financial dependence and divorce
My [M21] pregnant gf [F19] ghosted me
Long distance relation and video calling
My dad (65m) is dying, and I (32f) am furious at my aunt (63f) and him
Long distance relationship and video calling
PLEASE HELP. My husband (30m) caught me (27f) in a white lie, now thinks everything I've ever said is a lie.
Dilemma around abusive father, financial dependence and divorce
My(27F) fiancé(32M) was inappropriate with his ex. Still having bad gut feelings nearly two years later.
Should I (21M) let my friend (19F) go? Or should I text her?
My(27) fiancé(32) was inappropriate with his ex two years ago. Can’t seem to shake my bad gut feelings.
How can I address my boyfriend’s anger?
How can I approach my boyfriends anger?
How can I address my boyfriends anger?
Should I (21M) let my friend (19F) go? Or should I text her?
NSFW/Triggering (F28) moving back to parents (F58/M65) where I experienced trauma
Never did I think I’d be this corny
Girl is taking step back on relationship
How do I [27M] take back some degree of control in my relationship with my Girlfriend [26F] as i have realized i am not living my life as i would like to be and it's effecting not only my relationship but my health as well.
My bestfriend likes me
Not sure how to deal with clingy friend.. aita?
[26M] Right Person [24F]. Wrong Time.
Should I cut off contact with my niece for being abusive to my brother even if he doesn’t ?
Older brother mad at me for babysitting him
I found my sister watching something innapropriate
Would you date a guy with 5.5 ?
Girlfriend of 5 years wants a break - (22M) advice on long term
Husband’s (mid 30s) close friend (early 30s F) has a problem with me
I asked my gf to send me a selfie of her
I’m (F28) Moving Back To Parents (M65/F58) where I experienced trauma
I (23F) have been trying to talk to my partner (26M) about leaving and he won't have it.
Asking my girlfriend to send me a selfie of her
Would you date a guy with a 5.5 ?
Obsessed with ex cheating 2 years ago
My new theory- people that move very quickly in relationships tend to end things quickly
Obsessed with ex cheating 2 years ago
Girlfriends having these thoughts and i'm not sure what to do.
Unsure how to handle my (38f) relationship with my sister (40sf)
realising im in a toxic relationship
Need advice. Have anxiety and not good at making decisions. What should I do?
Would you date a guy with a 5.5 ?
for the first time feeling angry about a toxic relationship
Condom Collapse
feeling angry for the first time
A tabloid wrote negative and unfair articles about me (31/F) and I can't stop obsessing over it / the authors (M 27, F 40)
Friends’ [20s M/F] advice is toxic?
My dad (65m) is dying, and I (32f) am furious at my aunt (63f) and him
How much insecurity is too much and how long should I put up with it? I [29], Girlfriend [26] relationship of 3 years
My (32F) Dad (64M) is dying, I am still angry at his family (especially 62F)
My SO (M/23) and I (F/23) have been together for 8 years. We argue so much about things that I deem "significant", and it tires me. We live together and I just can't imagine separating our lives at this point. Advice?
My SO (M/23) and I (F/23) have been together for 8 years. We argue so much about things that I deem "significant", and it tires me. We live together and I just can't imagine separating our lives at this point. Advice?
BF(32) added his ex on fb
My SO(23F) forgot my(25M) birthday yesterday...
I (M) 21 broke up with my gf (18)over the facts she lied about her body count in the beginning I’ve our relationship advice/opinions/welcom
My friend (f19) is dating an older man (m56) and I’m scared
How long is too long?
My GF(23F) forgot my(25M) birthday yesterday
My friend (f19) is dating an older man (m56) and I’m scared
I (22M) am forced to stay with my parents (50s) over the summer and its been terrible
9 month relationship ended dishonest body count and most importantly dishonesty
Boyfriend [28/M] ditched me [30/f] for flakey dad
My ex (25m) groomed a child and I (21f) need some advice on how to deal with some feelings post breakup
I (22M) am forced to stay with my parents (50s) over lockdown and it has been the worst months of the year so far.
I’m moving across the country and reached out to my mostly estranged father (27f, 60m)
I'm wish I could stop think about a girl at work
How do I plan a break up meet up?
How do I arrange a break-up meet up?
My Ex (M/28) and I (F/26) have a mutual friend's circle but he refuses to try and stay on good terms with me.
Need advice. Have anxiety and struggle making decisions. What should I do?
Is it selfish to message someone a day after rejecting them?
I found something out about my 11 year old sister
I (24F) feel lost after being with an emotionally unavailable boyfriend (27M)
Help improving our relationship
Help improving our relationship
Is it selfish to message someone I rejected because I regret what I said?
Suddenly overwhelmed w anxiety about my relationship(have been dating 2 years) Am I projecting my anxieties into my relationship?
I found something out about my 11 year old sister
I’m outgrowing this relationship but I have too much to lose, what should I do?
My 23 year old boyfriend texted his friend saying he wants to break up. HELP!
Getting to know girl from neighbor work group?
I think I’ve grown out of this relationship but there’s too much in it to leave. Please help
My (16/M) Ex (16/F) keeps trying to sabotage my relationship with my Girlfriend (15/F)
I think I’m growing out of this relationship but there’s too much unfinished business to leave? Please help
30 Male "seeing" 35 Female
Father (58M) told me to kill myself (23M) about a year ago. Since then I’ve never felt the same and issues between me and him have gotten exponentially worse
My husband and I got in an argument on how to parent our teenager
WIBTA if I staged an intervention against my friend due to her relationship?
My (21M) girlfriend (25F) broke up with me saying she's still in love with her ex.
I (24F) am almost certain my co-worker (31F) is my half sister.
Me (21M) and my girlfriend (21F) have been dating since 6 years but that I am now I feel I am attracted to my best friend.
Me (21M) and my girlfriend (21F) have been dating since 6 years but that I am now I feel I am attracted to my best friend.
My (21M) girlfriend (25F) broke up with me a month ago saying she's still in love with her ex.
I'm a 21y/o male with a ex girlfriend problem
Help apologizing and mending a relationship
am i overreacting
Disagreement on how to parent our kid (17f)
Hello, would you be upset if your Male best-friend had sex with your sister? Why and why not?
Apologizing and mending a relationship.
I (24F) am almost certain my co-worker (31F) is my half sister.
Why do we stay with the people that hurt us?
Secure relationships
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) of 7 years says he no longer finds me attractive. He's right, but it hurts.
Affair got me guilt ridden - What do I do?
Help apologizing and trying to slowly rekindle things.
How do you deal with being friendzoned? I (33f) like my friend (31m) a lot. He's now moving in with me.
I (20F) can't stop feeling like cheating is the norm, and it's really affected how I see relationships.
Just need advice and encouragement I suppose
My [F29] friend [F29] constantly lies about her relationships but then comes to me for support and advice
Spices?
Quarentine love
I was on my way out the door because of the emotional abuse when he told me that he has a drug addiction that isn't entirely his fault. Now I don't know what to do.
I (20F) think I’m being mentally abused by my boyfriend (25M)
My [26m] girlfriend [25f] refuses to cook meat and it's driving me insane
Fiance (28M) wants to end our relationship because I (27F) didn't choose him first.
HOW DO U KNOW SOMEONE CARES ABOUT U?
How does the Snapchat story viewer list order work? Something odd happened with a girl...
How does Snapchat viewer list order work? Something odd happened with a girl
Do I (20F) have another chance with him (21M)?
Why am I always distancing myself from my partner?
Why am I always distancing myself from my partner?
How can I (24,F) hold my ground when breaking up with my BF (22,M)?
I was on my way out the door because of the emotional abuse when he told me he's had a drug problem that isn't entirely his fault. Now I'm not sure what to do.
Is it good or bad if my crush is infatuated with me
My girl (17) banged my fiancé. (18m)
Is infatuation a good thing
I (22 F) just found out that my boyfriend (22 M) has made out with one of his friends 4 years ago, a month before we started dating
Is infatuation good or bad
Is infatuation good or mad
My [23M] girlfriend [20F] wants to break up because she's afraid of making me unhappy.
DO GIRLS HATE DATING GUYS WITH SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/ DISABILITIES?!
My daughter (17) had sex with my fiancé (18m)
I (24F) can't stop thinking about the girl whom my ex cheated on me with. How do I recover?
I messed up, I need an advice. How do I fix this ?
My boyfriend said "I love you, I guess"
My boyfriend is light on his feet, and a really good dancer... And he hates dancing.
I messed up, I need an advice. How do I fix this ?
Is this real friendship or am I (M20) a terrible person?
Wish my bf was who he pretends to be
Different values with partner
I (21f) don't know if I'm overreacting to my home environment.
Different views & values with partner
My 23M husband (we're newlyweds) is being harsh, cold and weird because I will not wear pants in 90 degree weather. I'm 23F
BEST TREKS TO CAPTURE THE SERENE BEAUTY OF HIMALAYAS!!
How can I get best friend’s boyfriend to stop treating me like shit???
Never had one
Do I [M25] have a right to be suspicious of my gf [F24]
Love Fest weekend!
I (18M) seriously lost my temper with my parents (50s) over my baby on the way. They gave me an envelope full of cash and told me to give it to my girlfriend (28F) and they say it’s “abortion money.” I got mad and now they’re kicking me out.
My partner said things that hurt my feelings fully knowing that I'm not capable of handling it yet. (Contains topics of sexual assault allegations)
Guilt
This Is Us series
[19/f] My boyfriend (20/m) told he has a fetish for belly buttons and i don't know what to do at all.
Partner (19nb) left me (21f) today and I just feel empty inside...
This Is Us
Unrequited love is a b*t h
Unrequited love is a b*tch
Is the grass greener on the other side? (M20)
Rommate slowly taking over the apartment
Roommate is slowly taking over the apartment
I feel like a dirty secret
Think I have been bi-curious for at least the last 6 years. But I think it will cause my husband to see me differently, and may cause him to want a divorce... and I don’t know what to do.
I (27M) only talk about feelings and problem to girls I date or exes.
I (27M) can only talk about my feelings with ex girlfriends
Husband’s (mid 30s) friend (early 30s F) has a problem with me
I (m24) dont believe two of my friends/roommates (m24/26) when they say they didnt consider any of our other roommates/friends when planning on moving out (and asking me to keep it a secret)
My 23M husband is saying some seriously confusing and hurtful things to me 23F
As a man the only people I feel comfortable talking about feelings with are my exes
I (M18) have feelings for my friend (F17) that I dont want.
Is it really bad that I know my SO's passwords?
How can I (17F) get my brother (21M) to leave me alone. Am I being too mean towards him?
I (25M) don’t know what a relationship is
I desperately want to have a relationship with a couple.
I’m still in love with an ex and I just don’t know how to handle it anymore.
Should I be worried about my BF?
Am I (18M) wrong to feel upset with my GF (21F)
I (M23) Don't Know How I Feel About Fiance (F23) After She Broke Up With Me Once Before
Cheating husband [36M] coming home tomorrow. What should I [38F] do and how should I deal with Father's Day?
Cheating husband [36M] comes home tomorrow, a day early. How should I [38F] act and what should I do about Father's Day?
Am I (18M) wrong for being upset with my GF (21F)
My [25M] brother [28M] still lives at home and is making our parents’ lives hell [65M][66F]
My (23F) best friend (26M) is ripping our friend group apart and isolating me. Please help
Did I make a mistake not giving him space
My [25M] brother [28M] still lives at home and is making my parents lives’ hell [both 65]
My girlfriend [F31] doesn't seem comfortable around me [M34] when having sex
20[f4m] my ex is very bad guy i wanna new horney bf
I (25M) don’t know what a relationship is
How can I mend the shattered trust after I (23F) went behind my boyfriend's (26M) back to block his abusive mother on his social media/Cashapp accounts?
I [27M] feel like my girlf [27F] is punishing me for the same single mistake over and over and it’s draining me
Choices
Stupidly fell in love with my best friend
Girl who cheated
My [21M] younger brother [15M] is turning into a surly asshole, am I'm not sure what to do about it
Stupidly fell in love with my best friend
Confused
Having trouble with music taste with my BF
Dad sexually assaulted a young girl
BF said he added ex on Facebook bc he was mad at me
Sibling rivalry. What do I(29M) do about the fact that my sister (31F) has convinced our father ( 66 M) to only give her substantial money gifts and expensive items each year?
How is dating (or not dating) during quarantine going for everyone?
Cheating beloved girlfriend.
I (20 F) found my boyfriend (22 M) on Tinder?
Dad cut off me and my sister. I feel like my life is ruined.
I feel like I can’t be in the same house as my step dad anymore. Please help.
My not-really-an-ex just confessed his feelings for me in the same conversation as he told me he’s seeing someone else, 2 months before I move away for school. Why? And what the hell am I supposed to do with it?
A stand still between me and my bf
My coach's girlfriend and I are in love
Avoidant Attachment Style
I (F/19) don't know if it's time to break off myself relationship with my boyfriend (M/19).
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) told me he had sex with a 13yr old when he was 18 and i dont know how to feel
Avoidant Attachment Style
My ex [19f] and me [19M] have a baby together and we recently broke up and now she’s talking about time bwcaude I love her but she’s sending me mixed signals, what do I do?
I [34F] am not sure if I should breakup with my boyfriend [36M] of 1 year or if that is just running away from my problems
My ex [19] and me [19] are having some issues with time and mixed signals that I don’t know what should I do, I feel so lost
My (17M) best friend (17F) has just confessed to me that she is in love with me and I do not know what to do.
How to break up with someone you live with?
I need help, or guidance at least
I feel like I can’t be at home anymore because of my parents. I don’t want to be here anymore. Please help.
I (19F) don't wanna be friends anymore with my friend (19F) but we're in the same friend group
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) told me that he had sex with a 13 yr old when he was 18. I dont know how to feel.
My [52m] wife [50f] needs a long time to get out of "mommy mode" and in the mood for intimacy.
My (21 M) boyfriend tried to handcuff himself to me (20 F)
He[25M] cheated on her[23F] with me[23F], but should I tell her?
What are his (27M) intentions? And how do I(25F) communicate my boundaries?
Extreme insecurity is destroying me inside out and I’m afraid it will spill into my relationship.
I [22M] have found myself constantly questioning “why am I doing this” with my girlfriend [21F]
My girlfriend (28F) is disappointed that I (25M) am not BFF's with her friends. What can I do?
My wife [25/F] married for 1 year wants me to send the nudes I [25/M] have of her and send them bc she wants to compare what she looked like back then.
Me [32/F] with my parents [early 60sM/F] - relationship after retirement and/or moving away. Happy for them, but I feel lost/confused despite everything going well?
My girlfriend (28F) is disappointed that I (25M) am not BFF's with her friends. What can I do?
My Wife (25/F) wants me to send her nudes of herself that she's taken for me (25/M).
Am I right to feel unwanted in my relationship? Help!
I need help boosting my girlfriends self esteem.
My wife wants me to send her nudes of herself bc she somehow lost them.
My (35f) husband (36m) requested a specific gift (a fancy telescope) for Christmas....now he says it's up to me to figure it out/set it up.
I can't keep working with my best friend but I don't want to ruin our relationship
I need help
working with a ex
My boyfriend (23) came home drunk today
Mom never got the partner/husband she deserved in life
How do I (F27) become more comfortable around my boyfriend (M29)
I can't keep working with a friend but I don't want to ruin our relationship
How do I (28m) tell my boyfriend (27m) I have been tasked with a last minute deployment?
Family is falling apart. Nothing is the same since I left for University
23 [m] confused after boyfriend admits he has feelings for a girl.
How do I (28m) tel my boyfriend (27m) I got tasked for a last minute deployment?
23 [m] confused after boyfriend told me he still has feeling for a girl.
working with a ex
(F 25) To the men who cheated on their women that they “loved”, had a deep connection with, etc. did you ever feel bad?
I’m sad about a relationship ending and I just can’t get over it...
Looking for the one
One and only
Taking a break in LDR.
F [27] to the men who cheated on someone they “loved”, had a deep connection with, etc. did you ever feel bad about what you’ve done?
I can't keep working with my best friend but I don't want to ruin our relationship
To the men who cheated on a girl they “love”, had a deep connection with, etc. Did you ever feel bad?
My (35f) husband (37m) frequently insults my dad (65m) and I'm getting sick of it
He [25M] cheated on her [23F] with me[23F], but should I tell her?
working with a ex
My [20M] girlfriend [21F] of a year and a half is depressed, what more can I do to help her?
Maybe i don't deserve being loved.
My [20M] girlfriend [21F] of a year and a half is depressed, what more can I do to help her?
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) has been no help.
How do I (24f) tell my boyfriend (30m) he needs to be healthier and loose weight?
working with your ex
What does it mean if a guy (21 M) mirrored my (20 F) actions?
I [23/M] do not love my mother [54/F]. Will this affect my life in a negative way?
what does it mean if a guy copies you?
I can’t forgive my(28)7y bf (26) for not proposing me knowing my wishes and feeling my expectations all these years....
Do I tell my coworker I like him?
I [23/M] do not love my mother [54/F]. How will this affect me later in life?
Will I ever meet him again?
I (18F) don’t think my (19M) boyfriend is sexually attracted to me anymore.
I (18F) don’t think my (19M) boyfriend is sexually attracted to me anymore.
Was it the right decision?
I don’t think my boyfriend is sexually attracted to me anymore.
I [24/M] feel like I lost the closeness to all my friends
I need help if she is catfishing me or not
I [24/M] feel like I lost the closeness to all my friendships
Moms: What do you or your SO do to get you out of "mommy mode" and in the mood for intimacy.
Toxic parents
Feelings for best friend getting stronger
I never knew I could love someone so deeply. And now he's gone.
I don't know how to explain why I have fallen out of love to my Ex
I don’t know why I’m hurting over this breakup
Idk if she’s catfishing me or not
How can I tell if he just wants attention or has feelings
lost the closeness to all my friendships
I (25f) feel like my relationship with my husband (26m) is over, but I feel guilty for it.
K, so I had a 36-hr panic attack end abt 12-hrs ago, and during that time, I texted the person I am supposed to meet this weekend 14-15 times w/ only two responses. I sometimes struggle w/ social queues, hence the question: "Do I come off as creepy?"
Should I (17F) break up with my boyfriend (17M) because my parents are strict?
Battling insecurities in friendship
Should I (17F) break up with my boyfriend (17M) because my parents are strict?
My [28F] sister's [32F] dangerous behavior online worries me
Battling insecurities in friendship
How do you explain falling out of love with someone who deeply loves you?
I (24m) miss my ex (25f) and want to check in on her, but I don't want my gf (24f) to get upset
Can't Stop Thinking About Going Nuclear On My Marriage
Is it bad to block an ex you ended on good terms with
Insult or what?
My (26F) Best friend (29M) doesn't want to confirm weekend plans in case something better comes up
I (29m) feel suffocated by my depressed girlfriend (25f)
How should I confront my girlfriend about her not disclosing that she has herpes?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My girlfriend (F18) Me (m18) i’m having mixed emotions about our relationship and don’t really know what to do.
I [M 20] am afraid of asking my friend [F 20] on a date because I don't want to ruin the friendship should she reject me.
Am I [F20] missing out only dating one guy[M27]?
My (26F) Best friend (29M) doesn't want to confirm weekend plans in case something better comes up
Can a poll be posted?
Male 17 female 17 7 months
Relationship advice
I [19M] feel detached from myself and other people such as my brother, mother and father [21M, 55M, 54F]
I have a serious question and would like help
How do I stop beating myself up for mistakes I made post break up.
how do i stop going down the 'what ifs' path
I[M] Afraid of asking a [F]riend (known her for a year) out but I'm afraid of doing so because I think it'll ruin the friendship should it fail.
I have a serious question and would like help
The amount of technology my (22F) boyfriend (21M) has worries me, am I overreacting?
Need a second.. or third opinion!
My (40M) girlfriend (27F) of 6 years wants to go away to work in another country.
How do I (28f) stop my (23) sister from manipulating my parents
My moms [63F] issues with my [34F] parenting decisions.
I woke up to her crying.
I Want To Poke Him Just To Make Sure He’s Real
lithromantic
My long term boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been fighting most of this week and I need an outside opinion or maybe some advice. Thanks in advance 💕
My best friend (25m) told me he has feelings for me (22f)
Need advice: my girlfriend of 6 years just told me that in around 6-8 months it’s very likely that she will have to go work in another country.
Send help! My boyfriend says my taste makes him lose his erection!
I (21F) have been fighting with my boyfriend (21M) for like 5 days and I need some advice
My moms [63F] issues with my [34F] parenting decisions
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) emotionally cheated on me, denies the intent, and wants to win me back. Would it be ridiculous if I gave him the chance to prove himself?
Should I(17f)ghost him (18m)knowing he won’t return feelings or is that immature?
Calling all men and women: a conversation on vaginas and orgasms
I’m Jealous
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) emotionally cheated (but he denies intent). Is this relationship even worth saving? Will I be stupid for still wanting to fix it? Why did this have to happen to me?
Friend doxs me, and I have no idea what to do.
How should I approach my GF after finding out she has herpes?
Should I (17f)ghost him(18m) knowing he wrong return feelings or is that immature?
Should I ghost him knowing he won’t return feelings or is that immature ?
Why do my [M] brother [M] and my mum’s boyfriend [M] close to me say these kind of things?
At a loss
My partner (M26) sat me (F25) down to have an informal engagement talk. Feeling confused and need advice.
My partner (M26) sat me (F25) down to have an informal engagement talk.
I don't want to feel like I am being toxic, how do I move past this?
Why do people say these things to me?
Trying to understand my (19F) husband’s (26M) breeding fetish.
I (21F) feel like my gf (21F) isn't over her ex
I (21F) feel like my gf (21F) isn't over her ex
the guy (33M) I’ve (22F) has a crush on for years is engaged
My [29F] husband [30M] downloaded Tinder while on business trips.
I (21F) feel like my gf (21F) isn't over her ex
Me [24 F] with my father/stepsister/stepmother [55/33/55] , not knowing what to do about already strained relationship after not being invited to my grandfathers funeral.
I’m jealous
Abusive Father posted on AITA without my consent and lied the whole way through.
Lessons learned from finally letting go of unrequited love.
My abusive father lied about a pat he posted on AITA
I think my friend (30/m) has an emotionally abusive girlfriend (30/f), but he doesn’t see it that way.
Person (24F) I was seeing broke up with me (26M), said she wants to be friends, is a bad idea to ask about it?
Lessons learned after finally letting go of unrequited love.
My [19M] boyfriend [18M] takes video games way too seriously and I don't know how to help him.
Not sure if this is the right thread but here goes
My (39 M) daughter (14 F) is jealous of my new wife (27 F) and uses feminism as a tool to be rude to her. I'm at the point where I want to ban her from discussing feminism, but I know that would backfire.
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) wants to claim a hall pass because I once had sex with a guy when we were on a break.
Ended 5½ year friendship
Relationship advice when going away
Went through my(23F) boyfriends(23M) phone, found something I don’t like? Now what!
Help with relationship
Advice with relationship
I don't know if I was assaulted?
Guy friend is being rude or is it just me?
Why is my ex such a nasty cow?
Help with relationship
Do I stay or do I go?
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) wants to claim a hall pass because I once had sex with a guy when we were on a break.
GF (18F) broke up with me (21M) because she lost the spark and deep natural connection.
Help!
How do I tell my parents I’m moving out?
GF (18F) broke up with me (21M) because she lost the spark and deep natural connection.
ASAP; Is it me [F22] who is the main issue or my boyfriend [M22]
How do I tell my parents I’m moving out?
I went through my(23F) boyfriends(23M) phone, found something I don’t like? Now what
Anxious-avoidant (me 25/f) meets Avoidant (29/m)
My (30/F) friend (32/F) of five years didn't invite me to her now-postponed wedding and I'm still confused.
My (M25) world feels like it's falling apart and my GF (F26) isn't making it any better.
I’m (M23) moving in with my girlfriend (F23) and my best friend (M24) isn’t happy
My teacher made me (12F) break up with my boyfriend (12M)
Bf (m26) of 7 years have broken my heart not proposing me (f28)while he knew my wishes. Can’t deal with the Resentful
28 M Still Single. Need some tips to ask out a girl.
My world feels like it's falling apart and my GF isn't making it any better.
Need some advice on how to handle tonights talk with boyfriend.
28 n still single
28 n Single
I (m26) am regretting doing no contact with my ex girlfriend (f23)
Me(20M) and this girl(18F) with different views on attraction in a relationship
My cousins fiances mistress is ruining my life
I (m26) am regretting no contact with my ex (f23)
Relationship between 19M and 16F
i (F 25) found my bfs (M 34) reddit and found that he’s just commenting not the most respectful shit on nsfw tiktoks. i’m conflicted because i feel upset because it does not reflect my values and i feel shameful for being upset about it, and i’m also insecure right now.
Has anyone had a positive outcome from couples therapy?
Separating from my (39f) abusive, addict husband (39m), should I disclose to my in-laws about his addiction?
How do I(25f) know his(27M) intentions? and how do I set my boundaries?
I do not know if I made the right choice
My (17f) two friends (17f and 17m) were cheated on by the same person and now the two of them are fighting and I don't know what to do
My (17f) two friends (17f and 17m) were cheated on by the same person and now the two of them are fighting and I don't know what to do
I (F22) am having troubles getting over my ex (M22) - 1 year relationship
My friends were cheated on by the same person, and now they keep fighting with each other, and I don't know what to do
found my bfs reddit and i’m not too happy about what i saw. he’s commenting on nsfw posts from tiktok and it’s not very respectful shit... i feel shameful for feeling upset about this but also conflicted because it doesn’t align with my values
Life and Love
How to ask my fiancée to rein in the criticism?
I (26m) got kidnapped. The kidnapper left some of his belongings in my back pack, which included woman's accessories. Now my SO (28f) doesn't trust me.
My [35f] husband [38m] has weaponized "not having expectations" in our marriage.
I (26M) want to see this girl (23F) who im falling for but said she’s busy this week. When does the double text get annoying?
Separating from abusive drug addict husband, should I disclose to my In-laws?
Me (26M) and my GF (20F) came to a breaking point
Problems with my Girlfriend HELP!!
My [26f] fiance's [36m] mom [70] was diagnosed with cancer. How can I help him cope during the global pandemic?
I (26M) want to hang with someone (23F) but she said she’s busy this week. Ladies, is it annoying to hit her up to see if shes free?
how do i deal with being in love with my friend’s ex girlfriend
how do i deal with being in love with my friend’s ex girlfriend
Having Some Problems With My Girlfriend and I Need ADVICE!!
Me and (27 F) BF (29 M) came back from vacation and it was an emotional rollercoaster.
How do you know it’s time to let go of someone? Leave a relationship?
Should I[27M] tell my friend [23F] that I like her?
I (30M) had some (consensual) pics of my GF (30F) half naked on an app on my computer - she asked me to delete, I did but the pics are still stored in hundreds of backups.
I feel like I'm in a toxic relationship
I F(22) am having troubles getting over my ex (M22)
My boyfriend (27m) and I (23f) are really lacking communication and it’s making me so frustrated I don’t know what to do and he’s also depressed.
Boyfriend barely talking to me (21f) in quarantine
I (23f) am so frustrated with my boyfriend (27m) and I’s lack of communication I don’t know what to do
Boyfriend barely talking to me (21f) during quarantine
Roommate and I have put in lot of work and money to build our home gym. Other roommate constantly uses our equipment without offering to pay. Can we ask him for money?
My [35f] husband [38m] has weaponized "not having expectations" in our marriage.
I (26M) have a partner with depression(26F) and I'm exhausted..
Completely destroyed my girlfriend’s parent’s only bathroom.
My (23f) friend (22m) and I have been sleeping together. He admitted feelings but changed his mind. Having a hard time moving on.
My [27f] fiance [35M] mother [70] was diagnosed with cancer and I do not know how to help him.
(Update) My BF Agreed to Therapy
Lost all respect for my friend, feeling completely disassociated. F23 & f26
Should I [22/f] tell him I kissed another guy?
Me 35(M) worried he's being gaslighted by 27(F) he is in love with
Completely destroyed my girlfriend’s parent’s only bathroom.
want to get on the same page as gf
I (21/f) made lighthearted incestual joke to my mom about my uncle (29/m) and aunt (31/f) (my father younger siblings) and it later caused fight between my father and uncle. What should i do, should i talk with my father and apologize ?
My (23f) friend (22m) and I have been sleeping together. He admitted feelings and then changed his mind. Having a hard time moving on.
Would you settle if it meant not being alone?
My best friend (18f w 18m) is in an extremely toxic relationship and will not let me help her.
Me (35M) worried that I'm being gaslighted by my friend (27F) that I fell in love with?
I (21F) am planning on having a distance hangout in my garden on Saturday. Two people (21M and 23F) that I deliberately did not invite are planning on showing up, what do I do?
My BF Agreed to Therapy
I miss my best friend, am I being ridiculous or should I reach out and how?
Why isnt my (25f) husband (26m) interested in seeing his son? Is it my fault ?
Boyfriends (m23) family don't want me (f22) at family BBQ this weekend.
I really miss my best friend, am I just being ridiculous?
Help! Substance abuse and drugs! TLDR at the top
My BF Got Therapy (Update)
pushed guy away because I might have cancer...
Need Advice - My Girlfriend Gave her Daughter Up for Adoption and I am not sure how to make sense of it.
Redflags in a relationship[21/M][20/F]
How to tell someone they have PPD?
I was stood up and possibly lied to by my friend
How to tell someone they have PPD?
I’m [M/18] currently texting a girl [F/16] from Thailand and I want to talk to her more. How do I not screw things up with her?
Is this a painful lack of effort from my boyfriend and is it reasonable to try and change it?
infidelity suspect: I really don't know what happens
He (24M) never loved me (24F) so why am I so upset over our break up?
How do you deal with S/O that does drugs?
How do you deal with a S/O that does drugs?
Broke up with boyfriend and we live together. Help?
Is it wrong that I (19m) talked to a 16 y/o F?
Boyfriends (m23) family doesn't want me (f22) at BBQ this weekend
Doomed to never find love M[32]?
M(26) f(29) need help in being a better partner. We aren’t together yet but I hope we will be soon
Sharing Expenses During Pandemic -- Temporary Cohabitation: Me (45/M), She (45/F), 2 Years
I 'm feeling something weird about me...
Need advice on being a better partner(lots of stuff involved) m(26) f(29)
Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend (Repost with new info)
Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend (Repost with Update)
Need Advice - my Girlfriend gave her Daughter up for adoption, and I am not sure how to process that
Is it weird for a 19 and a 16 y/o to talk?
My Girlfriend Placed her Daughter For Adoption
I am 28F, have never been in a relationship, and haven't had sex in 3 years. And I'm feeling it.
I [27m] am embarrassingly infatuated by girlfriend’s [23F] drinking. Trying to tell her.
Doomed to never find love M[32]?
My(25m) gf(22) had a 3way relationship with her best friend and bf but wants us all to hang out.
Sharing Expenses During Pandemic -- Temporary Cohabitation: Me (45/M), She (45/F)
Ugh. I didn't want to make this post. But I am 28F and never been in a relationship, and I'm really feeling it.
Boyfriend can’t seem to be loving without me telling him to be
Boyfriends (m23) family doesn't want me (f22) at fathers day BBQ
Should I(31F) take my ex(32M) off child support so that he can stop harassing me and trying to make me feel guilty?
My [24 f] boyfriend [24 m] decided to move with me for medical school and now he’s in a quarter-life crisis
Wife wants a 3rd job. I think its a bad idea.
Wife (F31) wants 3rd job. I (M28) think its too much.
Kissing in the bed without having sex
Wife wants to work a 3rd job, i think its too much.
My boyfriend bans me from using anything of his after a fight
I [18F] am looking for a [M]
I’m 26 female and I’m in love with a 45 year old male
Sharing Expenses During Pandemic: Temporary Cohabitation
Am i overreacting??
Am i overreacting??
Am I too sensitive? Sensitive in another way... General relationships question
I [28f] Worry About My Generation
Me (f/24) and my bf (M/24) care about each other but are way too different
I (26F) have a date (26M) tonight but he hasn’t confirmed yet. How many hours in advance would you expect your date to confirm?
I [28f] Worry About My Generation
Boyfriend can’t seem to be loving without me telling him to be
I (23F) Realized my boyfriend(25M) Was my online stalker. Should I stay with him?
Worried for my alcoholic mother/parents and don't know what to do [28F + 59F/60M]
My bf bans me from using anything of his after a fight
Affection, 21 M, 20 G
Affection, age 21 (M) and 20 (G)
Affection
My (38M) girlfriend (37F) is having issues with kids from previous marriage
How did you meet your SO?
My [26/M] ex [26/F] hacked my wifes google account and is texting me using her phone number somehow..? Pic inside
I want to date someone other than my (15M)BF?
I [27/M] misspelled her [27/F] name and she is pissed to the point she is accusing me of cheating on her
Girlfriend started feeling down, then stopped communicating
I’m trying to go NC so that my ex and I can actually get back together (both 21). But all he sees is rejection.. and he tells me that he hates me for making him love me..
I [27/M] misspelled her [27/F] name and she is pissed to the point she is accusing me of cheating on her
Did I (20M) do the right thing by dumping my gf (19F) because she was fat and too lazy?
My (18F) mother (51F) won't stop talking about my personal life.
Help! Substance Abuse and Drugs (22f dating 22m)
When you finally realize that love isn't really everything
Ending a 5½ year friendship and it sucks
Did I (20M) do the right thing by dumping my gf (19F) because she was getting too fat and lazy?
Husband is angry with the couple that I'm a surrogate for.
I (23F) have suddenly been thinking, why is incest looked down upon? Like what's the actual logic (just random wondering, don't be offended)
UPDATE: Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend
I’m [18m] visiting my cousin [16f] and her parents. She’s likely creeped out by me because I used to tell her mean and creepy things when we were younger. Should I apologize or stay out of her way?
(33F) Odd communication issue with my (27M) boyfriend
Need someone who is really ready to for relationship leading to marriage one day .someone who is highly committed .text me through my hangout Joycedrobinson74@gmail.com
Best movies to loath in for your crush.
Is it normal for a bf to get off to girls he knows or exes?
Relationship with my (23F) boyfriend (27M) making me ill - what should I do?
How would you tell a friend whom you have a solid friendship with for over six years that you have feelings for her?
Whenever I ask husband to do a task, he asks so many questions I may as well do it myself. Then he gets mad when I get annoyed by this.
My (24M) girlfriend is pestering me (24F) for sex and she is not being herself and its making me worried
Corona times
Me [48 M] with my wife [49 F] 10 Years, how do I make her accept me wearing panties
Anyone want to help me take my fiancé to Bali for our honeymoon?
I (20F) had a breakdown after my parents (50F/51M) wouldn't give me proper reason behind why they wouldn't let me move to a different house
girlfriend insecure over my personality
Ex-GF wants to set me up with someone
My (29m) roommate's (28m) GF (24f) is staying at our place too much
My parents love my twin more than me/ is it messed up my dad has me give my twin money when he doesn’t
LDR GF (F/29) Rich Guy Friend (M/30) - How should I interpret this?
My parents love my twin more than me/ is it messed up my dad is having me give my brother money when he doesn’t
I [27M] consistently doubt the strength of my relationship [2 yrs] because of Reddit
I [27M] consistently doubt the strength of my relationship [2 yrs]
I (20f) want to reconnect with my cousin (25?f) but we haven't seen each other in 10 years because our parents hate each other.
My parents love my twin more than me; is it messed up my parents have my giving money to my twin rn?
TL/ DR; what’s wrong with my gf
I consistently doubt the strength of my relationship because of Reddit
How can I [F27] navigate "renting" a room from my best friend [F28]?
How do I reconcile with my stepmother for the sake of the family?
I [20F] want to tell my boyfriend [21M] of two years I want to move out of our shared house
Anxious-avoidant (me 25/f) meets Avoidant (29/m)
Just was wondering...?
During a fight I (28/m) told my younger sister (26/f) that i love my older sister (29/f) more then her. Should i apologize, would my apology even matter anything ?
Anxious-avoidant (me 25/f) meets Avoidant (29/m) - kind of long, sorry
constant struggle to commit (26f)
constant struggle to commit
Literally everything from the past few months has me (34M) asking myself if this is even worth it anymore. I feel empty, I can’t do it anymore. I’m done.
what’s wrong with my girlfriend?
How do I (23F) tell my boyfriend (24) to save his money so we can move in together?
Lie about unprotected sex
HAVE YOU EVER MET SOMEONE AND WISHED THAT YOU MET THEM LATER IN LIFE??
(27/f) My friend(24/f) has given me the silent treatment for a month and is now reaching back out, but I’m on the fence about it and need guidance
Extremely toxic sister in law
I [26] think I’m the toxic one in relationships and I don’t know how to change
My boyfriend [31M] hates that I [29F] like to walk off when I’m angry or when he snaps at me. I also hate that he likes to hind in his room all day when we argue. What should I do to make our relationship better?
Deceased military uncle and questions about niece causing upset
Should I (28 F) keep waiting for a married man (42) to get a divorce
Long winded military post (uncle and niece)
I’m lost and don’t know what to do
My boyfriend hates that I like to walk off when I’m angry or when he snaps at me. I also hate that he likes to hind in his room all day when we argue.
Lie about unprotected sex
Should I break up with my gf?
I [26] think I’m the toxic one in relationships and I’m not sure how to change
What to do with this girl
Should I break up with my gf?
My [22/f] bf is really depressed. What should I do?
My parents love my twin more than me
Can i (M/27) as a gay man have a straight life
I'm gay, and i just want a straight life
Both myself (M25) and my ex (F25) want to be close friends...is it normal for everything to be the same though minus the physical intimacy of a relationship?
I (40f) somehow still want him (41m) and am STILL devastated by his infidelity over a year later despite the fact that he really sucks.
How do I (19F) support my bf (19M) when he doesn't know what he wants to do with his life?
How do you move on?
My bf [21/m] is really depressed and I feel bad. What should I do?
How do I (19F) support my bf (19M) when he doesn't know what he wants to do with his life?
My dad (64M) offered you get an apartment for him and I (22M) for the fall while I’m not in school and I’m not sure if it’s the right thing to do as I don’t want to hurt my mom (53F)
My teacher made me break up with my boyfriend
Jealous of ex and my friend
V sad gal
Fixing it - would this drive you over the edge?
My husband (29M) recently made a new friend (F). What should I (28F) look out for?
I (25/F) always feel superior to my BF (25/M)
How to do I (23M) move on from what I thought was the love of my life (20F)
How can I (25F) win back a guy (27M) after we split because he was struggling with his anxiety?
help.
I (28F) am having issues with my BF(30M) who lacks ambition.
Mom went with new family to the beach for the weekend
My (26M) Girlfriend (25F) saw some pictures on Facebook of me and my ex, she’s feeling down. Advice?
My BF (28) wants me (28F) to be a "strong person"
My (26F) boyfriend (24M) acts very differently outside of our house... less affectionate
I (28F) am having issues with my BF(30M) being unmotivated in his personal life.
What do I (25F) text him (27M) to get him back.
I (m40) feeling super guilty after realizing I lead my now ex gf (f36) on unintentionally for 6 months
i love my boyfriend more than i love myself
My boyfriend’s (20M) stingyness is causing arguments between him and I (20F)
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) talks to his ex regularly and it bothers me. Help? :(
I (18f) said my sis (28f) shouldn't dye her hair darker for her wedding and she's upset, thinking I said she looks ugly..
Going to different colleges
Going to separate colleges
Me [19M] wants to start talking to older Women. (30-70).
i love my boyfriend more than i love myself
Me [19M] is wanting to start talking to a women who is a lot older then me.
Boyfriend made comment about weight
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] wants to save our dying relationship.
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] wants to salvage our broken relationship.
tips on how to talk to mother
My (36/f) husband (35/m) paid for nudes and porn from one person and sent messages telling her how hot she is.
I need ah girlfriend asap🥺
Am I (20F) a fake friend to a girl (21F) I met on bumble ?
I’ve (18f) have fallen out of love with my boyfriend (19m)
Friend (21F) sent new a long message about me (20F) being fake ?
My [M 23] Ex [F 22] is moving back home because of Covid; What should I do?
My girlfriend (17F) broke up with me (18M)
My [M 23] Ex [F 22] is moving home because of Covid; What should I do?
My BF (28) told me (F/26) I'm too friendly with other guys
I (30’sF) said some stuff I regret to an acquaintance, (30’sF) now what?
Is he cheating
GF (F/28) Guy Friend (M/30) - How Should I feel about this?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My [22M] girlfriend [21F] touched me sexually and I couldn't tell her that I didn't want her to
I (30F) emotionally cheated and my girlfriend (28 F) doesn’t trust me anymore. How can I rebuild the trust i violated?
Communication, vulnerability, and love.
Flatting with best friend’s now ex
My (24M) wife (22F) is miserable...
I (M24) am becoming increasingly jealous and insecure over my SO’s (F30) female friend.
Flatting with my best friend’s now ex
My (24M) wife (22F) is miserable...
How to prevent losing emotional connection with someone you spend such little time with?
I (22M) recently remembered a repressed memory/vision of tapping the side of my genitals with my ex-girlfriend's toothbrush around 3 years ago. I immediately told my girlfriend [22F] who is understandably upset and may not be able to see me the same way again.
I (M24) am becoming increasingly jealous and insecure over my SO’s (F30) female friend.
My (23M) gf (22F) of 2 years being dishonest and hostile.
He (20 m) showed up at my (25 m) hosue unannounced
How do I ( F, 20) prevent losing emotional connection to my partner ( M, 22) when spending such little time together?
Me [19M] wants to start talking to 30+ year old females. Is this normal ?
How can I [35M] be there for my baby brother [14M] who was a victim of online grooming
How can I [35M] be there for my baby brother [14M] who was a victim of online grooming
I (22M) recently remembered a repressed memory/vision of tapping the side of my penis with my ex-girlfriend's toothbrush around 3 years ago. I immediately told my girlfriend [22F] who is understandably upset and may not be able to see me the same way again.
Me [19M] wants to start talking to women 30+ is this normal ? is there a community ?
Boyfriend has no time
Me [19M] wants to start talking to older women.
My EX GF is jealous of my Wife and Children
My (20f) and partner (19M) have been dating for 3 years but I feel too young to continue to commit to him
My (20f) and partner (19M) have been dating for 3 years but I feel too young to continue to commit to him
Hi i need advice and help.
My (M35) fiancee (F25) passed away 10 years ago and it's become clear I'm going to spend the rest of my life alone. My family just doesn't understand.
How do I deal with my GF during her PMS??? It's driving me crazy. (M/F 30's)
My (25/F) sister (23/F) has been brainwashed by her boyfriend (24/M) into becoming racist
Deteriorating sex life
What to do? +girl
My [22M] girlfriend [21F] touched me sexually and I couldn't ask her to stop, is this normal?
F[22]M[25] broke up with "boyfriend" then had sex with him 2 months after.....am i just a "hook up"?
F(22) m(25) dating over a year, broke up, i went to his house and has sex, now in confused
Me (F21) and my boyfriend (F22) has a serious talk about marriage and I don’t know if this is the right decision.
End of my rope
My [24F] 6 year old relationship with [28M] sorry for the long post
End of my rope
30M Childless, need advice on dating 33Y woman with 50/50 custody of 6yo
Ladies what is your opinion on premature ejaculators?
I’m afraid to show a guy my true personality in fear they’ll eventually leave me?
I’m afraid to show a guy my true personality in fear they’ll eventually leave me?
Lady with second personality. My gf(25f) & I(30m) has been together for 3 years. Last week has been so rocky & mentally unstable.
Help my friendship is being ruined by politics
My friendship is ending over politics
30M Childless, need advice on dating 33Y woman with 50/50 custody of 6YO
Has anyone ever felt like a break up was too easy? I was with my ex for a year and my feelings for him just faded and I found it so easy to break up and move on. Sometimes I feel bad about it, he is finding it very difficult even 6 months later. Anyone else?
My wife (25F) has nothing to care for so she babies me (25M) instead
I think my[F23] boyfriend [M24] is avoiding finding work during lockdown and it’s getting me down.
Me(27M) and my girlfriend (22F), am I being childishly paranoid about her reputation and should I get over myself and trust her to be faithful to me?
I (21 F) have a crush on my coworker (21 M) and think he might feel the same !
My[F23] boyfriend [M24] hasn’t worked since lockdown and I’m struggling to accept it
How can I deduce whether or not my neighbors smoke drugs?
I [17M] at the time, dated a [19?M] catfisher and now, nearly a year later, I am wondering if he was right
UPDATE TO: I [21/M] have been looking for my sister [18/F] since 2014. I found a way to contact her last night, but I'm not sure how to do it.
Me 27f and boyfriend 28m together 4 years. Doubts
my (23M) boyfriend (24M) is being hostile towards my new hobbies and it makes me insecure
I’m confused
[24][F] work literally broke me and [M][25] got promoted there
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28m, developed strong romantic feelings, possibly mutual, did not and will not act, never talk about them---should I?
I want him to be my first in everything. What should I do?
Not sure what to do with relationship me f27 him m28 4 years together
I (23F) have been struggling over what to choose: my long term relationship till now or the new excitement
I (22F) had a nervous outburst and my little brother saw me
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28m, developed strong romantic feelings, possibly mutual, will not act; about to go home to husband 32m, feeling unexpressed. --- **tl;dr**: can any good come from discussing romantic feelings I do not want to act on with not my husband?
I'm [22 F] worried my friend [23 F] is into me.
My friends girlfriend on meeting app
When you ask for "closure" after a breakup what exactly are you asking for?
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28m, developed strong romantic feelings, possibly mutual, will not act; about to go home to husband 32m, feeling all the feels **tl;dr**can any good come from discussing the romantic feelings I have for, but do not want to act on, with not-my-husband 28m?
I want him to be my first in everything. What should I do?
i got drunk and sat on my friends lap ew
The Me-Too movement is making me (21F) question if sex with my ex (25M) was normal or something worse
Recovering from toxic relationship
i got drunk and sat on some dudes lap ew
Girlfriend's texting patterns are driving me insane
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28f, developed strong romantic feelings; unquarantined, about to go home to husband 32m--- is there anything to be gained from discussing the romantic feelings with not-my-husband 28f?
Looking for creative ideas
How do I stop my relationship anxiety?
Boyfriend watching porn?
How do I (23F) don't know how to tell my friend (24F) that our friend group don't like her BF?
What is an appropriate post-surgery present for my father?
What is an appropriate post-surgery gift for my father?
Should I tell my friend that everyone in our friend group think her bf is rude?
What is an appropriate post-surgery present for my father?
Asking for separation/divorce
Discussing strong romantic feelings neither party wants to act on... is it ever helpful?
I (28F) wanna tell my casual partner (26M) that I want more out of the relationship, but I'm not sure how to (or if I should).
I (28F) wanna tell my casual partner (26M) that I want more out of the relationship, but I'm not sure how to (or if I should).
How to ask for separation/divorce
Is femenism bad?
I'm [25m] tired of dealing with my gf[21] immature bs
Asking for separation
Separation/ divorce
My(20 F) friend’s (19 F) problems are stressing me out.
Asking for separation/divorce
My friends (27M) girlfriend (27f) in on meeting app
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) subscribed to a girl he knows OnlyFans account
How do I (f, 32) get over him (m, 33) when I want but know we can't be together now?
(27/M) asked (26/F) to be my GF. She doesn't want to anymore
My (24F) boyfriend (22M) started humming a song mid fight and I think he doesn't respect me enough.
How do I (f, 32) get over this when I want but know I can't be with him (m, 30)?
My (20M) boyfriend treats me (19F) more like a mate then a girlfriend, pls help my heads all over the place?
How do you get over someone you want but can't be with?
My boyfriend treats me more like a mate then a girlfriend
My guy is way smarter than me and it's making me feel insecure to the point i want to quit school
I (20F) Like A Guy (21M) From Tinder But I Am Scared To Meet Him After Being Sexually Assaulted in the Past
Near death experience made me (20sF) lose a 10+ year long friendship (20s F)
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) started singing mid fight and I think he doesn't respect me enough
(27/M) asked (26/F) to be my GF. She doesn't want to anymore
Whoop There It Is
How can I overcome this problem I have?
Whoop There It Is
My friends (27m) girlfriend (27f) on meeting app
Do you guys care if your partner drives or not?
The wife of a mutual friend texts my husband a lot
My [25] girlfriend [24] is going to Vegas while Covid cases are trending up
snake friend
Probably not the first person to have a cooking related fight during this lockdown but...
Crush of four years moves away
I [22M] feel like my GF [22F] recent behavior is disgusting. And I’m not sure what to do about it.
My [25] girlfriend [24] is going to Vegas with no regards for Covid
Crush of four years moves away
Got mad at my husband about cooking.
My (24F) Boyfriend (40M) compares me to his ex (30F) and it’s driving me insane
Anyone else get mad when their food isn’t eaten hot?
Concern over possible photo taken without consent
What should I do?
My (19M) and my girlfriend's (18F) relationship has lost its spark during my military service
Why do girls have to leave when you show them that you love them and care about them?
I (18F) want to be friends with ex's (17M) new ex gf (18F)
[21M] & [31F] Getting Married & Started Dating 11 Months Ago
My (20f) boyfriend (22m) won’t let me set boundaries
My (18F) ex (17M) broke up with his new gf (18F), how can her and I become friends?
My break up
Concern over possible inappropriate image years ago.
21M & 31F Getting Married & Started Dating 11 Months Ago
(21M) Getting Married to (31F) Feeling Nervous & Need Advice
I (19M) and my girlfriend (18F) have lost the spark during my military service
I (27f) am getting urges to contact men (27m) of my past
[25F] Huge fight with dad... miscommunication?
My SO (24F) has explicit pics of her previous relationship on social media, and I (25M) kinda feeling weird about that (Few months & serious relationship)
How do I (24F) get better at pulling my weight with the housework?
Those who are or have been avoidant attached, can I get your perspective?
Older cousin won’t talk to me cause he thought I was best friends with his ex’s new boyfriend smh.
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
My SO (24F) has explicit pictures of her previous relationship on social media, and I (25M) kinda feeling weird about that. (Few months & serious relationship)
Those who are or have been avoidant attached, can I get your perspective?
Me [29M] with my ex's, I seem to not be able to stop thinking about them, despite being in a happy relationship
What is the best relationship advice you have ever received as an adult?
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
My mom suddenly wants her money back
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
Vent; my (f18) breakup with ex boyfriend (m19) of over a year
Me [29M] with my ex's seem to not be able to stop thinking about them, despite being in a happy relationship
I [26m] am seeing red flags in my girlfriend [23f]
Whats wrong with me?
haven't seen my boyfriend in 4 months and he lives close by
He follows nude ig models and gaslights me when I try to tell him it hurts me
How do I (F/21) learn to care about my boyfriend (M/22) less?
I [M25] am having intimacy problems in my relationship with my bi GF [F22]
My boyfriend [M21] doesn’t care when I [F19] cry, should I stay brokeup?
Should I stay with my boyfriend if he doesn’t care when I cry?
I think my [29F] mother [60F] is an alcoholic and I'm afraid for her safety.
I (20M) get unreasonably jealous of my boyfriend (20M) of six months when he plays video games
My boyfriend [M21] doesn’t care when I [F19] cry is this bad?
My (20F) girlfriend gets mad whenever I accidentally fall asleep early.
I'm [M40] dating a mail-order wife [F36]
My boyfriend seems uninterested and doesn’t care when I cry. What’s happening
I'm [M40] dating a mail-order wife [F36]
Need help with abusive but physically ill mom
I (24f) broke up with my boyfriend (27m) of five years, then, after two months decided to try to work things out again. Need help coping with the ramifications from breaking up!
Am slightly concerned for a friend with their new girlfriend. (Semi NSFW I guess)
I [M25] need advice on my relationship with my bi GF [F22]
Post first date message and awaiting reply (27m & 27f)
He's a keeper. No advice, just a story
Am slightly concerned for a friend with their new girlfriend. (Semi NSFW. you wouldn't want to read this as a bedtime story to yo kids)
Post first date message and awaiting reply (27m & 27f)
Not sure if my (22M) complicated by close friendship with my ex (19F) is worth salvaging
Honours study: what do you perceive to be appropriate sexual behaviour on a first date
Need help with my abusive but physically ill mom
My [21F] ex girlfriend has been withholding my [20M] items for probably too long, but...
What do you think of this guy I went out on a date with?
Dating mail order wife
Engagement: Different timelines - how to reach healthy compromise?
My ex girlfriend [F-21] has been refusing to return my [M-20] stuff for probably too long to matter, but...
I (18M) like someone (17F) who will be leaving soon and dont know how to tell her.
Is me [22F] and my boyfriend’s [23M] baby talk normal or are we psycho??
I (24f) broke up with my (27m) boyfriend after five years, then, after a two-month breakup decided to work on our differences as friends & now facing ramifications from what happened during breakup. Need help coping!
Is me [22F] and my boyfriends [23M] baby-talk normal or are we psycho??
My boyfriend (31M) thinks it’s ok to tell me what to wear (31F) and he doesn’t understand it’s upsetting.
My [M21] best friend [F22] sent me a text that I have no clue how to respond to
He Writes Very Long, Thorough Responses but Takes Forever to Respond..Why?
Confused need help/answers
How often do you consider breaking up with your SO?
Boyfriend unappreciative / should I be upset?
Do older people with adult children unconsciously fill a parental void by forming fatherly/motherly relationships with younger people?
boyfriend unappreciative/ should i be upset?
My [25f] and I [30m] together for 3 years. Going through a mental rocky moment.
My (F-21) boyfriend (M-22) falls asleep while we're texting. I'm I overreacting?
My break up 2018-2020
I’m not sure how much longer I [16M] can handle living under my older brother [20M].
My(F-21) boyfriend (M-22) falls asleep while we're texting. I'm I overreacting?
Confused need help/answers
In a situation that I’ve never been in and need some advice (Long)
My GF [25F] with mental personality issues & cheating & i [30M] struggling.
My (22M) ex-girlfriend’s (19F) sex life destroyed our close friendship. Should I try and fix it?
Lady with second personality. My gf(25f) & I(30m) has been together for 3 years. Last week has been so rocky & mentally unstable.
My(F-21) boyfriend (M-22)falls asleep during texting. Am I too insecure?
Small rant
I (30’sF) said some stuff I regret to an acquaintance, (30’sF) now what?
Boyfriend (29M) says he doesn’t want kids after telling me (27F) otherwise. Not sure how to proceed.
My(F-21) boyfriend (M-22) falls asleep while texting.
Can a toxic person make you become toxic as well??
Together for one year, now boyfriend (29M) says he’s not sure he wants kids, after telling me (27F) a number of times that he does. What do I do?
I’m not sure how much longer [M16] can handle living under my older brother [M20].
Can a toxic person make you become toxic as well?? I’ve never identified myself as someone who like swearing at people. I rarely do. Not even with my family and friends. But with my ex there was a lot of name calling.
How to improve communication with boyfriend. [19F] [21M]
The woman (25/f) that I have been seeing (25/m) for a few months has been repeatedly hot & cold, and i'm doubting things because of it
Am I fucked up?
Broke up with my boyfriend and we live together [Relationships] [help] [advice]
I’m not sure how much longer I [M16] can live under my older brother [M20].
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care!
My boyfriends mental health is impacting mine
I'm not sure how to proceed in my relationships.
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care! 42m/40f
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care!
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care!
I [F17] depend so much on my [M19] boyfriend, its scaring me.
I depend so much on my boyfriend, its scaring me.
Figuring out relationships after abusive partners
Being ghosted sucks
My (20) girfriend now ex cheates on me 2 times and i just saw her with a new guys the day after we broke up how to not want to die please
Being ghosted sucks
Feel like the worst person on earth for not introducing myself to his dad?
Years of Hard Work are Paying Off, Friend is Upset
my brother 19 hates me now 21m and Im really upset
my brother (19M) hates me now, and I'm (21M) really upset
Need advice
My (26M) partner (29F) of 4 years keeps being very hurtful while drinking
my brother hates me, I want to fix the relationship so bad
Ended things today with my gf of 6 months & I keep telling myself it was the right choice
How do you know when to stop trying to “make it work”?
my brother hates me, I want to fix our relationship so bad.
Tips or suggestions on how to get a shy/introvert/awkward guy to open up and/or let loose
My brother 19M says he resents me 21m and never wants to see me again
Why Can’t I Commit to Long-Term Partner?
How do you know when it’s time to just cut your losses and stop trying to “make it work”?
My (24F) best guy friend (24M) isn't talking to me?
I [M17] might deep down have feelings for my best friend [F17] and I need advice
Ended things today with my gf of 6 months & I keep telling myself it was the right choice
I’m 24F and I’m about to lose my only friend (27F). Is there hope to make new friends? How?
Can’t Mentally Commit to Long-Term Partner
Am I [27 M] wrong for (kind of) ghosting a female coworker [30 F] I fell in love with?
Brother is dating sister's brother in law, is this weird?
Husband wants nonmonogamy but has personality disorders
She showed me the video.
How do I heal after leaving an extremely abusive relationship?
found my missing mom and she's on meth while also being homeless
I (17M) need help understanding a female(17F)
Healing after leaving an abusive relationship
My GF [27F] still has followers from sex work
Is it normal to weigh the pros and cons of marrying your fiance, or am I just getting cold feet as we approach our wedding date?
I need a gf/bf
My (30M) girlfriend (24F) has reservations about my sexual past
Confused about something in my relationship
My (24F) mother is unhealthy towards me and I don't know what to do anymore.
I dont know what to do.
My [33F] abusive ex-husband [32M] contacted me today. Should I tell my new boyfriend [33M] or deal with it quietly?
I (23f) have a huge crush on (26m) and he's in a relationship. Its honestly been so long since I met someone and felt so much extreme chemistry and its overwhelming. How can I stop these feelings?
My (18/F) girlfriend (19/F) has suicidal tendencies and it's taking a toll on my mental health
“I’m difficult” actually means “I’m emotionally abusive”
Do girls really care about guys who have speech impediments/disabilities?
“I’m difficult” actually meant “I’m emotionally abusive”
“I’m difficult” actually means “I’m emotionally abusive”
How do you make peace with a noisy neighbour?
My (30M) girlfriend (24F) has reservations about my sexual past
I [31] am struggling with my relationship with my partner [28] who wants to move in together asap.
Am I overreacting?
I found out my ex (22M) was cheating on me for a second time (21)
I [27M] cannot care for my grandmother [90F] while my mom is in the hospital because of her abusiveness
i’m (17F) not close with my mother (42F) and don’t know how to become closer
I [31] am struggling with my relationship with my boyfriend [28] during lockdown. We had to stay in separate houses and I feel like it has drifted us apart.
What should I do? I’m socially awkward
My(19F) mum got upset with me because I got emergency surgery and didn't tell her (49F).
i’m not close with my mother and i don’t know how to be
What should I do? I’m socially awkward
What should I do
Everyone I (17M) attract all seem to follow te same strange pattern and it's gotten strange
Need help understanding my situation
I need some help understanding something from a girls perspective hopefully
My (M33) Fiance (F31) is going through a rough time the last few months and its really affecting our relationship
Im a new writer please don't judge i just needed to share my voice
My (24M) partner's(23F) body count makes me feel uneasy
Why did this guy [25M] from a dating app reject me at first, reconnect, hook up with me [22F], then ghost?
I (15F) can't get my ex best friend (18M) out of my head after our fallout
My(16F) boyfriend (24M) has been acting weird
I invested into someone more than they invested in me. Now it’s gone.
My (16F) boyfriend (24M) has changed.
Personality Differences
Is this all in my (27f) head or is my bf (27m) in the wrong? Trust and boundaries.
How do I say no? Like absolutely heck NO!
How can I (20F) get the mental health help I need when my mom (55F) doesn't believe that I have mental health issues?
Told my mother I didn’t want to talk to her anymore
Pursuer [M40] Distancer [F40] dynamic
My [20M] ex makes me feel really messed up and indecisive.
Pursuer (M40) Distancer (F40) dynamic
I'm [26F] struggling with my mental health and I'm afraid how it'll impact my relationship with my best friend [27M]
How to move on from my (M - 23) crush (F - 23) finding someone else.
Have you ever discovered you are more deeply emotionally invested in a 'good' friend than they are in you?
Pursuer Distancer dynamic
Love at first sight?
In a weird place with this girl, what should i do? Long read with questions at the bottom looking forward your opinion!
relationships are dramatic asf
My BF (26M) keeps having the same conversation with me (25F) and I don't understand why I don't remember these things that are important to him.
Am I weird for feeling weird towards my bfs mom?
relationships are dramatic asf
Men who don't compliment their girlfriends, why not?
Love him but have random thoughts of leaving
Is thinking about other people a bad thing?
I love him but have random thoughts about leaving
Friends
Am I just insecure?
I (M25) am unsure whether to continue relationship with my SO (F37), need some advice
What do I do about my boyfriend’s work issues?
long distance & parents
Helping everyone
My (24M) birthday is Saturday and my girlfriend (24F) doesn't want to go to my families party
Men who don't compliment their girlfriends, why not?
Men who don't compliment their girlfriends, why not?
I(M25) am unsure whether to continue relationship with my SO(f37)
Confused: is it him, or is it me? Is he controlling or am I not used to having a relationship?
I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
Sometimes I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
Sometimes I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
Sometimes I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
My (23f) married coworker (40?m) asked me out
Girlfriend's Ex Was a Pedophile Who Gave Her an Abortion Against Her Will
Help with dealing with resurfaced cheated on pain
I [20F] am pregnant with guy I was seeing's [50M] kid and I don't know how to come forward to my parents
My (23F) boyfriend (26M) and I have different standards of cleanliness
I (18M) am not physically attracted to the girl (18F) I'm talking to, is there anything I should do in this regard?
Helping everyone with advice.
My Friend is pretending online she's financially suffering due to COVID. WHY? Can I help her? Both [40f]
Was it wrong for me to break up with my now ex-bf for drinking too much coffee? How can I help him after this?
I [19M] don't know whether or not to tell my friend [19M] about the feelings that have recently developed for him, especially considering the circumstances surrounding our relationship as it now stands
Where are the best places to meet a potential?
I [19M] don't know whether to tell my friend [19M] about the feelings that have recently developed for him
My (23f) married coworker (40?m) asked me out
I (18M) am not physically attracted to the girl (18F) I'm talking to but I LOVE her personality, what should I do?
Girlfriend always makes accusatory comments about my mood whenever I’m not feeling affectionate
How can I (21f) support my mom (49f) as she navigates unemployment/changing family dynamic?
ghosting or broken phone?
Big fight because I take quick looks at girls outside while with friends and now my SO want's to end our relationship.
Is my (24F) relationship with my boyfriend (29M) worth preserving?
Does my bf[18M] have feelings for someone else?
My [28f] sister [34f] is a wild conspiracy theorist & its ruining our relationship.
Did she loose interest?
My (25f) friend (25f) just told me my boyfriend (26m) sexually assaulted her friend (27?f)
Is she into me or has she lost interest?
I don’t know if I ever want to get married, and I don’t know why...? For anyone who has otherwise happy/good relationships why did you get married?
5 ways to improve your relationship
Does my bf[18M] have feelings for someone else?
Girlfriend is still stuck in a strict quarantine while the rest of the state reopens. Any ideas on how I could help her feel better?
My (20F) mother still expects me to wake my sister (27F) up every morning for prayer and work, and calls me selfish if I don't want to.
Do I still love my ex
How to help my ex gf (16F) get over me (16M) after a very hard breakup?
My [27M] gf [27F] seems unhappy and I don’t know what to do about it
Does my bf have feelings for someone else
my (21F) girlfriend (21F) wants to follow me move in with me after we graduate, but i don’t know if it’s too fast
Can someone message me I need advice
How to help my gf 16F get over me 16M after breaking up with her? Please help
Should I be having sex with my girlfriend on her period?
29(M) engaged to 27(F)
F23 issues with dad, m52
Getting along with dad.
Not getting along with dad.
How do I (F20) encourage my boyfriend (M20) to open up about his scary brother?
Is thinking about other people a bad thing?
I 23F found tinder on my 26M boyfriends phone
I 23F found tinder downloaded on my 26M boyfriend of 2 years phone.
My 23F, Boyfriend 26M is making accusations involving ghosts
I (31f) think my marriage is over and I have to move home
Pre-mup issuer
Should i plan a vacation with my female companion if I don’t know how our relationship might turn out?
Should I book a vacation with my female companion if I don’t know how our relationship might turn out?
Lost in my relationship
Any fun date ideas for blind people?
We're both on the verge of suicide. (Me 17M, her 17F)
My (24M) girlfriends (23F) negative thoughts are coming between us
Husband pays for nudes/porn videos on Patreon
how can I (24x) just be friends with this person (24M) when I'm in love with him?
Why am I hurt by this situation?
Why am I hurt by this situation?
Girlfriends male friend confessed he would want her
Could anyone offer any insight please
What is the best way to get a girl that you like to ask you to hang out?
I (21M) am struggling to quit porn for my GF (21F)
Should I [30F] with my husband [25M] happy birthday tomorrow, after he told me two days ago that he is divorcing me and says he wants no contact?
Girlfriend male friend confessed he would want her
Quitting Porn & Intimacy
How would you react to being used as a rebound by someone who pretends to have moved on? Would you give them the benefit of the doubt and remain friends or Blocka blocka.
Girlfriend (19F) broke up with me (19M), because I wanted to have sex with her too soon.
My (25F) Fiance (29M) encouraged me to spend time with his friend (30M) and is now becoming paranoid of us having an emotional affair.
My (24M) girlfriend’s (23F) negative thoughts are coming between us
Husband pays woman for nudes and porn videos
Anyone broke up and then got back together and it worked out?
WAS HE GASLIGHTING ME?
Boyfriend making accusations involving ghosts (serious)
The guy [20M] I’m [F19] hooking up with...can’t have sex?
I think my boyfriend [24] has NPD, but I don’t know what to do.
Housemate wants a dog drama
(23F)(28F) 9 Years How do you know when its a good time to reconnect after taking a break?
How to drive him back to me
Is it over? The girl I (25M) was dating (26F) has grown pretty indifferent lately.
want to get on the same page as gf
(23F + 28F)How do you know when its a good time to reconnect after taking a break?
Housemate wants a dog, turned into drama ugh
want to get on the same page as gf
want to get on the same page as gf
Should I send this to Marriage Counselor before meeting?
Should I send this to Marriage Counselor before meeting?
I confessed to cheating to my 7 year relationship partner
I (21F) am debilitatingly embarrassed to be sexual with my bf (21M)
My (40s) Husband (50s) thinks it is fine to snip his skin off with cuticle clippers at the dining table. I think it is gross... please tell him it is disgusting.
Husband (30/m) and I (28/f) want to move to Nova Scotia but mom is constantly making me feel guilty about it.
I think my boyfriend [24] has NPD, but I don’t know what to do.
My ex’s best friend requested to follow me (20F) four months post break up?
Have I [20F] been ghosted or should I try harder?
My boyfriend wants me to lose weight. Am I right to be upset?
My boyfriends mum wants me to break up with him because I'm "too feminine"
Me [27 F] with my BF [26 M] of 4 months, miscommunication or incompatibility?
My sister won't leave a knowingly abusive/unhealthy relationship
Covid and family day?
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m nervous!
I (21F) really dont know if my friend(22F) is really my friend or just using me.
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m scared!
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m scared!
My (25F) parents (60s) don’t want me to have a Catholic wedding. It’s bothering me and I don’t know why.
Dealing with a "High functioning alcholic??"" Im lost.
My (22 F) boyfriend (21 M) of 2 years is impossible to talk to
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m scared!
My (25F) parents (60s) don’t want me to have my future wedding in a Catholic church and it’s really bothering me for some reason.
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend for ghosting her and I’m scared
Upset that I'm (22F) not my BF's (27M) type?
Anyone find out a secret your SO kept from you for 20+ years?
My boyfriend (21 M) is impossible to talk to
How can I (M20) get into a relationship with a girl (F18) who doesn’t have any mutual friends?
Boyfriend continuously lies and cheated but now says he wants to marry me. First big relationship for me and I am suspicious.
How can I (M20) get into a relationship with a girl (F18) who doesn’t have mutual friends?
Upset that I'm (22F) not my BF's (27M) type?
My first break up!
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) is best friends with his “one that got away” high school love
Anyone find out a secret your SO kept from you for 20+ years?
Lonely M45 needs advice on starting a new relationship.
When she tells you, you that you don't need to help.
My [26M] fairly new girlfriend [25F] has extreme anger issues and gets angry towards me over the strangest things.
Need non-illegal but annoying ways to mess with an ex
I just need some help
How do I (25,F) convince my bf (30, m) of 2 years to get his act together so we can start a life together?
My [26M] fairly new girlfriend [25F] has extreme anger issues and gets angry towards me over the strangest things.
I need some help.
My new girlfriend relapsed
How do I (f20s) get over someone (m20s) I genuinely thought was “the one”?
I (31F) can't get over my (30M) ex of 3 yrs
I [21m] love my girlfriend [21F] so very much and I want so badly to listen to her and respect her wishes. I’m saying this because I want your perspective on this.
I (31F) can't get over my ex(30M) of 3 yrs
I (14 M) just found out that my crush ( 14 F) likes me back. Unfortunately she lives a half hour away from me. And she thinking if she really wants to date yet.
Long distance relationship started during COVID: 30M & 23F
Should I leave him after hearing he said this?
Getting threatened
My new boyfriend doesn’t want to deal with my mental problems. I don’t know how to improve myself and get rid of these problems
Need to confront my [56 M] cheating daughter [36 F]
Empower Yourself
Me(f25) and my bf(m31) have drifted apart. Any suggestions on how to fix it?
I (18M) beens speaking online to a girl (18F) and I'm feeling like I'm backed into a corner
In a weird spot while talking to a girl online
How do gaslighters still have friends?
My roommates (both 26M) won't go do anything unless I go too
My new boyfriend doesn’t want to deal with my mental problems. I don’t know how to improve myself and get rid of these problems
Were my parents abusive or am I being too sensitive and overreacting and why/why not?
Ex-prof
Why am I attracted to broken, toxic girls with issues?
I (32F) am at my breaking point with my roommate (23F)
Am I(24m) reading into things to much or should I make a move?
Am I (F18) overreacting over my boyfriend (m19) stepping over boundaries?
Ex prof
Am I reading into things too much or should I make a move?
Bf (30M) lied to me (24F) about not seeing anyone during the time we were broken up but I can’t ask him about it due to finding out from his friend secretly
I have 0 confidence and I just fall in love with every guy that shows some interest or give me attention. My whole day can be influenced by this and it is not normal.
I (42f) lost an old friend (42f) due to politics and I am heartbroken.
Problem with my (30M and (27F) GF and our mutual friend
Help navigating relationship with SIL and niece after her and my brother separated.
Should I call out a toxic friend(s)?
I (42f) just lost an old friend (42f) due to politics and I am heartbroken
I (22M) cheated on my girlfriend (22F) and never want to experience something like it again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Interested in a relationship. Dm. I lost my wife and I need a new relationship
Is it normal to invite my (21M) friends over and my wife (25f) doesn’t join us?
Is it normal to invite my friends over and my wife doesn’t join us?
My best friend distances from me whenever I'm in a relationship and it's really getting me down
My best friend went to visit her abusive bf this weekend and stopped talking to me while she was with him
IDK if I can handle dating during quarantine
My mom (57F) threw a fit because I (22F) baked a banana bread
I (32F) want to ask my roommate (23F) to move out with the least amount of drama
Coronavirus turned my (25F) best friends (24F) wedding into 2 weddings and I'm struggling
My (23m) bf (24m) has checked out of our relationship but says he wants to keep trying. I’m hurt and confused and don’t know what to do next.
Coronavirus turned my (25F) best friends (24F) wedding into 2 weddings and I'm struggling
why doesn’t he want to date me?
How do I [f/26] NOT get talked out of a breakup with my partner [m/28]?
Coronavirus turned my (25F) best friends (24F) wedding into 2 weddings and I'm struggling
I (32F) want to ask my roommate (23F) to move out with the least amount of drama
I (35M) tried to kiss my best friend (32F) of 10 years. She immediately cut me out of her life.
How do I stop talking to my girlfriend?
My [33M] GF [29F] of 7 months told my son [3M] that we're getting married. We're not engaged.
30F seeking help for my terrible dating life
I (21F) hooked up with a guy (25M) from Tinder and I believe I caught feelings for him.
Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend
Potential problem with my gf and my friend?
Starting again with an ex after 6 years
My [30F] husband [34M] is depressed and having a crisis. I want to help but feel resentful at the same time.
I've only had negative dating experiences in the past, how can I feel more comfortable in my new healthy relationship? F 33 M 35
How do I stop talking to my girlfriend?
Am I [20M] having trouble adjusting or is my boyfriend [30M] too clingy?
I (25M) can not stop thinking about my GF's (27F) sister , what can I do to relieve these thoughts?
I (25M) can not stop thinking about my GF's (27F) sister , what can I do to relieve these thoughts?
The first year is the hardest?
Can I Save My Relationship
Life Advice; Me (M24), GF (F22)
So are We done?
My friends have told me I’m anti-feminist and are setting woman back in the way I treat my husband
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) seems to block me out whenever we have an issue
My [30F] husband [32M] is too close with his female [23F] co-worker.
Verbally abusive boyfriend who is depressed
My friends have told me I’m anti-feminist and are setting woman back in the way I treat my husband
A sign of him(36M) not being into me(28M)?
I [23 F] confessed to my friend [23 M] who is getting married. Response confused me.
(19F) wants to start the relationship over from the start again with me (19M).
My [24F] ex boyfriend [26M] keeps contacting me.
Life Advice; Me (M24), GF (F22)
Is it unrealistic and unfair of my(21M) girlfriend(21F) to ask me about our past memories from school even though I really can’t remember anymore?
Why won't my boyfriend (M35) talk about me (F25) to his female coworkers?
Is It Possible to Save My Relationship?
I had a girlfriend for a week, then told me she'd like to start from the beginning again.
Parents have been making me pay for everything but won’t let me use my money for myself
Is this okay?
My (19F) Ex-Boyfriend (21M) reached out months after breakup even though he has a new girlfriend (18F)
[29/M] Wait, move on, or something else?
I (35f) always send my dad a father's Day card/gift out of obligation, but this year I do not want to. Should I not bother and deal with his passive aggression, or just send one to avoid drama?
My (19F) Mom (51F) Ruined My BF’s (18M) And I’s Relationship By Being A Bigot
Learned my boyfriend dated someone underage 7 years ago. Help.
I (22f) was in a manipulative relationship with a married man (26m)
Should I Give Up Completely After Rejection
My (22F) BF (28M) wants to Declaw his cats.
(18M) What is a relationship?
Learned my boyfriend dated a 15 y/o at age 20. Help.
Complicated Relationship
My [24F] ex boyfriend [26M] sent me a letter.
Complicated Relationship
[29/M] Wait, move on, or something else?
am i a bad person for telling my ex’s girlfriend that he cheated?
Disrespect or jealousy issues?
My idea of perfect does not sit well with others. I've been told I am the only one who thinks like this
Complicated Relationship
I (26M) don’t know if i should ask this girl out.
am i a bad person for getting with my ex when he had a girlfriend and then telling her?
My therapist (?F) wants to reduce our sessions, I(24F) don’t know what to do
Is this a stonewall/gaslighting situation?
I (26M) am unsure whether i should ask someone out.
Am I a bad person for telling my ex’s girl that he lied to me so I’d give him head?
My therapist wants to reduce our sessions, I don’t know what to do
I (23f) am struggling severely with anxiety/depression and I feel as if it’s taking a huge toll on my relationship
Is this a Stonewalling/gaslighting combo? Or am I being dramatic
I [18M] was abused as a child. I don't know how to tell my boyfriend [18M] this.
I (23f) am struggling severely with anxiety/depression and I feel as if it’s taking a toll on my relationship.
I [20 M] am struggling to give my Parents and GF [21] of 4 years the emotional fulfillment it seems they want.
I [27m] have thoughts of it would be "fun" to emotionally manipulate my girlfriend [27f] of 1 year. Is this normal? How do I deal with it?
My (19F) Mom (51F) Ruins My BF’s (18M) and I’s Relationship By Being A Bigot
Did I do the right thing or embarrass myself (M18)
Me (35f) new to dating after a long relationship ended, new guy (34m) and I are having fun (4 weeks) but I want to know if he’s just a hookup guy and looking for insight
Me (20M) her (19F) - she makes me feel like a burden but tells me how much she loves me, should I break things off for her to feel independent and I want have this mental stress?
I (17M) broke up with my girlfriend (17F) about 9 months ago after being together for 5 months. Even though I chose to broke up I’ve never really been able to get over her. We have 2 months before we leave for college.
advice please
My [20M] Girlfriend [21F] Says My Brother Means Nothing to Her.
My (19F) Mom (51F) Ruined My BF’s (18M) And I’s Relationship
Never been in a relationship (26M)
Am I asking too much?
18yo M bf broke up with me 19yo F after i stupidly and drunkingly respondd to Dms. how do i move on he never wats to speak . but im happy hes ok.
Did I (23M) lose my friend (23F)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Never been in a relationship (26M)
Me (20M) her (19F) - she makes me feel like a burden but tells me how much she loves me, should I break things off for her to feel independent and I want have this mental stress?
Supporting extended family
Another boyfriend question
I have a friend (29M) whom I've (28F) always thought we're extremely compatible. He found out I had feelings for him, but I got out of an 8 year rship last year and haven't been really ready for a rship. Anyway he doesn't feel the same way, but EVERYONE thinks we match (read more below)
my 18yo bf broke up with me 19yoF after i stupidly drunkingly responded to DMs. I feel terribly but he told me to move on. How do i do that.
Never been in a relationship(26M)
TL/DR my 18yM bf broke up with me after i 19yoF stupidly drunkingly respnded to a guys dm. We r over and he wants me to move on. How?
My[21m] parents' new house maid[25f] is really hot. I want to try and hook up but is it a bad idea?
Feeling guilty after having a hookup a few weeks after what was kinda a breakup, My "ex" and I (M&F 19)
my BF(18) broke up with me after i F(19) stupidly responded to some gus DMing me. Im sad but happy hes ok . how do i move on?
We (32M, 20F) may be in to eachother, but circumstances make it so we basically can't find out
i (21 f) really dont feel like dating my boyfriend (27 m) anymore but he won't let me go.
Need advice
Helping family who seem to have different priorities or are just dumb and stubborn.
Feeling conflicted, please read the details (My friend and I (19 M&F))
What do you think about my BF saying if it's not fun anymore he's out?
Living with a conspiracy theorist who won't follow safety precautions because he doesn't believe the pandemic is real
Did I lose my friend
Whether or not you are In a relationship please read: Attached by Dr Amir & Rachel. It’s a life-saver!
Am I (21F) justified in feeling disillusioned with my "partner"? (29M)? Overall complicated situation, feeling conflicted and stupid
The Essence of Adult Relationships
My wife (23F) has probably been cheating on me (26M) for the entirety of our marriage with her old high school boyfriend.
She [21F] thinks i [37M] spending to much time on internet
I (23M) feel the spark in my previous relationship has lost and started feeling for my new bestfriend (26M)
Always bringing stuff up
My [20M] Girlfriend [21F] Says My Brother Means Nothing to Her.
When to wait for someone?
How can I (35f) be a supportive partner to my single dad SO (32m)? (6 months)
She ( 27f) thinks i ( 31M) am spending to much time on social apps
How do I [18F] tell my boyfriend [20M] about these issues with affection?
Started feeling for my bestfriend (M26) more than my boyfriend
His Secret Obsession: Discover his primal desire and make him want you.
BF will not let stuff go
Living with a conspiracy theorist who won't socially distance himself because the virus is all a lie
I am in this dilemma of choosing one over the other for the past one year.
Should I (22M) break up with my girlfriend (23F) “just because” the flame of love is out?
I love my boyfriend but his mother is unbearable
My (30/F) boyfriend (29/M) is a huge fan of an actor (45/M) who had tried to have sex with me years ago when I was underage.
I (45M) just found out that my dead friend's (45M) wife(40F) had an affair with her own brother.
My wife (23F) has probably been cheating on me (26M) for the entirety of our marriage with her old high school boy friend. Help/advice?
i (25M) had warts, got treatment, had sex with girl (28F), and am scared.
30F extremely sexually frustrated with my marriage to husband 30M
I’m not close with my family and can’t have a conversation with them
i (25M) had warts, got treatment, had sex with girl (28F), and am scared.
I (m22) told my gf (f21) of 4.5 years I had feelings of seeing other people and she broke up with me. I never WANTED to, our relationship was just struggling. How can I fix this?
Conflicted that my marriage is falling apart - need help with in-laws
I’m not close with my family and I don’t know what to do.
I'm (21m) having doubts about moving in with my boyfriend (23m) after a lengthy long-distance relationship (3y).
Both Happy and Sad My Marriage is Falling Apart
30F extremely sexually frustrated with my marriage to husband 30M
My husband is texting his ex girlfriend
How do I [20F] talk to my parents [50sM/F] about weight loss?
ghosting or broken phone
Me and husband (30M/F) want to help pay for friends (27F and 30M) IVF.
My girlfriend is fighting depression, but is treating me poorly in the process
My Boyfriend dumped me for watching his favorite anime without him
My (34F) sister (32F) is mooching off my parents and I don't know how to get her to stop.
30F with terrible dating history seeking advice on next best steps
Extremely frustrated.
Do I have a right to be annoyed/disappointed?
Making a song for my wife
Friends holding weddings during pandemic
Friends Holding Weddings During Pandemic
Found condoms in husband's [36M] laundry, then I [38F] recalled info that might reduce likelihood he cheated; what do you think happened?
Was I being mean?
I'm trying not to feel jealous and anxious.. but I can't help it :/
I (28M) am the best man for my best friend's (30M) wedding. We're suppose to have a bachelor party the end of July, but I'm struggling with my comfort level due to the pandemic.
How to help my crying boyfriend?
My (30M) fiance (29F) of 5 years deleting texts and call history from work colleague
Do you keep gifts from past relationships?
Iam starting to give up hope... please help...
How can I feel more comfortable in my healthy relationship? F 33 M 36
My (29M) Sister (21F) threatened to ruin my life if I leave her and her daughter (4F)
Breakup but weird
I (28M) am the best man for my best friend's (30M) wedding. We're suppose to have a bachelor party the end of July, but I'm struggling with my comfort level due to the pandemic.
Is it normal to feel stressed when you're in a healthy relationship? F 33 M 35
My (30M) fiance (29F) deleting texts and call history to work colleague
My husband is texting his ex girlfriend.
I'm (21m) having doubts about moving in with my boyfriend (23m) after a lengthy long-distance relationship.
I just found out my boyfriends mom is racist and I'm pregnant with her biracial grandchild
Do you keep gifts from past relationships?
My sister (29F) and I(26F) are moving out of my mom’s (48F) house and i feel guilty because she’s going to lose the house
My ex-girlfriend [48F] is trying to exclude me [40F] from our community and it's driving me out of my head.
I love my girlfriend but I like being alone
I just found out my boyfriends mom is racist and I'm pregnant with her biracial first grandchild
What can go wrong if i go to my ex’s house who owes me money?
My [38M] boyfriend is mad at me [25F] because I played with the dog while he was holding the cat
What can go wrong if i go to my ex’s house who owes me money?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My [38M] boyfriend is mad at me [25F] for playing with the dog while he was holding the cat.
How do you approach helping your SO when they are struggling?
17F told my partner 21M she likes him and he hid it from me
Do you keep gifts from past relationships?
17F told my partner 21M she likes him and he hid it from me
What should I(28M) tell my daughter(8F)?
How do you approach helping your SO when they are struggling?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How do we find trust? Repair?
BF(22M) Did Not Respond to My(20F) Snapchats To Him
How do we regain trust?
My (15F) friend (17F) asked me out two years ago.
Choosing between a guy that cares about you but doesn’t get you or a guy that gets you and understands you but unsure how he feels
I shut down a girl i liked, to give my ex another chance, and i deeply regret it.
Been broken up for 2 years, [36M] still hits me [25M] up with slanderous accusations when I deny him sex or tell him I am done and for him to move on. I ask him to stop harassing me and he goes Amy Cooper on me. I need help!
I shut down a girl who liked me, for my ex girlfriend, and i deeply regret it.
My (23f) bf (25m) doesn’t have time for me anymore
Am I being insecure about my girlfriend of a years relationship with her male friend? 30m/30f
My (23f) bf (25m) doesn’t have time for me anymore
My boyfriend watches videos of women dancing provocatively
I’m embarrassed of my boyfriend and I feel I love him more as a friend than in a boyfriend way?
Is it time to break up
What are some date ideas for a computer nerd homebody and a nature/art loving hippie type?
How do I (M 21) go about this situation with this girl ( 22) im talking to.
Should I apologize for how I acted when I was depressed?
Doubts about long distance marriage and the military
I love my boyfriend but would he be better off with someone else?
My boyfriend watches videos of girls dancing provocatively
Should I apologize to him for how I acted when I was depressed?
Currently in a very bad breakup, and I dont know how to differentiate between holding myself accountable for my own feelings, and things that my ex did that were actually toxic and weren't good for me that contributed to my bad feelings (both 21) Im so confused
Am I wrong for being upset when my BF doesn't reciprocate oral sex?
My fiancée suddenly broke up with me 😓 and I'm at a complete loss
I (19M) think I want to breakup with my girlfriend (19F) because she is jealous and I dont want a relationship
My ex boyfriend (25M) of 5 years dumped me (26F) and I can't get over it.
My fiancée suddenly broke up with me 😓
How do I (28F) handle lunch break with coworkers (20s-40sF/M)
SO (26M) doesn’t believe me (25F) being busy in law school is true.
My (27M) best friend (29M) is giving me the silence treatment
I found out that my dad was possibly unfaithful to my mum. I’m not sure if I should tell her or how to tell her that I know
It's a Misunderstanding
My (27 M) friend (29 M) is giving me the silence treatment.
Does anyone know of a way to find your high school sweetheart
My (30f) partner (27M) changed his mind about moving countries, but I haven’t.
Advice on how to find high school sweetheart
Trying To Find My High School Sweetheart!! Please, I am running out of time
Is my mom (49F) actually biracial, or is something up?
My (27F) boyfriend (25M) got into our first fight, which I caused, and he now refuses to apologize for hurting my feelings etc.
Is it normal to ‘take a day off from communicating’ with your significant other?
Is my mom (49 F)actually biracial, or is something up?
I [28M] am struggling to open up again after my ex-boyfriend of 4 years left me during my cancer treatment. How do you know when it's baggage stopping you from being intimate vs 'just not being into someone'?
Is my mom actually biracial or is she lying?
Thoughts on watching porn in a relationship.
Indian bf [18m] and White gf [19f] culture clash updates
UPDATE on Indian bf and White gf culture clash
My partner (24F) and I (26M) relationship is struggling due to my doubts about what I want, and I don't know how to get rid of them.
My gf (f24) and I (m23) don’t have sex
My GF (F24) and I (M23) don’t have Sex
Update on Indian Bf and White Gf culture clash
My father is very controlling. That's all I've seen. now I'm becoming him in my relationship.
My cousins say they love me now I crave family love.
My cousins say they love me and now I crave family love.
How to make new friends in your thirties?
My Father is very controlling. Thats all I've seen. Now I'm becoming him in my relationship.
i am in a bit of an unusual situation with my girlfriend and i need your help determining whether she truly loves me or not?
How do I form a relationship with my cousins?
My partner (24f) and I (26m) are having some difficulties over my inability to commit to the long-term and it is causing me to doubt my relationship.
i am in a bit of an unusual situation with my girlfriend and i need your help determining whether she truly loves me or not?
My boyfriend would rather I buy my own place instead of move back in with him. Should I be worried?
My GF (26) broke up with me (M25) and I’m confused
Worried about major differences in my(29F) and my boyfriend's (30M) backgrounds
Women of reddit, i am in a bit of an unusual situation with my girlfriend and i need your help determining whether she truly loves me or not?
Tips on being a good boyfriend [23M] at my girlfriend’s [22F] birthday party
Tips on being the boyfriend [23M] at my girlfriends [22F] birthday party
Tips on being the boyfriend at your girlfriends birthday party when you don’t know her friends that well
Sex after breaking up?
How can I stop feeling insecure about his friend?
How do I(29M) tell my friend (30F) I want to end our relationship with each other?
Girlfriend (26) broke up with me (M25) and I don’t get what she’s doing
How can I stop feeling insecure about his friend?
I am toxic, please help
I’m 18 and don't know how i’m feeling with my relationship
I (F/29) am not sure what to do about my good friend (F/29)
My [16M] poly boyfriend [17M] said he would marry his friend but not me.
How can I let her down easy?
Thinking of ending an engagement
Is my (F27) FWB getting over me (M28)?
My friend is using me as her emotional crutch and it’s exhausting, what do I do?
I (20M) struggling to make sex happen for the first time with my gf (20F) even through we've been in a relationship over a year
My [19F] close friend [18M] kissed me while we were laying in bed, I like him, but I don’t know if it’s the right time?
How can I let her down easy?
How do I (M25) communicate with a mother (F60) who has distorted views on mental health?
I (23M) am afraid of re-developing a crush on my friend (26M)
Spicing Up Our Evening Routine
I used a fake account to see if my cheater ex would cheat on his current partner...and his gf texted me...
my boyfriend made a secret account to stalk my friend
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Long Distance Relationship
Friends w benifits
Scared of being a doormat for my GF
Scared I'm letting myself be a doormat
I (17M) broke up with my girlfriend (17F) about 9 months ago after being together for 5 months. Even though I chose to broke up I’ve never really been able to get over her. We have 2 months before we leave for college.
Girlfriend (26F) wanted to break up with me (26M) because of Endometriosis, advice please
I just got ghosted by a friend, and it sucks :/
I (17M) broke up with my girlfriend (17F) about 9 months ago after being together for 5 months. Even though I chose to broke up I’ve never really been able to get over her. We have 2 months before we leave for college. What’s your opinions on getting back with her even if it’s just a short time?
I [M23] had sex with my upstairs neighbour [21F] who I am not attracted to at all, and I regret it heavily. I dont want it to happen again, and dont know how to tell her this
Forced to be around parents for wedding
Girlfriend (26) wanted to break up with me (26M), advice please
My [26F] Coworker [35M] Makes Me Uncomfortable
I am my girlfriends first girl
I cheated on my girlfriend.
Does romance and love exist anymore?
My girlfriend is moving to Canada, I don't show it to her but it is destroying me. Please help.
[26M] Still depressed 1 year after a break up..
I am my girlfriends first girl
[26M] Still very depressed after a break up that happened 1 year ago! Need help.
My [17F] Cousin [19M] Helped me get a job 8 months ago and uses it against me when i ask for anything.
I cheated on my girlfriend.
Should I be mad at my husband for inappropriately messaging his "friend"
Girlfriend (20) of a year says she doesn’t feel good enough for me (25) anymore
I (18 y/o, female) am the only one who isn’t in a relationship from all the people around me and it makes you feel alone, any advice please?
I (22F) resent my boyfriend (24M) of 2 years
My [M21] mom [F52] lied to me for 2 years and has been inviting a stranger into our house at midnight without me knowing, what should I do?
Girlfriend says she doesn’t feel good enough for me anymore
My wife has wandering eyes and it is killing me
I feel like everyone around me is getting into relationships and I’m the only one who doesn’t have anyone, which makes me feel alone. Advice please?
I don't know if I (19f) should move back to my mum's house (52f) or stay at my dad's (54m)
Should I (20F) remove a friend (20F) I have had for 12 years over different views of politics?
Thank you, G
My boyfriends parents want us to break up because I am 'too feminine'
My great “hot guy I used to pass between classes” story
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
How do you tell the difference between putting in effort for a relationship and tolerating toxicity/incompatibility?
My wife has wandering eyes and it is killing me
BF[28M] urging me[21F] to polyamory
Found inappropriate messages from my husband to his "friend"
My friend w benifits(25f) says she wants to be more than friends but still talks w other guys.
I seriously seriously seriously need help guys.
I seriously need help guys.
My wife has the wandering eye and it is killing me
Help with people testing my patience
How do I [32M] politely call up my friend [33M] to talk about drama surrounding our wives [30F/30F]?
My mom (56F) is hurt I (24F) don't want to live with her after COVID
Handling with people testing my patience
I saw my ex. Does she still care?
Should I[18F] move on from him?
My (26F) sibling (21) is scrutinizing my social media and confronting me about it. I am unsure how to proceed with it.
I (29F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
That is something that I always thought, but with the actual contest and circumstances, now this made me think more and I truly appreciate if someone could honest tell me an opinion.
My (30F) boyfriend (29M) lost a lot of weight and now is getting a ton of attention from other women. I feel immensely uncomfortable and I feel like he is way out of my league now. I almost feel like he isn't breaking up with me because he feels bad for me.
My(21f) long-distance bf(20m) of 6 months keeps going silent on me
Affodable Kolkata escorts
my (18f) boyfriend (21m) doesn’t want to be cheesy
My boyfriend keeps rejecting the idea of calling me or addressing me by pet names
Abortion and relationship
i always thought that but with all the actual contest made me think more now. I hope anyone can sincerely give some opinion.
My boyfriend keeps rejecting the idea of calling me or addressing me by pet names
How to get my head on straight after ending something that could've been good
I was happy in my fantasy
I (20M) my girlfriend (19F) keeps doing things that I've told her that bothers me - Am I being controlling?
My (M18) girlfriend (F18) can't hold a meaningful conversation
My [M18] girlfriend (F18) can't hold a meaningful conversation and it's getting to me.
Should I move on from him?
my (18F) boyfriend (21M) doesn’t want a corny relationship
I'm "selfish" for expecting to have the attention on me sometimes
Girlfriend continues to talk to guy-friend who has crossed several boundaries and Im not comfortable with it.
My Horrible (ex)Friend
My boyfriend thinks I'm selfish for being upset he had a friend over the day I got home from back surgery
My [F20] mental health is ruining my relationship with my Fiancé [m24]
My Horrible (ex)Friend
Should I move on from him
My [26M] girlfriend [25F] of three years wants to break up over a joke?
My Horrible Friend
I think my F(29) friend F(25) slept with my crush M (28)..
Lied to throughout my relationship.
UPDATE: I (21F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
Medical school or the one I love who couldn’t wait any longer:(
My now ex (M), broke up with me over a month ago because his “love for me has stayed the same.” Aren’t you supposed to work on the relationship in order to maintain and increase the love? You can’t expect love to do all the work itself can you?
My horrible friend
Should I move on from him
Plastic surgery
How should I (21F) convey my message to my S/O (25M) without sounding like I’m threatening him with a break up?
My boyfriend (now ex) broke up with me last month because “his love has stopped growing.” Aren’t you supposed to work on the relationship in order to maintain and increase the love?
I miss my ex.
Work relationship
I (21F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
Should I (16M) even bother apologizing to my (ex)best friend (16M) anymore?
Trip and Depression in Myself?
Why is it still affecting me so badly
My mom (47f) blocked me (21f) on everything
Why is it still affecting me so badly
How do you know if a relationship is marriage material?
My mom (47f) blocked me (21f) on everything
Should I(25F) break up if I have a nagging gut feeling that BF(29M) isn't the "one"?
I (21F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
I’m so confused...
To respect, or not to respect...
Is it just unluck?
I’m so confused...
I’m so confused...
Trip and Depression in Myself?
What makes a relationship marriage material?
What to do when my friend (21m) told me (20m) that he had a dream about having sex with my girlfriend (24f) and then telling me that he wants to get closer to her now?
My gf(19) recently watched porn (again). She was hesitant to tell me(19), because she "doesn't want me doing the same"... although I really don't care if she watches it, her attitude makes me wonder if she's being hypocritical?
cheating?
My (F37) youngest sister (f30) was clearly favorite growing up. How do i move on from the feelings of resentment?
My gf recently watched porn (again). She was hesitant to tell me, because she "doesn't want me doing the same"... although I really don't care if she watches it, her attitude makes me wonder if she's being hypocritical?
Boyfriend (M24) loves our relationship and me (F21) but admits he misses single life and sometimes wants that back
(20F) Found boyfriend comparing 🍆 size to other men on Reddit. Worried what this means
Yo lied to me
I keep getting worried my BF is lying about loving me because he did to his last EX
You lied to me.
(20F) Found boyfriend comparing to other men on Reddit
I Found Out That My Girlfriend Of 4 Years Has Been Cheating on Me For The Last 3 Months - I Need Advice
I (36M) don't know to resolve the silent treatment from my wife (36F) when we fight
Advice on how I (22F) can manage my emotions to avoid constant little fights with partner (22F)
20F: Problem
My boyfriend is an alcoholic and I’m so conflicted.
20F Problem - Read description
Problem - Read description
My crush and I have crushed on each other for 17 years!
Where do I go from here?
Where do I go from here?
I want to work on myself but still stay in my relationship (22F dating 22F)
I Found Out That My Girlfriend Of 4 Years Has Been Cheating on Me For The Last 3 Months - I Need Advice
My crush and I have crushed on each other for 17 years!
I (18F) am head over heels in love with my girlfriend (19F), but she's my only real relationship ever.
M(21) F(21)
It’s been years. She is now (23F) and seems like she has improved on herself. There are times I (22M) miss her. Should I answer her text and did I make a mistake?
25 m 25 f weird spot
M(21)F (21) RL 10months
I'm (30/F) worried that I went too far in the way that I had told my friend (35/M) that he is the problem in his failed relationships.
M(21) F(21) no more sparks
My (F26) friend (F27) is a serial cheater, and when I advise her not to do so to her boyfriend (M26), she got really defensive and told me to mind my own business. What should I do?
I cheated
I cheated
Was this mean?
Was this mean?
I fell in love with a girl from a different country
I (m22) don’t think I can ever get over my partners (f22) infidelity ...
Loyalty during the “talking” stage?
What should I do?
I just found out my ex-boyfriend has a new girlfriend and I don’t know how to feel about it
Just found out my ex boyfriend has a new girlfriend and I don’t know how to feel about it
I (30 F) broke up with my boyfriend (40 M) due to his views on politics. Now I am feeling conflicted about it.
Am I worrying too much about the age difference?
I (15)M have a year issue with a girl(19)M
Suicidal ex
I (15)M have a problem with my quarantine crush(19)F
Where did you meet your significant other?
I (M19) will never have a long term girlfriend because I always end up losing feelings
Am I wrong for wanting to spend time with my girlfriend during pandemic?
I (15)M have a “quarantine crush” and have some serious issues with her (19)F
I (M19) feel like I'll never get a long term girlfriend because I'll lose feelings
How do I tell my (25F) BF (27M) of three yrs that I want to go back to work even though it means I likely won't see him for some time?
What was the "spark" that made you realize you truly love someone -that it was beyond infatuation or crush?
I (28f) am very sensitive to anger (I freeze or freak out) and my fiancé (35m) is a hot head. I need to learn to stop walking on eggshells.
I recently got broken up with. It was my first relationship. We were both 15.
Does anyone actually believe in love and romance anymore?
Birthday ideas?
I recently got broken up with. It was my first relationship. I'm 15.
Am I wrong for wanting to spend time with my girlfriend during pandemic?
I recently got broken up with. It was my first relationship. I don't know where to go from here.
My boyfriend (23*M) has lied about his age to me (19M) our whole relationship
I hate myself for cheating on my boyfriend
My bestfriend has been acting weirdly
I (21F) don't want to take my bf's (21M) last name and he doesn't want to compromise
(No need to specify) One of my best friends is a nazi, should I just drop the friendship?
I don't want to take my bf's last name
Feel Hopeless, My GF is moving away
Regret what I said to a friend/crush
Should I (22M) just tell her (20F) that I can't do this relationship anymore?
My sibling makes me feel terrible
I(m22) don’t think I can ever move on from gf’s (f22) cheating ...
I [27F] think my ex [27M] left me for his coworker and lied about it
I (22M) feel like my girlfriend (24F) is falling out of love with me
Fiancé wants to invite mistress to our wedding
Are we (30F) (34M) ready to move in together?
should I (32F) forgive my Boyfriend (33M) for being to rough.
Are we (30F) (34M) ready to move in together?
Girlfriend and I together for 8 years. She has an extreme food addiction, and it just keeps getting worse
He said he needed space. Was it just an excuse 25F 27M
Is it better to sort an argument out before sleeping or you try to sleep and sort it when you wake up? (M21+F21)
My [17f] girlfriend [20f] forgot a sentimental gift from me at her parents house and it mysteriously disappeared
My boyfriend [21M] told me that he thought I [21F] was going to cheat on him with my ex when we first started dating and mentally prepared for it and didn't take our relationship all that seriously initially. Part of me is hurt and confused, but the other part of me understands his reasoning.
Personal Dilemma...seeking advice and other people's experiences.
Is it better to sort an argument out before sleeping or should you try to sleep and sort it when you wake up?
My girlfriend (32F) and I (34M) have been together for a year and there's something that's eating me up inside.
She (F40) does not like that I (M47) have photos of my ex-partner on my Facebook page
What fallout can I prepare for as my narcissistic girlfriend gets back with her narcissistic ex boyfriend
I [m23] don't want to communicate jealousy with gf [f25]
My (25f) dad (50s m) and other family members are taking BLM personally and as someone dating a black man (25m) I’m at a loss of what to do
I [m23] don't want to communicate jealous feelings with gf [f27]
My boyfriend(21M) hasn’t reached out to me(21F) in three weeks!
In new relationship, should I delete and untag Facebook photos of ex-partner?
Is it normal to get broken up with all the time? [28F]
Girlfriend and I together for 8 years. She has an extreme food addiction, and it just keeps getting worse
Communication isn't always key
My (30/F) friend (35/M) of five years confessed that he has feelings for me even though I'm in a relationship with my boyfriend (29/M) of eight months.
Having doubts in my(20F) relationship with him (20M)
I haven’t texted or talk to my bf for three weeks!
Found out my girlfriend is smoking vapes without telling me.
Me [23 M] with my girlfriend [24 F] of 4 months. She uses Facebook mostly to start deliberately dumb arguments with strangers. Is this a red flag?
Long Distance, can we do it?
Advice on how to live with parents as an empath adult
The guy (39M) that I (27F) am currently seeing is moving too fast, and I don't know how to tell him to take it down a notch without hurting his feelings?
Should I talk to my partner about his friends relationship issues or should I leave it alone?
Do exes just KNOW when you’re happy & moved on, even sans social media? A sort of sixth sense?
Doubts in my (20F) relationship with him (20M)
PAREJA Y EQUIPO
Advice for an empath living with toxic parents as an adult
The guy (39M) that I (27F) am currently seeing is moving too fast, and I don't know how to tell him to take it down a notch without hurting his feelings?
58 yo M stuck in hotel room with 28f ex gf
My boyfriend (22) and I (19) have complete opposite political views
Girlfriend and I together for 8 years. She has an extreme food addiction, and it just keeps getting worse
My (21f) boyfriend (24m) is becoming increasingly obsessive with my feet (21m)
My(22) Sister(24) questioned me wearing a face mask for a family walk.
M18 Need advice on how to handle situation.
Do you consider it necessary to delete or throw away all pictures of you and your ex if you still miss them?
My (21f) boyfriend (24m) is becoming increasingly obsessive with my feet (21m)
Would appreciate some thoughts or advice
Am I [43F] being insecure about boyfriend’s [46M] close female friend or am I right that the friendship is weird
I’m really confused with my sexuality and would like input
My(22) Sister(24) questioned me wearing a face mask for a family walk.
How do I (16 female) get over my best friend (16 female) sleeping with someone (17 male) I could be in a relationship with.
I need advice about my relationship.....
The person I used to be involved with (24/m) made me feel crazy for wanting a relationship (20/f) and got upset every time I brought up that conversation.
My(29M) Grandma(75F) is dumping tons of emotional labor on my plate and I can't handle it (TW: domestic abuse)
Finally getting somewhere, now how to argue in a healthy way.
am i a bad person?
How do I (16 female) get over my best friend (16 female) sleeping with someone (17 male) I could be in a relationship
My relationship was going downhill, i think i have everything under control but still need advice
M18 Need advice on what to do.
I want my mom to be more proud of me, and I feel like a disappointment when I struggle [17F]
My mom (~50F) is having a baby and I’m (F21) not sure how to cope or deal with the huge age gap.
Is it wrong that I [17F] want my mom to praise me more?
My mom (~50F) is having a baby and I am currently 21(F). How to cope and what’s it like having such a huge age gap with your siblings?
I (19f) am going to contact my biological father (37?) but i dont know how to go about it
Talking on the phone at night quietly
My (F45) Wife Wants A Divorce from Me (M46)
Advice: on and off relationship breakup, moving on (F22)
I'm (f22) getting back w/ ex (m25), insecurities arise
How to talk on the phone at night quietly
Asked a girl (29)if she has had sex since last time we did and she got upset? We’re not together. I’m M(32)
Asked a girl if she has had sex since last time we did and she got upset? We’re not together
On and off relationship? F22
I [F23] found out my boyfriend [M24] masturbates to pictures of my friends
I [17F] find my friend's [17M] sexual questions and comments uncomfortable
I [23f] found out that my boyfriend [24M] is addicted to my friends pictures
I’ve [23M] Thinking about messaging my ex [22F] through her mother
Is there a possibility of him cheating?
My (F45) Wife Wants A Divorce from Me (M46)
Is there a chance that my bf is gonna cheat?
Ex Partner's Spouse
Am i paranoid or is my bf going to cheat?
My (38f) husband (38m) is suddenly surprised at my goals in life?
I (F23) found out my boyfriend (M24) masturbates to pictures of my friends
Do guys really need time before getting into a relationship?
Am I(29M) wrong for wanting to become more self-centered?
Ex's Partner Messaged Me
I (18 M) caught feelings for my best friend (18 F) as we are getting ready to graduate
How do I (22M) “get back out there“ after a toxic relationship?
Need advice on a strange, painful and annoying situation
Women: How would you feel if your friend and former ex boyfriend did this to you?
Ex's Partner Messaged Me
Me and a fwbs
How do I [F27] accept I'll never be able to apologise to my ex [M27]?
"I just don't want a relationship right now" The lie that ruins friendships
How do I [F27] accept that I'll never be able to apologise to an ex [M27]?
Teenage Predicament
Stuck in an unhealthy cycle
Stuck in an unhealthy cycle
weird sex experience with girl need advice
Need advice on a strange, painful and annoying situation
weird sex experience with girl need advice
Should I break up with boyfriend I very much love?
How do I (22f) deal with liking a guy (22m) who is a step above me in multiple ways?
Me 18 bf seen something upsetting in 17 gf phone
How do you (22f) deal with liking/being in a relationship with a guy (22m) who is a step above you in multiple ways?
17 gf 18 me seen something in my gf phone
Long Distance.. can we do this?
I don’t know if I (25/f) should distance myself from my best friend (29/m) after finding out his girlfriend (22/f) doesn’t like me
I saw my girlfriend today and I genuinely feel sad.
Is it wrong to ask for an apology?
[23M] Thinking about messaging an ex through her mother.
I (25/f)don’t know whether to distance myself from my best friend (29/m) now that he has a girlfriend (22/f) who doesn’t like that we are friends .
My (15F) friend (17F) asked me out two years ago. Would that have been a weird age gap?
GF (18F) for 3 years being guilt-tripped by suicidal friend (17F)
Is it wrong of me to ask for an apology?
My (19F) sister (12F) stalked social media until she found my secret relationship
Today, I saw my girlfriend and I'm honestly so hurt.
Is it wrong for me to ask for an apology?
My (19F) sister (12F) stalked and found out about my secret relationship
Women: How would you feel if your friend and former boyfriend did this to you?
I (50M) wanna remarry (40F) and above, and have a happy home.
I [F24] want to break up with my [M25] boyfriend of 4 years...
Suicidal friend guilt tripping GF into a relationship?
How to balance mental health and dating?
How do I [21M] help my GF [22F] cut contact with her toxic friend [ex?] [20sM]
I [F24] wants to break up with my [M25] boyfriend.. help?
My friend (17F) asked me out (15F) two years ago. Would it be weird if we were dating now?
How to balance mental health and dating?
Questions at the bottom and one screwed situation.
Jealous over GF's suicidal friend?
How to balance relationship and mental health.
I (f/26) pay for everything in my relationship (m/26) and it's making me resentful
should i leave or not?
Missing a friend
I (25F) want to tell my BF (26M) that we shouldn't text anymore
Women: How would you feel if your friend and former boyfriend did this to you?
Is it wrong of me to ask for an apology?
Should I (16M) even give my (16M) (ex) best friend closure for ghosting him at this point anymore?
Do people really need time?
My GF(F22) cheated on me(F25)? and I still want us to be together but is it even possible?
My friend is no longer contributing to cooking duties [30’sF]
do guys really need time before dating a girl?
My [30’s F] friend [30’s F] no longer shares cooking duties
"I dont want to date you before ...... "
She isn't into me and we are here overnight
I [f/26] pay for basically everything in my relationship [m/26] and it's starting to bother me
I'm [27F] having doubts about my boyfriend [30M] and not sure if normal, or time to end things?
I'm Luke (M50) looking for a serious date (F40) and above.
Yellow. Not Coldplay.
trouble with a boy (💤) need advice big time! age 15
Q: How do you feel about your SO living with someone of the opposite gender?
Why I cant be in a relationship?
How to teach husband how to tidy up after himself?
Should I (16M) even give my (toxic) (ex)best friend (16) even closure at this point?
toxic or not and should i leave or not?
Seeking future trophy wife/house wife
How do I (17F) tell my boyfriend (17M) about some symptoms of C-PTSD I have been experiencing after having been emotionally abused?
You need a real spell caster to bring back my ex lover back urgently?
My longest crush ever (F23) told me (M18) she likes me. ME.
My longest crush (F23) told me (M18) told me she likes me.
Q: How do you feel about SOs living with someone of the opposite gender?
I [21M] is not in love with my partner [23F] and am absolutely terrified of her reaction to breaking up
my boyfriend (17M) is making himself the victim after an argument that started because he said something that hurt me (17F). am i overreacting ?
Is it OK to want to be alone?
My (25M) Ex (25F) wants to be friends, what should I do?
The urge to be alone?
Hi need some serious help
My [22M] parents [50M&F] took the money I made
I (m27) cannot find a girl to hold my attention for a period of time. If a girl likes me, I tend to start disliking her because I feel she’s not “good enough” and the cycle continues. Am I alone in this?
I [18M] have tried communicating my woes with our relationship with my girlfriend [20F] and nothing changes.
In what ways do relationships encourage or inhibit us?
I'm Luke, male, I'm 50 and I'm from Brooklyn United States of America.
My [31M] wife [22F] of 7 years will only eat at chain restaurants. It's not normally an issue but I've stumbled into a once in a lifetime dining opportunity.
My (25M) Ex (25F) wants to be friends, what should I do?
Do you think my name is the reason I get ignored in class?
Nothing gets better after I [18M] communicate the clear problems in our relationship with my girlfriend [20F]
Am I wrong for being worried about my SO looking at other girls?
I retracted a friendship... I feel bad about it.
Struggling do you stay or leave.. not many common hobbies
Coping with a breakup
Coping with a breakup
How do I [21M] help my GF [22F] cut contact with her toxic friend [ex?] [20sM]
Did I make a mistake breaking up with my gf
How to get my husband to tidy up after himself?
Am I wrong for being worried about my SO looking at other girls?
How long do I (26M) keep messaging first before I decide that she’s (24F) not really interested in me anymore?
I (18FtM) was told by my FWB (24M) that my vagina stinks and I later caught him watching porn while we had sex and I'm not sure what to do anymore
Men, do you care about plastic surgery? Is it something you even think about?
How to love someone with depression and low self-esteem who doesn't think deserve the love you're desperately trying to give them?
I (19M) find that my gf (19F) has been annoying me recently
How long do I (26M) keep messaging first before I conclude that she’s (24F) not really interested anymore?
How to love someone with depression and low self-esteem who doesn't think they deserve the love you're desperately trying to give them?
My temporary OBGYN was really cute and I think he’s single
Does anyone have any advice on polyamory?
Fight with boyfriends bff
My [25m] girlfriend [20f] came out as Bi and we are breaking up after two years.
I [19M] don't think I am my girlfriend's [20F] type and it bothers me.
I (19M) find my gf (19F) to be very annoying recently
I [19M] don't think I am my girlfriend's [20F] and it bothers me.
What is a reasonable breakdown in finances when you move in w/ a SO?
My father [56 M] and I [24 M] just had a big fight about nothing that turned into a hurtful shouting match and would've turned physical if it wasn't for my mother separating us. I don't know where to go from here.
How can I (23F) coexist peacefully with my (80F) grandmother, mother (60F) and her bf (60M)
I’m (22M) going to tell my best friend (22F) that I’m in love with her
I (18F) am getting tired because everything my bf (19M) do that get me annoys me it's "just who he is".
My [18F] ex [21M] thinks that I changed my wallpaper to piss him off
Breaking up with my [28m] girlfriend [27f] over lack of "magic" (and sexual attraction)?
I [28 M] have been texting with my old coworker [27 F] since quarantine started
Hello, I am 25 years old and I am looking for a partner who wants to help me, I send you photos of my big stamp and my big tits [KIK]
Am I toxic or was it just a really bad mismatch?
How do I (27f) respond to my sister (21f) who is blackmailing me?
I’m unreasonably insecure about my boyfriend’s ex female friend despite him being extremely reassuring towards me
Would it be weird for I [m 21] to message an old classmate [f 19] that seems to have self image issues that I'll likely never see again and tell her I had a crush on her?
I (23NB) can't bring myself to talk to my father (59M)
My (23f) coworker (41m) was seemingly racially profiled and fired, what should I do?
I [21F] feel very insecure about my relationship with a guy [22M] because of a singular girl who’s shown interest in him who I frequently compare myself to
How do I respond to my sister (21f) who is blackmailing me? (27f)
Are all relationships in some way terrible!?
I [18M] not sure about monogamy with [18F]
Are all relationships terrible!?
Are all relationships in some way terrible!?
Discouraged about monogamy
I 21(F) feel like I’m too clingy with my new boyfriend 22(M) and don’t know how to stop overreacting to things?
Can I (30F) even be friends with a guy (31M) who sent mixed signals and ultimately rejected me?
Discouraged abt monogamy
Can I (30F) even be friends with a guy (31M) who sent mixed signals and ultimately rejected me?
I (22F) am thinking of breaking up with my bf (29M) and i am terrified
I [27F] am concerned that my partner [30M] isn’t over/still thinks of his ex.
How to talk / interact more with coworker I like (both 17)
How much financial support do I (28f) provide to my niece (19) after she moves out?
feeling alone and guys don't have sense of humor
I (28, M) can't tell if she's (30, F) pulling away or if my anxiety is causing me to overthink things
Girlfriend isn’t sure if she wants to have sex but I want to.
Snapchatting Afairs
Texting
Could this work out?
How can you tell if someone is manipulating you?
Am I the asshole
Feeling guilty about previous affair/relationship
I (20M) lied to my boyfriend (18M) but want to keep him and want him to meet me in person
I (20M) lied to my boyfriend (18M) many times and I want to keep him because we haven't met yet
I (20M) cheated and lied to my boyfriend (18M) in the beginning of our relationship, but changed a lot since then
How can I (21F) ask my SO (23M) to participate more in the cleaning of his apartment ?
My (26F) boyfriend (34M) has nudes of our mutual friend
I[22/F] got ditched by my best friend[25/M].
About my ex
My boyfriend always cancels plans and wont make time for me
how to know when its best to end the relationship
FRIENDZONED????
I have [19 \ f] and I am looking for a man to get out of whatever age he may be and that he is waiting for me we will have a warm conversation by kik Khaterinebicht2
My [26M] GF [26F] wants me to get on her lease to sublet to her. I am feeling reluctant.
My [26M] GF [26F] asking me to get on her apartment lease and sublet to her. I am feeling reluctant.
Still fantasize about my ex
Snapchatting Afairs
Trully forever single
I got ditched by my best friend. It's so hard to get through this.
Should I pursue or back off and let her come to me?
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) sucks at holding any forms of conversation.
"I don't know what I want right now "
I [25F] am tired of paying for every meal in the relationship and wish my boyfriend [33M] would reciprocate
The guy(22M) I dated accused me(21F) of being transgender
My boyfriends (18M) sister (16F) doesn't like me (18F) and I dont know how to fix this
My Ex-Boyfriend Was My Pimp When I Was 17 While He Was 26.
My[35/M] Ex [38/F] is killing herself slowly because of me and I feel awful.
I'm at the crossroads, in desperate need of advice!
My (26f) husband (27male) of 6 years locks himself in his room and refuses to communicate
We are not physically intimate
Husband (26M) gets really defensive when people ask how old I (19F) am or when they say he’s too old/I’m too young for each other.
What would you do? Me (17M) Her (18F)
How can someone say they care about you but act like they don't?
My (26F) partner (27M) and I are opposite politically and it was okay until recently. Not sure what to do
We’re not physically intimate
My (26f) husband (27male) locks himself in his room and refuses to communicate
how to know when its best to end the realtionship
In dire need for help!! Love or love of attention?
I (f27) finally found a healthy relationship that ticks all my boxes but I'm not feeling it?
My husband has completely shut me out and locks himself in his room
My boyfriends (18M) sister (16F) seems to dislike me (18F) I dont know how to change this, some advice?
Partner (27M) and I (26F) are opposite politically; concerned
How can someone swear they care about you and then act like they don't?
The guy I was dating just told me he was using me to get over a girl
My [M24] girlfriend’s [F25] negative energy is bringing me down
The guy I was dating just told me he was using me to get over a girl
My wife was rapped by her dad 3 times
I(23 F) feel awful for caring too much about this guy's(22 M) penis size. How do I deal with these shallow preferences?
made my mother depressed
The guy I was dating just told me he was using me to get over a girl (TW: history of sexual assault/emotional abuse)
Girl (19F) I (20M) like tells me about the guys she rejected. What is the meaning of this?
My (26f) boyfriend (26m) has a female coworker he is friends with. He has suddenly stopped talking about her/mentioning her by name to me, despite them still being quite close?
My [M24] girlfriend’s [F25] negative energy is suffocating.
I feel financially and emotionally abused
My boyfriends (18M) sister (16F) hates me and I (18F) dont know how to fix it
I think it’s not working out in marriage?
My [26F] best friend [22F] & I have a mutual friend [34F] who only contacts me
I |29F| am very close with a creative partner |30M|, but we both have significant others. Can we be really close, but not romantic?
Should I open his message and if so will he know I've opened it?
Is it wrong for me to secretly communicate with my platonic male friend?
I (30F) unintentionally annoy my partner (40M)
I met up with the guy [m23] that I [f22] have been talking to online for three months. He ended it because I was "too anxious" in person.
Is it possible to remove my feelings for someone without breaking contact? and still talks everyday [M21]
Girlfriend (24f) does small passive aggressive things to my mom. When she fails to realize she’s trying to help. (26m)
Does your SO have a strange habit you don't mind/tolerate but silently hope they won't do in public?
slept w friends ex, can this friendship b repaired :(
my friends avoiding me because i am becoming too serious for them"
Is it possible to remove my feelings for someone without breaking contact? and still talks everyday. [M21]
I (F 24) found my boyfriends (M28) reddit account admitting feelings of cheating
Is it possible to remove my feelings for someone without breaking contact?
my friends avoiding me because i am becoming too serious for them
My best friend friend is the ex of my girlfriend and she doesn’t like that I talk with them
my friends avoiding me because i'm too serious
How To Tell Someone to Move Out When They Have No Job Due to COVID
How to get over my best sleeping with someone I could be in a relationship with?
slept w my friends ex lol help
Found boyfriends reddit account
I met up with the guy [m23] that I [f22] have been talking to online for three months. He ended it because I was "too anxious" in person.
I’m (21F) nervous that my boyfriend (21M) is going to do to me what he did to his ex (20F)
My [31F] "boyfriend" [31M] is very anti-BLM, but I'm a BLM advocate and protester. Is this something we can work through?
slept with friends ex, life is now a hellscape
Am I wrong for not wanting to date a blind girl? (31/M)
Birthday gift for my girlfriend?
How do you tell someone you dont want to live together?
My [2X] long-distance girlfriend [2X] has vastly different political views than me. While previously I was willing to ignore it, these views are beginning to clash with mine in a growingly negative way. Is this worth it?
stuck in therapy
BF gets mad when I ask him to leave my place cause I have to work
My fiance (35M) told me (24F) he is a narcissist. Breakup?
Can't deal with friend's bitterness any more
Emergency Help please. Should I (38M) trust my soon to be ex GF (37F)?
How should I (26F) talk to my Dad (66M) if I suspect he cheated on my Mom (64F)?
My girlfriend’s homophobic ex boyfriend wants to kill me
My bf was watching playboy henti
A letter I wrote to myself after hoping for a change for months
On/Off Girlfriend of 3 Years
My (44 M) daughter (19 F) is jealous of my fiance (31 F) and I really think it has to do with her being more beautiful. How do I deal with a situation I obviously can't bring up?
Im(21M) my gf(20F) i don't know should i breakup or no and how
On/Off Girlfriend of 3 Years
Concerned about my friend group [15M].
People Reddit, tell us about what you did when you lost the meaning of life and why it was?
Divorced friend can't move on, seems to want my marriage to fail
How should I (26F) talk to my dad (66M) if I suspect he was cheating on my mom (64F)?
I [34F] went no contact with my parents, I found out my father passed away and now my wife wants to meet my mother TW;
stuck in therapy
Is she being unreasonable?
I (23M) like to have extreme sex with my (24F) gf
My gf [18f] broke up with me [20m] last night, said she wanted to stay friends, the started ghosting and avoiding me later that night.
My boyfriend refuses to discuss religion
BF gets upset when I ask him to leave while I have to work
Break up
Trouble with boyfriend and roommates
I [F20] think that my mom [F54] is babying my brother [M17...18 in November]
My gf [18f] broke up with me [20m] last night, said she wanted to stay friends, the started ghosting and avoiding me later that night.
My(m21) GF(f18) often gets mad or defensive about total pointless things
Getting over someone who I wasn't really into...help please.
Should I [F26] move in and pay my boyfriends [M27] mortgage if I don’t have legal ties to the house on paper?
My(19M) bestfriend (19F) said I have really depressing personality for her to ever date me. It’s making me go nuts now.
Trouble with boyfriend and roommates
I [F20] think that my mom [F54] is seriously babying my brother [M17... 18 in November]
I’m just following my gf’s orders but everyone seems pissed at me anyway including her. How do I navigate the nuances of my gf’s thought process to better serve her needs?
My (26F) boyfriend (38M) is taking an hour in the bathroom multiple times a day (3-4x)
Me (51F) no longer feeling it with husband (53M) due to different values
My (26F) boyfriend (38M) takes an hour long bathroom break 3-4 times a day
Me [21M] with my GF [21F] of 8 years, I don't love my GF anymore
My(20F) Boyfriend(23M) changed after Covid-19 quarantine and I don’t know how to deal with it.
(21F, 21F) Rekindle after 3-5 years, is it possible?
My (28f) sex life with Husband (31m) and feeling disrespected
How to kill the mood in one text
Should i finally end this pathetic excuse for a friendship?
Me [21 M] with my GF [21 F] of 8 years, I think I don't love her anymore
Should I [F26] pay for my boyfriends [M27] mortgage if I have no legal ties to the house?
a girl that i used to be "friends" with asked if we could meet this week, i said sure and she didn't respond since then, should i call her out on it?
Help needed with online Counseling
Me [21 M] with my Gf [21 F] of 8 years, I don't think I love her anymore.
I'm [27F] having a hard time figuring out how to tell my mom [F65] that I'm moving in with my boyfriend [M34]
I think I’m in love with someone I’m not supposed to be in love with
Me [21 M] with my Long term GF[21F] of 8 years, I don't really feel anything for her. I think
What are some gestures of apology you might ask from a friend, before letting them back in your life?
AITA for calling my boyfriend a freeloader??
Music
My bf (26M) keeps changing his mind about our 4 year relationship. Am I (27F) being unreasonable?
My Boyfriend's changing behaviour
Help needed with online Counseling
27F here and I don’t know how to react to my 27M bf suddenly changing his mind of marriage after nearly four years?
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) has heaps of girls added on his socials for the sake of his music getting more exposure.
My boyfriend (26/m) has female coworker that he is friends with, but he has suddenly stopped talking about her to me, despite them still being quite close?
My guy friend (20M) does not like to have any affiliation with me (20F) in public but is really close to me in private?
My boyfriend (26M) has decided to change his mind on where our nearly four relationship is heading leaving me (27F) feeling lost. Now what?
Am I single or not?
What can I (F22) say to reconnect with my Mom(F42) and sister(F18)?
What are some gestures of apology you might ask for, before deciding to let someone back in your life fully?
My GF (F22) of 4 years admitted to cheating on me (F25) with a co-worker of hers after lying about it when asked the first time. Is there any chance that our relationship can still work out?
Bf (26) has decided to change our life plans - am I (27F) being unreasonable?
How can I (F22) reconnect with my Mom (F42) and sister (F18)?
AITA for calling my boyfriend a freeloader??
Live intensely with no regrets
Bf (26M) has told me (27F) that his plans for us have changed and he doesn’t see us getting married anytime soon after nearly four years...
My Indian parents won’t approve of my relationship with my Nigerian boyfriend
I hate my boyfriend's female best friend
My(20F) Boyfriend(23M) changed after Covid-19 quarantine and I don’t know how to deal with it.
Do overly jealous and obsessive people сhange with time?
I’m not sure whether my bf sees a future with me...
Am I(22) being lead on?
My GF (22f) of four years admitted to recently cheating on me(f25) but I still want to make things work, is there any saving what we have?
Do overly jealous and obsessive people сhange with time?
My ex did things that emotionally hurt me so much but I still hang on to the trauma and pain. I also blame myself. What do I do? How do I move on?
Am I(22) being taken advantage of?
My (43F) husband (43M) refuses to resolve any conflict and I question reality
NEED HELP ASAP ROCKY - men aint shit
I don’t think my bf want to be in love
My Indian parents won’t approve of my relationship with my Nigerian boyfriend
My Gf of 4 years cheated but I still want to be with jer, is there any going back?
My [25f] boyfriend [30M] cheated on me a few months ago and we've been working through it...she texted him last night.
I (18f) always overthink in my relationship with my boyfriend (18m) and i might need some help..
is the guy im seeing on meth?
My [33m] wife [32f] is set on adopting an African American child and stopped being intimate with me until I agree, this has been going on for over a month now.
How can I make sure I don't get excited about dating and screw things up? [28F]
My (18F) Mom (38F) is very controlling.
I(34M) have to raise a child I don't want because of a cultural tradition.
Dad (50M) does not respect my (17F) privacy
(M23) am in love with (F28) but she comes with some serious baggage...
Is it too soon for me (31F) to follow my (ex)boyfriend (31M) on Instagram?
Should i stop pushing away my problems to not be a burden?
What is the dumbest answer to a question you have experienced in dating phase, that made you realize that you're done with the person?
Is it too soon for me (31F) to follow my (ex)boyfriend (31M) on Instagram?
Trully forever single?
I’m (16F) really confused about my crush (16M), any advice is appreciated
Dear Henry
Girlfriend Has Commitment Anxiety
Am I wrong to feel hurt here?
How can I make sure I don't get excited about dating and screw things up? [28f]
Girlfriend Has Commitment Anxiety
Couples together for 5+ years then get married and break up within less than than 5 years?
(M23) am in love with (F28) but she comes with some serious baggage...
Am I wrong to be hurt by my bridesmaid backing out and brushing me off the last minute?
My Gf[23F] of the last year is an introvert and I [22M] enjoy going to the club, how do I get her more comfortable to being outside?
Dear Henry
I (25/F) am thinking about reaching out to a former FWB (27/M) after being neglected.
Way of thinking about crushes
sleeping w friends kind of ex?? oops
My boyfriend just told me “its okay, i still love you” when i was talking about my anxiety. Nobodies ever told me that before, what does it mean?
My [27F] friends [30sM] [30sNB] breakup is destroying my community
My(26f) boyfriend(22m) and I had a fight about culture
My boyfriend and I had a fight about culture, and I don't know who is at fault.
My ex’s best friend requested to follow me (20F) four months post break up?
My Gf [22F] doesn’t enjoy going to the club as much as I do [23M] and I don’t want to refrain from enjoy nights out but I want her more involved
My ex’s best friend requested to follow me on Instagram four months post break up?
I (25F) have been with my husband (29M) for 6 years, but can't stop dreaming about my ex.
My (27M) mother used to wake me up for no reason other than to be awake on the weekends. Did anyone else's parents do this?
Have I outgrown my partner?
Did anyone else's parents wake them up for no reason on the weekends as a teen? Or was it just me?
My (21F) best friend (20M) has been basically ignoring me for almost a month for asking a question that "hurt his feelings".
AITA if I don’t allow my husband to see his kids if he hasn’t actually done anything?
Bf (37) thinks he was sexually abused by his mom? I have 2 kids... what do I do?
The Quarantine Breakup Bible
Me [28F] with my boyfriend [30M] of about 7 months, he blew up on me early this morning because he couldn’t sleep - where do we go from here?
Daughter went no contact with us. I think she’s the one with mental issues?
My [27F] boyfriend [28M] of 1.5 years used my abusive childhood against me in a fight, and I find that hard to get over
I had a fight with my boyfriend about culture, and don't know who is at fault
Partner (29NB) is less motivated/responsible than me (30F)
my boyfriend (17M) is making himself the victim after an argument that started because he said something that hurt me (17F). am i overreacting ?
My girlfriend says she wants us to communicate better when it comes to issues in our relationship, but gets extremely angry/ accusatory/ unfair when I do try to communicate with her about them - there's a specific example which I'd like some advice on in the post.
Not let my husband see the kids even though he hasn’t done anything ?
What are you most grateful for in your relationship?
crush, loneliness, hope/faith [40F]
My [22M] gf [20F] took coke with some strangers on holiday. Did she cheat on me?
I [23/F] upset by [23/M] boyfriend liking girls half naked photos online update
my boyfriend is making himself the victim after an argument that started because he said something that hurt my feelings. am i overreacting ?
He acted so needy [27M] then ghosted me [23F] ... the hell happened
my boyfriend won’t apologize for possibly unintentionally hurting my feelings. am i overreacting ?
communication issues
I [23/F] upset by [23/M] boyfriend liking girls half naked photos online update, still worried
Need some advice
I feel so helpless
I (25M) feel neglected and unloved by my girlfriend (23F) and I'm starting to be unable to tolerate it anymore.
Crazy Girlfriend or is she just scared to trust again?
Her (16F)’s parents don’t like me I don’t think (15m) what should I do?
Significant other (29f) insists that I (29 m) have been looking through her phone and computer, and refuses to believe otherwise.
Help with depression?
What would you do? I (17M), turning 18 in less than a month, Her (18F)
Differing Sex Drives; How to deal with it?
What would you do? I (17M), turning 18 in less than a month, Her (18F)
What would you do? I (17M), 18 in less than a month, Her (18F)
Can someone please help me with this emotional breakdown
What would you do?
Differing Sex Drives; How to deal with it? (M26)
I (15M) am having trouble with her (16F)’s strict parents. How do I handle this?
BF (M30) said "I love you" to another girl jokingly
Can someone please help me with this emotional breakdown
Girlfriend is breaking up with me
My(24M) girlfriend(21F) wants me to follow her to canada
I’m considering fighting for my ex....(long post)
What’s wrong with me? (26F) I’m not attracted to real people.
I want this girl,even if it's in a fwbs scenario at this point. What do i do? She is a boomerang girl it seems.
My [27F] boyfriend [28M] used my abusive childhood against me in a fight, and I find that hard to get over
[21F] Am I being stupid by waiting on this guy? [22m]
I’m not sure if this is the right place, but I need advice. I’m not attracted at all to real people.
UPDATE: New neighbor (50sM) is making me (29F) uncomfortable
[21F] Am I being stupid by waiting on someone? [22M]
I cant bear my BIL's girlfriend anymore.
Am I a cheater for drunk kissing my girl friends?
Ugh- what do I do about this tough situation
Girlfriend and I broke up.
Dating for 6 months and already can’t seem to trust them
My girlfriend and I broke up.
Am I (29F) being unreasonable about boyfriend(31M)?
Am I a cheater for drunk kissing my girlfriends?
How do I (24f) handle this unique friendship? Am I doomed to the pit or is it time to cut ties? (Bit of a doozy..)
Jumping in feet first
I [28m] caused a divide in my gf's [25f] family by calling her sisters [27f] dodgy buisness practise
My (24M) Gf (25F) has been putting on a lot of weight during COVID-19, how do I tell her without coming off as a jerk?
Sorry it’s so long, but thoughts??? 😕
[long] I [28m] created a divide in my gf's [25f] family by calling out her sisters [27f]dodgy business practise
My [F24] husband [M26] won't stop insulting me when I piss him off.
I (24f) am in love with a reality show star (54m)
People of reddit i cheated now im in love with 2 persons
I’m destroyed because my (19f) boyfriend (18f) has ended things “just because”
Will consistency help me?
M28 wants to win over F25 after a few months apart but roles reversed
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate My Old Woman Coworker (f60s)
Psychological Take on Getting An Ex Back
My wife (33F) lost her job due to you-know-what. She’s taking two lavish trips with family while I (33M) am stuck at home teleworking. Am I right to feel left out and annoyed by this?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate My Older Woman Coworker (f50s)
My (19f) boyfriend (18m) broke up with me and won’t explain why.
How can I take care of my parents as they enter retirement?
"Dating culture" today has a strong bias against men
Psychology and Steps after No-Contact
spouse doesn't want me to join the Air Force (previous post removed; details updated)
Am I [22F] over thinking whether he [21M] is interested?
I [m21] just broke up with my girlfriend [f21] and I already regret it
I [m21] just broke up with my girlfriend [f21] of 3.5 years and I already regret it
Advice?
Why do FWB guys [39M] pretend to be celibate good boys, pretending they haven't had sex in a long time since the last time they saw you? (it's pointless? lol)
My (22F) boyfriend (25M) claims I am enabling my friend’s (23F) inappropriate behaviour
Should I [26F] continue to date other men whilst seeing him [31M]?
I [m21] am already regretting breaking up with my girlfriend [f21] of 3.5 years
How do I overcome petty thoughts and insecurities regarding girlfriend’s past?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
Should I [34M] ask my friends for help with the parts of my personality I don't like? If so, how?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
My girlfriend’s [22F] drunkenness is a guilty pleasure of mine [26M]
My bf [M 23] told me I act too immature [F 20] and said that if I continue this way we will break up and he is right.Any tips?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
Should I [34M] ask my friends for help with the parts of my personality I don't like? If so, how?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
My new coworker keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
I’m wondering if families ever “adopt” young adults? How could I (f23) begin to look for such an arrangement?
I’m wondering if families ever “adopt” young adults? How could I (f23) begin to look for this kind of arrangement?
I haven’t made any new friends in a new country, and my boyfriend doesn’t seem like he wants to.
BF's (31m) relationship w coworker (36f) concerns me - what should I (36f) do?
I think I'm [26F] getting married to a racist narcissist [29M] I dont know how to detangle
I [20F] feel like my bf [22M] doesn’t want to be with me anymore but he isn’t leaving me and I can’t bring myself to leave him
Boyfriend and I are both somewhat socially anxious and it’s causing me to go into depression.
spouse doesn't support me joining the AF
I’m wondering if families ever “adopt” young adults? How could I find this kind of arrangement?
spouse doesn't support me being a pilot in the air force
I've seen plenty of past posts from people wanting to break up with someone with mental illness, but how do I (22F) break up with someone (21M) because of MY OWN mental illness?
Hard to fully explain, but a ? for the gals —
I (16 born f) led on my friend (20m) for a while before I realized he might be a pedophile
Affodable Kolkata escorts
Has anyone else taken the Big Five Personality Test with their partner?
I (19M) got betrayed by my (18F) girlfriend
He [36M] smoked some pot and went driving. It's one of my [36F] big dealbreakers but want to check if I'm (un)reasonable
Please help this girl (f17) with an attachment issue.
Please help this girl (17) with an attachment issue
I (m30) miss her (f31) more than words can describe.
UPDATE: Boyfriend (37M) quits job for second time without even telling me (32F)
How to deal with an attachment issue?
My (24F) best friend (25F) and I haven’t talked in 8 months because of my ex boyfriend. I don’t know if I should reach out or let it go
I (25M) Was Unfaithful To My Soulmate (27F) 10 Months Ago and it Came Out Last Night
Please help this girl with an attachment issue.
fell in love with what I (32f) believe is a green card scammer (37?m) that I met on Tinder Passport while isolated in quarantine. i need some perspective, please.
I miss her more than words can describe.
I (25M) Made The Largest Mistake of My Life and Cheated on My Soul Mate (27F)
My bf and I just made up and I’ve upset him by saying something I didn’t mean, what do I do?
I wonder if she likes my books???
Yekum Ane - Stages Of Love In A Relationship
What to call someone you’re flirting with?
What to call a guy you’re flirting with?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s) on the Job
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s) on the Job
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s) on the Job
When should I [27 M] reveal to a potential partner about weird kink
People who have married someone that wasn’t your typical “type”, what’s your story and how was it worked out?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s).
My (36f) bf's (31m) relationship with a coworker (36f) concerns me - what should I do?
People who have married someone that wasn’t your typical “type”, what’s your story and how was it worked out?
Relationship dying?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s).
People who have married someone that wasn’t your typical “type”, what’s your story and how was it worked out?
How can I help my girlfriend feel less anxious about my female friends?
Is this normal in a relationship?
Not love of my life?
I get clingier the less he cares, and push him away when he gets clingy, and I can't help it and it hurts so bad. What do I do?
Not love of my life
4 years post break up. (22M)
Does anyone really get to unlove their first love?
What are some online therapy I can do with my partner ?
4 years post breakup. (22m)
4 years post breakup (22M)
I've only had one serious relationship that didn't work out and I'm still not ready for another one 4 years later.
My boyfriend(18M) told me(18F) “and for some reason you make me hate myself more“
My boyfriend(18M) told me(18F) “and for some reason you make me hate myself more“
"I don't know what I want right now "
My bestfriend never wants to do anything or go anywhere with me now
"I don't know what I want right now "
My boyfriend told me “and for some reason you make me hate myself more“
My friend never wants to do or go anywhere with me, only wants to "hang out"
I am finally done with my toxic relationship
I (38M) am worried my anxiety will ruin my relationship with my boyfriend (49M)
My (F22) boyfriend (M24) won’t apologise when he’s in the wrong and it’s annoying me a lot. How can I make him see that how he is handling things is counter productive towards our relationship?
My (F22) boyfriend (24M) won’t apologise when he’s in the wrong and it’s beginning to annoy me a lot. How can I make him see that how he’s handling things isn’t productive towards our relationship.
Mum and brother have extremely disturbing relationship, I’m worried about how it is affecting him socially
I’m scared my anxiety will ruin my relationship with my boyfriend
How to be less insecure around my successful sibling?
My (f) boyfriend hates being in the wrong and I’m unsure how to communicate that it’s not helpful to our relationship
Is a woman who knows what she wants attractive to a man?
my boyfriend (19M) won't sleep with me (18F) anymore
My mum and younger brothers relationship has always been a little weird, but its starting to get more disturbing and effecting my brother socially, he’s 14 turning 15 this year
Is a woman who knows what she wants attractive to a man?
Is it possible for a depressed person to be in a relationship? And if you're, how do your partners handle your breakdowns.
My sibling is more successful than me
(F18) Idk what to do I'm just so fucked up.
I (21M) am not sure how to further my relationship with my "friend" (21F)
After a 4 years relationship I (23m) broke up yesterday with my SO (28m) and I don’t know how to cope
How can I say sorry?
My bf and I have different sex drives and I have issues with gender (yay!)
My boyfriend lies so much (cheating, std tests, etc.,) but I never find out until months or years later??
I (21M) am not sure how to further my relationship with my "Friend"(21F)
I (23m) broke up yesterday with my SO (28m) after a 4 years relationship and I don’t know how to cope
Ex-FWB [28M] wants to bring his GF [27F] when meeting me [25F]
My BFF (31F) is cheating on her husband, who is also a friend of mine, what do I do?
My BF (31F) is cheating on her husband
F (23) broke up with BF M (24) 1.5 years ago over him cheating. He was cheating on me with a male he met online which he never fully admitted. We never had a conversation about his sexuality. I am totally over it all but curious to find out what was going through his head. Should I reach out ?
My BF is cheating on her Husband
Crush of 4 years moves away and I don’t know what to do
I (M 22) stuck in a triangle (F F M). Need advise
my insane ex girlfriend story
Gf (f22) of 15 months just dumped me (m28). Struggling for closure.
I’ve been in a relationship for 4 years, but I’m starting to feel very confused about my sexuality.
I(21m) Texted a romantic interest(18f) over 100 times while she ignored me
How did you get over the person you’re in love with?
Am I wrong for feeling like the second choice?
How did you get over the person you love ?
My (19f) boyfriend (18m) wants to break up because of lockdown ruining our conversations
What do you think when someone says they aren’t dating right now?
What do you think of those who say they aren’t dating right now?
Does everyone in the world fall in love?
My [33NB] partner [24NB] living with me during lockdown is really bad for our relationship and he seems unable to move out for complex reasons
My (19f) boyfriend (19m) wants to break up because of lockdown
Can you be my gf
How do I get over my girlfriend being raped?
Am I (23F) wrong for dumping my boyfriend (24M) after going through his phone?
How to "deal with pain" after breakup?
Is the guy im seeing on meth?
How to "deal with the pain" after breakup?
My (20'sF) crush/FWB (20'sM) said "I love you."
How do I set myself up to get out of a marriage
How do I set myself up to get out of a marriage
My (39F) husband (38M) is having a hard time dealing with our fertility issues and it's affecting our relationship.
I don’t know what to do
I don’t know what to do
How do i stop loving somone and accept they no longer love me( sorry its a long one )
Co-worker (23f) constantly pointing out my (27M) mistakes. What to do?
My former roommate emailed my mom and said I was a rude person?
Co-worker (23f) constatly points out at my mistakes (27m). How to approach her?
I (f,27) am really getting fed up with my friend/ex (f, 23) her life has so much drama and I suspect she’s back to smoking heroin
Should I reach out to my ex 3-4 years after the break up?
Blindsided by confession
Dated for Six Years, Married for Seven Months. Husband (28M) going Through Intense Depression.
My bf reacting always to the post with the girl that he have a crush with
9 Signs Of A Failing Relationship || Time To Leave
Don't find men (mine 27M included) attractive. I'm (20F) not gay or anything.
Don't find men (mine included) attractive. I'm not gay or anything.
Why do I find all men unattractive as a woman.
Twin beds or not to twin beds
I don’t feel supported by my partner. Is it time to end things?
Blindsided by confession
hello
I think I just like someone loving me
I feel like all I want is love
I just want someone to love
I found my dads condoms. I think he is cheating. What do I do.
When I (29f) suggested my bf (31m) should see a therapist, he started seeing one alright....
Hey how are you
Is losing feelings for your partner normal in relationships?
I found my dads condoms. I think he is cheating. What do I do.
I’m conflicted
hello
Please help me
Am I (23F) wrong for dumping my boyfriend (24M) after going through his phone?
i (f18) found out that my mom (f50) goes thru my phone while i'm showering
I got my girlfriend a birthday gift. She didn't like it and told me to return it to get a refund. Did I mess up?
Hey how are you all boys
Am I (23F) wrong for dumping my boyfriend (24M) after going through his phone?
My [21F] boyfriend [24M] has a fetish for Muslim girls, specifically Iranian, Syrian and North African
Is it alright if I (21F) am dating someone who is 10 years older than me? (31M)
How do I [F24] open up to my SO [M26] about insecurities?
Am I a bad person??
Am I a bad person
im 14 and have a roughly 3 inch penis, my girlfriend wants to give me a handjob and im scared that she will make fun of me
for those of you who have cheated on a partner, is there a particular reason why you stopped cheating? did the person you were dating that you knew you didn’t want to screw up? or what were the reason(s)?
I got my girlfriend a birthday gift. She didn't like it and rejected it. She told me it was a cheap gift and she will not wear it as it's not her style. She told me to get my refund so I didn't waste my resources. Is my girlfriend ungrateful and materialistic or is it me.
Is it ok if I (21F) date someone 10 years older than me? (31M)
How do I [22F] know if he [21M] is interested?
Did I mess up?
How to know if he likes me?
The Silent Treatment
The Silent Treatment
How to help something out of my control
My best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore it?
I (18M) miss my ex. I have a girlfriend (18F)
This has current nothing to do with a relationship because I’ve never been in one but i’m proud
I (18M) miss my ex. I have a girlfriend (18F).
He (25M) told me (28F) he “needs a break” - what can I do while waiting?
Should I (18M) Be Worried She (20F) Is Using Me?
How to get over an ex
I’ve ended things because he wouldn’t take “no” for an answer
Should I (18M) Be Worried She (20F) Is Using Me?
My Best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore it?
Would you be offended or actually try to listen and reflect when asked this
My [30F] SO [33M] and I have an unresolved argument- we are trying to move forward but are unable to
I (M/30s) recently learned my ex lost a family member.
Would you be offended or actually reflect and try to listen when asked this type of question?
I 43m seem to be having issues with my 27f GF , we are constantly arguing over the fact that I find other women attractive
Guy sent pic of himself crying. Why? 🚩?
His secrets are making me want to seek attention else where..
I am scared I keep making the same mistakes and hurting myself.
My gf finds it hard to deal with the fact I find other women attractive.
My best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore it?
How do you help you’re girlfriend when she’s insecure of her bust size?
How do you help you’re girlfriend when she’s insecure of her bust size?
Confused seeking advice
Confused seeking advise
What is everyone’s thoughts on the; “friendship breakups hurt more than actual relationships” discussion?
My best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore?
I (M/30s) recently learned of a death in an ex’s family.
Confused seeking advice
I (21F) have a crush on a friend (23M) who says they are possibly Asexual
Me (48f) with my husband (39m) of ten years - I asked him to help me maintain safe social distancing boundaries with his mom (62f) when she came to visit, but I feel like he failed me.
I’m crushing on a friend who says they’re possibly Asexual
I (M/30s) recently learned of a death in an ex’s family.
How do I (30F) help my boyfriend (40M) make friends?
Is there a support group for men that doesn’t have harmful/negative/regressive ideologies
Should I reach out to an ex after a death in their family?
I like this girl but torn on what I should do next
Not jealous anymore?
I [31F] am feeling left behind. Suggestions?
My (26F) boyfriend (21M) doesn’t know how to initiate sex? (Trigger: BDSM discussion)
I (24F) don’t feel like having sex anymore
GF[F,23] cheated on me[m,24] by sexting old hookup
Me [25/F] finding myself not excited about my future with my boyfriend [24M] of 3 years (how to ask for a break?)
Ex boyfriend has same group of friends
Normal to feel that my dad is attracted to me?
LGBT celebrity: I had dinner with 7 HIV carriers
Dad (55?M) somewhat attracted to me (23F)?
My Gf[23] cheated on me[24] by sending nudes to ex
What should I do?
Does she even miss me?
Hooking up with/ dating my brothers best friend advice?
Working with Ex
Is it normal to feel like your dad is somewhat attracted to you?
what does she want from me??
Are my (23 F) parents (55 F) (62 M) evil?
why does my anxiety and depression come back after getting into a new romantic relationship? (F21)
My(22M) girlfriend (18F) broke up with me
I (22F) think I might be falling for one of my closest friends (21F)
My(25F) boyfriend(25M) of a year, won't allow me to end things..
why does my depression and anxiety come back after i get into a new romantic relationship?
Should i [25F] apologize for sending my friend [25F] home while she was kind of drunk
what does she want from me??
I’m dating a unmotivated stoner
Still in love with my abuser.
Advice on hooking up with/dating my brother's best friend.
My girlfriend has anxiety and I don’t know if I’m strong enough to help her
Help drug dealer boyfriend
Should i [25f] apologize for sending my friend [25f] home while she was drunk
Still in love with my abuser.
How do you get over emotional barriers?
I (28f) don't feel comfortable with anything sex now since the guy (37m) I lost my virginity to left me
how do you know it's time to let go?
How to tell if she's interested?
Fight leaving me scared he wants to end it
Engagement ring timing
My fiance hid 30k in debt from me
Smoking with my wife;
My fiancé has 30k in collections that she has kept hidden
Girlfriend received a gift from her male friend
how do you know that it's time to let go?
Do many men only date conventionally attractive women?
Girlfriends male friend bought her a gift
My [30F] GF thinks I'm [28M] adding women on snap during the 1st month of our relationship...
Relationships
My (30yo) GF thinks I'm (28yo) adding women on Snap DURING the 1st month of our relationship..
Is dry pussy good? (30f)
I want to leave my household
My (36f) husband (37m) has very mini "freak out". I get angry each time and find it hard to just let it go.
Is dry pussy good?
My GF thinks I'm adding people on Snap during our relationship.
I (19 M) just got dumped by my ex (19 F). We had been dating for over a month, but I’ve known her for 2 years.
communication-style friction
I (19 M) just got dumped by my ex (19 F). We had been dating for over a month, but I’ve known her for 2 years.
strange communication styles
I want to leave
Is it normal to not have a friendship group? (F19)
I'm [21F] not sure if this relationship with him [21M] is worth it.
Do men date to get over the ex?
Is it normal to not have a friendship group? (F19)
I got mad at my bf for peeing outside. Am I wrong ?
Is it valid to be upset that my friend hasn’t checked in?
Partner thinks I'm less attracted to them
I might have driven my partner out of my life.
My mother has fallen asleep next to me and I can't help but feel panicked and uncomfortable.
How do I (f20) tell my parents (m52, f42) that I’m not going to be at dinner all the time?
I [F23] am trying to help my partner [M22] through a difficult period, but I keep coming off as insincere?
Does anyone else have boyfriend who can’t move on from exes
I [23F] am trying to help my partner [22M] through a difficult period, but I keep coming off as insincere?
I might have driven away the love of my life
Am I overthinking??
My [22 F] new roommate [22 F] of less than one month is constantly asking me for favors and is generally disrespectful of our shared space. I don’t know how to talk to her.
How do I (28M) find someone to look up to?
How do I (28M) find someone to look up to?
My [31F] , Fiancé [33M]. He is perpetually dissatisfied with his job/s, it’s causing huge issues, and I have no idea what to do about it anymore
My 22 [F] new roommate of around 1 month 22 [F] won’t stop asking me for favors and seems to be taking advantage of me, and is just generally disrespectful of our home.
I don’t know if I (14M) tolerate my mom (30F) any longer.
Strong feelings for a close friend, feel stuck and dont know what to do?
I [18F] have been feeling really anxious about my 1 year relationship with my girlfriend [18F]
Young relationship suffering from Arguments and Differences
My boyfriend has a playlist for his ex gf
I [18f] have been feeling really anxious about my 1 year relationship with my girlfriend [18f]
Long distance is hard when your technology has started to fail you
Totally bitter about relationships (28f)
I (24f) really bad epileptic with (32m) healthy
I (19m) broke up with my girlfriend (18f) but now I want to get back together
Strong feelings for a close friend, feel stuck and dont know what to do?
So, I tried to watch Apocalypto with my wife
I think my bf is intentionally damaging my self esteem
Relationship with Epileptic
I (26F) am a young professional in a mid-career role, unwillingly carrying a heavy workload; co-workers unresponsive.
Gift being discarded by girlfriend (F19)
Hate my wife's vibrator. Help
Should I stop reaching out? Friendship advice (20F, 20F)
My fiance is "micro-cheating" and I want to know how I can salvage the relationship.
Friendship advice
Uncertain of all my relationships and have no where to go for talking about my sadness
Am I in the wrong for pushing my father ?
How to deal with my enmeshed dilemma
Boyfriend (29M) don’t like my pussy (30F)
Sex
I want more perspectives and insight on me improving
Sex
How can I(18m) let go of my ex?
Together 3 years, me 28f him 37m: I am ready for the next steps and he can’t seem to make a decision about anything.
Boyfriend (29M) don’t like my sex (30F)
I'm wanting perspectives and insight on me improving
Gift being discarded by Girlfriend(19F)
How can I let go of my ex?
How do I begin to mend my relationship with my father when he doesn’t know I’m on the verge of going low/no contact? (Long)
Women of Reddit: How can you put up being in a relationship with a man?
Is this girl into me ?
Sex
Is it bad that I (21F) get mad at my bf (21M) for peeing outdoors?
I (23F) don't want to break up with my (30M) boyfriend, but I think my mental health issues are ruining both of us.
WOULD YOU
At 25 I find myself wishing I was friends with a successful female mentor who is living the life that I aspire to have. Do other girls feel the same?
Sex
My fiance is "micro-cheating" and I want to know the best way to save our relationship.
I [M19] rarely get blowjobs or handjobs from my girlfriend [F19]?
Boyfriend [29M] and I [26F] of 6 months..having an argument over coronavirus precautions
Boyfriend sent Ex girlfriend a message
Topics w s/o lead to defensiveness and arguments because of poor communication
Boyfriend sent ex a video on instagram
Ex got a new girl, any advice would help
Content to learn about how to communicate without making people defensive
Ex got a new girl, any advice helps
I miss my little sister.
My GF (31F) and I (27M) began our relationship at the beginning of the pandemic and basically have a long-distance relationship in the same town, because she doesn't feel comfortable leaving her apartment or being within close proximity of anyone
How do (I22f) get my ex(43m) to destroy a nude painting of me?
my boyfriend [m/21] fell asleep with his head in my [f/20] lap
my boyfriend fell asleep with his head on my lap
I (28F) can't seem to get over ex-bf (31M) of 3 months after breaking up a year ago. Please tell me the pain will stop.
My BF's (32M) family will not accept me (31F)
Boyfriend is slowly resenting me?
We met on tiktok and I can’t believe it.
I think my bf is trying to damage my image of myself and I'm afraid it might be working.
The fact that I met him on tiktok blows my mind
I have a weird feeling my bf did something he shouldn’t have done.
My (45M) wife (43F) won't get rid of ex's pics even though she had an EA with him after we got married.
How long is it ok to keep pics of an ex after you get married?
I [21M] became best friend with my crush [20F] . How do I get unstuck?
My mum says my boyfriend puts up with me
How long did you keep pictures of ex’s after you get married? Do you keep things from past relationships? If so, what is acceptable to keep?
I feel like I’m not good enough
How long did you keep pictures of ex’s after you get married? Do you keep things from past relationships? If so, what is acceptable to keep?
Was I (33F) too hard on my brother's girlfriend (29f) about her alcoholism?
I [25 M] am starting to snap at my friend [29 M], and I don't know what to do.
Am I (24M) overthinking about about my gf (20F)?
Am I (24m) overthinking stuff about my gf? (20f)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How am I feeling?
Just got dumped over text.
My (27M) fiance (25F) doesn't feel a connection anymore.
[30M] & [28F] - Buy House Before Or After Marriage?
Buy House Before Or After Marriage?
I [25M] had a huge crush on a coworker/boss [33M] whom I thought had a crush on me, but he just bought a house with his wife. I feel oddly heartbroken, confused, and have been crying. Please help me move on ASAP!
I[27F] am struggling with talking about sensitive topics with my Boyfriend49M]
What should I do? [27 M] [24F] should I keep this friendship going or just give up for the better.
I don’t know what to do anymore
[24M] Can I still be gay if penis doesn’t turn me on?
[19M]Fell in love with this girl and knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her
I'm so confused about my (past) relationship
Thinking of ending an engagement, looking for advice from those who have been in a similar situation
I [25F] had a crush on my colleague/boss [33M] for AGES because it really seemed like he liked me. But it turns out he never did (he just bought a big house with his wife), and I feel so disappointed and heartbroken. I want to move on ASAP. Help!
I'm so confused in my (past) relationship...
Just broke up with boyfriend that I still love... advice? Wisdom?
I [23F] befriended someone online only to find out much later that they were much younger than me [15F]
Looking for Redditors who have ended an engagement/marriage/serious relationship
I (early 20s M) need help achieving a happy ending in my relationship with her (early 20s F)
My boyfriend (21) is mad at me because i (19) didn’t smile for him because i was annoyed he ignored me.
I [29M] feel guilty about weird attraction to girlfriend’s [23F] drinking
I (m21) found Chlamydia antibiotics that may be my partner's (20f)
I [29/M] have given up on my [26/F] gf of five years, and I feel guilty despite it being a toxic relationship
My partner [24NB] and I [33NB] are both autistic and communication is really, really hard right now in various ways. I'm scared and need advice.
Any "Right Person, Wrong Time" ever work out in the end?
My [28M] nephew [10M] doesn't see much of his father, and my schedule has opened up due to a new job. What's the best way to spend time with him that helps build him up?
I (m21) found STI antibiotics that may be my partner's (20f)
My [28M] nephew [10M] doesn't see much of his father, and my schedule has opened up due to a new job. What's the best way to spend time with him that helps build him up?
Wife Regrets Elopement
My [21] friend [20F] traces art?
My Bipolar Disorder is ruining the only good relationship I have ever had.
Life
I, (30, M) a Muslim dealing with a newly religious Catholic girlfriend (25, F) causing a major rift in our relationship.
Baby father troubles (24F) (24M) the other girl (21F)
My Bipolar Disorder is ruining and most likely ending an amazing three year relationship.
I [29M] am weirdly infatuated by girlfriend’s [23F] drinking
Baby father troubles (24F) (24M) the other girl (21F)
Just broke up with my boyfriend that I still love.. advice? Wisdom?
Was I (33f) too harsh on my brother's girlfriend (29f)?
Was it wrong for me(26/m) to ask to hang out with my married former co worker(40/f)?
How can I[29M] convince my SO [25F] that I just prefer being single but still love her?
I turned down a job from a family friend and I feel extremely guilty about it
Struggling in lockdown M28 and F26
Babyfather troubles
Wife Regreting Elopement After Two Months
After two years of no contact I got drunk over the weekend and called my ex
My boyfriend is mad at me because i didn’t smile for him because i was annoyed he ignored me.
How to I politely tell my boyfriend that I feel like I'm an afterthought in his life.
How do I deal with my landlord(56/F) who wants to strong arm me(22/M) into putting my wifi modem in my room and not the livingroom?
I (M19) have different opinions than my girlfriend (F19) and i don't know how to handle it
How do I deal with my landlord(56/F) who wants to strong arm me(22/M) into putting my wifi modem in my room and not the livingroom?
21(F) feel like I’m more affectionate and make more effort than my 22(M) boyfriend
My now, ex boyfriend broke up with me through text twice this week. I just don’t even know anymore.
I (M19) has very different opinions than my girlfriend (M19) and it's bothering me
Advice to someone who is 30/f and still on the fence with having children
Advice to someone who is 30/f and still on the fence with having children
How do I deal with my landlord who wants to strong arm me into putting my wifi modem in my room and not the livingroom?
I don’t even know how to title this mess of a situation
I (20M) just got into a relationship with (20F), what’s some good advice?
How do I [37F] keep sane while my partner [42M] is addicted to WoW?
I don’t even know how to title this mess of a situation
My (22f) online 'friend' (22m) may have a girlfriend? Do I say something?
This guy (22m) I've (22f) been "friends" with online for 10 months has a girlfriend? What do I do?
Do you think a future can happen?
Me (28M) and GF (26M) struggling in lockdown.
Clingy , need help!
Relationship struggling during lockdown
Am I over complicating things with him?
How can I help my friend get out of her toxic relationship?
How do I let her know I’m not trying to be friends
How can I help my friend get out of her toxic relationship?
Is it okay to refuse to see my [24F] serious [26M] boyfriend's mentally ill mother until she gets help? She screamed at me and chased me out of his house while I was in tears this weekend...really need advice.
My boyfriend kept trying to get me in the mood even after I told him I was tired and just wanted to cuddle
Girlfriend? More like maid.
I (22M) got told by a girl (20F) that she wasn’t ready for a relationship, given me mixed signals, but in reality I think it was polite way of saying that I am not attractive enough.
How do I [24F] explain to my mom [55F] that I don’t feel comfortable or safe staying with her?
I [21f] feel guilty about planning to leave my boyfriend [26m] without any warning.
NEED ADVICE ASAP!!! HELP A BROTHA OUT!!
I'm (20F) thinking about getting some beauty procedures done and my boyfriend (22M) is saying he'll break up with me?
My boyfriend's [26M] mentally ill mother [38F] screamed at me [24F] and chased me out of his house, and I have no wish to see her ever again.
i (25f) am freaking out and feeling extremely emotional with a fwb(???) I need some advice.
is she pyscho? OR is she still hurt
I need help with getting closure over my boyfriend still trying to be more intimate even after I said I only wanted to cuddle long ago
Is it acceptable to to speak with a third party about relationship problems 28F 35M
I (19M) hade sex with my best friend (19F) and I caught feelings
Really struggling over a long term relationship breakup
I (22M) got told by a girl (20F) that she wasn’t “ready for a relationship”. Is a legit thing to say or probably I am not attractive enough?
First Break Up. Don’t Know If I Should Keep Seeing My Now Ex Girlfriend As Just Friends.
I’m (20F) thinking about getting some beauty procedures done and my boyfriend (22M) is saying he’ll break up with me?
Father [50M] wants my [18M] brother [15M] and my mother [45+F] to move in with me when I move out next year
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
Am I right to be upset? Or am I overreacting?
If it hurts, does that mean that I have feelings for her?
I [22f] am having guilt about plankton abandon my relationship with m hm boyfriend [26m].
I [22f] am angry that my boyfriend [21m] didn't come to my place after my dad [53m] had a heart attack yesterday
Boyfriend kept trying to be intimate even though I was feeling tired and said I wanted to cuddle
My [22f] boyfriend [21m] is not answering when I ask him to come at my place when my dad [53m] had a heart attack yesterday
Texted for a long time and newer met, until now. (M21/F18)
I'm (18f) really worried about my best friend (18f) because her boyfriend (21m) is super controlling and we're falling apart because of it.
How do I 26M get over feelings of intimidation / jealousy towards my 26F girlfriend?
Do you ever wonder why you’re a twat/ can be a twat to your partner on certain occasions?
Should I cut out my racist parents?
Am I (F22) wrong for feeling ignored by my fiance (24M)?
My [20M] gf [21F] is ignoring me because I didn't message her last night while out with friends
Should i breakup for good this time?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Should i break up for good this time?
My [20M] gf [20F] is ignoring me because I didn't update her on what I was doing last night while I was seeing some friends
My (28F) bizarrely secretive housemate (32M)
I (18) am worried about my best friend (18)'s controlling boyfriend (21)
I feel ignored and forgotten.
A girl (F15) is catching feelings for me but I'm (M17) not Sure about mine since..
My [25F] boyfriend [29M] of 8 months said I'm being "holier than thou"
My (21m) GF (20F) broke up with me because I felt her up too much
My (28F) bizarrely secretive 32M housemate
Now may be a single mom after three year relationship
My gf(20) and i(21) are in a bit of a weird situation over here...
I (38f) can't explain this but I ignored everything for several years and married a complete jerk (40m)....now what.
I [19M] am thinking about ending a 2 year long relationship with [19F] girlfriend
Will this feeling of loss and missing an ex always stay?
My gf and I are in a bit of a weird situation here... [m/21] [f/20]
My bf’s [38m] baby mama has some strange behavior and I [29f] don’t know how to proceed
My girlfriend (f20) of 2.5 years broke up with me (m21) saying I made her uncomfortable
How do I (29/F) tell my boyfriend (29/M) that his good friend (29/M) had kind-of-sort-of said something inappropriate to me the other day without making waves for them as roommates?
My [17M] acquaintance [18M] is mad at me for not including him because he didn't get into a prestigious school
NSFW my bf went to a rub and tug and told me about it
Why do toxic parents think they can invade their children's privacy?
Am I a fool for chasing after someone who doesn't want me? (26F/30M)
Why do toxic parents think they can invade their children's privacy?
Looking for a serious relationship
Bf went to a rub and tug and idk how to feel
Am I a fool for chasing after someone who doesn't want to be with me?
My (21f) boyfriend (22m) already decided the names of our future children and I don’t get a vote
I (28m) feel like ‘most’ relationships are too superficial, am I wrong?
My bf went to a rub and tug and idk how to feel...?
I (35/m) don’t want kids but my wife (34/f) does and now we have a kid
Now may be a single mom of two kids after a three year relationship
I [19M] am thinking about ending a 2 year long relationship with [19F] girlfriend
My GF(22F) is scared to settle down right now and I (23M) don't know what to do.
Hellooooo
Are relationships becoming more superficial these days or less so?
Are relationships becoming more superficial these days or less so?
Are Relationships Becoming More Superficial or Less so these days?
Is my (M30) bf cheating on me (F27)
My (f22) boyfriend (m23) and I are having a rough patch
My [27F] boyfriend of three years [33M] won't go to the doctor.
How do I (24F) let go of a healthy relationship with (25M)? Should I wait? Long.
How do I (24F) let go of a healthy relationship with (25M)? Should I wait? Long.
My [32F] friends [late 20s/early 30sF] offered to throw a baby shower for me for baby #2 due in July. And then nothing happened.
How can I ask an ex-coworker if she is still with her then boyfriend, without being too forward?
My parents abusive marriage is killing my mother and I feel like my hands are tied
I (22F) rejected a close friend and now he isn’t talking to me, I don’t know what to do
Friends or more?
My boyfriend (20m) and I (21f) haven’t had sex in 3 months
Should I (18M) continue my relationship with my GF (17F)?
My parents abusive marriage is killing my mom and I feel like my hands are tied
How do I know my bf (M) 30 cheated on me (F) 27?
My boyfriend (20m) and I (21f) haven’t had sex in 3 months
Should I continue the relationship?
I (20f) am not sure whether to stay with my boyfriend (22m)...starting to resent certain things about him
I [20] don’t want to associate with my sister [18] anymore.
My brother [18M] is an ABUSIVE and narcissistic piece of shit that I honestly couldn’t care for anymore.
Have you ever fallen out of love with someone and then fallen back in love with them?
How do I know if my (M)30 bf is cheating on me (F)27???
I (21F) am worried that I am causing the end of my parents' relationship
Am I [23F] out of line for being bothered that my friend with benefits [25M] talks to his ex [23F], who openly hates me?
My (28M) roommate confessed his love to me (30M) and I'm unsure how to move forward
My[M24] Girlfriend[F23] is being used by her own family.
My (28M) roommate confessed his love to me (30M) and I'm unsure on how to move forward
Do you need help with your breakup?
How can I help my(18F) boyfriend (18M) eat healthier?
I (F21) confessed my feelings to a guy and now I feel guilty
How do I know if he’s cheating? (F)27 (M)30
I’m 100% sure my boyfriend’s (25m) preference is white and asian women. I’m (22f) Black!
My (24M) Ex's (24F) Ex BFF (24F) - PG to the max
I’m confused if I should let my boyfriend go or not
My (24M) Ex's (24F) Ex BFF (24F) - PG Post
My boyfriend is mad at me for getting upset he doesn't respect my culture and called me pretentious
Boyfriend called me pretentious for being upset he doesn't realise his white privilege
Help me get a read on this situation.
Give your read on this situation TL;DR
Give me your read on this situation, getting mixed signal tl:dr
Requiring an opinion on this situation *Long read*
M24 looking for advice on new relationship with F24. Might be getting ghosted??
My boyfriend (29M) doesn’t like my dry pu**y (30F)
My husband (37) Constantly accuses me of petty things, and I (29F) am tired of it.
I(20f) exposed my brother(25m) for sexually abusing me as a kid to my mom a few days ago, but now they're acting as if nothing ever happened.
I (21/F) just almost got raped by a 'good' friend (21/M)
My boyfriend doesn’t like my dry pu**y
My girlfriend (F17) feels that something is ”off” about me (m17)
My girlfriend (F17) feels that something is ”off” about me (m17)
Does it sound as though my (23F) boyfriend's (25M) mother (50F) is intentionally being rude to me/giving backhanded compliments?
(25F) Feeling insecure due to boyfriend’s (19M) past relationships and flings.
Should I [22/f] tell him I kissed another guy [19/m]?
I’ve (26F) been dating a guy (26M) for about a month and we still have not had sex.
My (29M) girlfriend (30F) will never back down from any argument
Advice on how to initiate a second date after the first signs of getting ghosted.
I (33 NB) Just Want To Do Things For Myself, but my Partner (32 M) Keeps Trying To Help Me
My husbands (37) constant accusations are making me (29F) question our marriage.
How to initiate a relationship without being presumptuous, creepy, or annoying
I (19f) am sick and tired of my boyfriend (41m) being such a creep, he says it’s unintentional.
My mom (46F) really upset my (18F) boyfriend (17M) at dinner and now he wants me to choose between either him or her
Cheating EX is smearing me and threatening to report me to the police
I (29f) caught my bf (31m) being really chatty with another woman online....and I suddenly remembered something he told me about his previous girlfriend. Red flag?
My(24M) girlfriend(26F) and I are on a break right now.
[22M and 25F, age difference and society breaking us up(India)
My bf (35m) chose a kid over me (25f) and broke up with me
Comparing
Me [27M] discovered connection with [24F] and is overwhelming
20 yrs (F) flirting with 14 yrs (M).
How can I help my boyfriend eat healthier?
How to handle Digital jealousy (f, 25)
My (33F) boyfriend (36) admitted to seeing prostitutes in the past.
My long distance bf (35m) dumped me (25f) over a little girl
I (33 NB) Just Want to Do Things For Myself Sometimes, but My Fiance (32 M) Just Wants to Help
I started seeing this guy, realized that I'm hot and don't know what I'm doing and now I'm overwhelmed!
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) of nine months keeps giving me unsolicited advice.
Lost after breakup with my best friend
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) of nine months keeps giving me unsolicitated advice.
My BF admitted to having used prostitutes in the past
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) keeps giving me unsolicited advice.
Digital jealousy
32F Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
How to handle digital jealousy?
Best anniversary thus far! 🥰
My (M/24) Ex-girlfriend (F/22) broke up with me 5 months ago but has recently started taking lots of shots at me on social media. Since we run in the same social circles, it makes me very uncomfortable and I'd like for her to stop.
Can't help but feeling lost after breakup
32F Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
I (31f) am concerned my boyfriend's (32M) mom (58F) is financially taking advantage of him
Bf (35) dumped me (25) over a little girl
Am I [23F] out of line for being bothered that my friend with benefits [25M] talks to his ex, who openly hates me?
My (23f) bf (26m) is constantly looking at other girls in public and it makes me uncomfortable
I (25m) don’t picture myself being in romantic relationships in the future, just having friends, and I don’t know if it is ok.
I'm (31F) concerned my boyfriend's (32M) mom (58F) is financially taking advantage of him
sex life
What was the best date you’ve ever been on?
It is impossible to disagree with my mother without her escalating things and gaslighting me, and it's ruining our relationship
I feel like I’m in some sort of weird triangle.
Hii!! 30F Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
I (25m) don’t picture myself being in romantic relationships in the future, just having friends and I don’t know if it is ok.
Hii!! Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
My girlfriend just left me but she stills writes to me
Did I (25f) overreact about my bf(37m) going out with his friends and ignoring me
Husband’s family not welcoming
Started dating a guy and realized that I'm hot and now I don't know what to do!
Girlfriends brother being a jerk.
Met his parents... and completely embarrassed myself. How to move forward?
Girlfriends brother being a jerk.
Girlfriend getting fed up with her brother. As am I.
It’s pretty simple: Does she like me? (It’s an entertaining story I think you’ll like)
My(F24) boyfriend's(M25) behaviour is starting to take a toll on my mental health
I (F24) don't know what to do about boyfriend's (M25) behaviour
I'm (31/F) Pregnant and my friend (28/F) isn't supportive
My MIL (51F) asks my husband (27M) and I (27F) for rides at least once a week
I [20f] didn't want to date him [21m] and rejected him. Now I do and he doesn't want to date me.
SO (f28) cannot stop nagging me (M28) about chores
crushes while in a relationship?
My [34F] husband [35M] had a baby with someone else while we were separated and abandoned the baby.
I think my boyfriend is secretly reading my Reddit posts
Dose my boyfriend actually care about me?
My boyfriend (23M) makes me (20F) feel guilty for needing my personal space.
I [20f] didn't want to date him [21m] and rejected him. Now I do and he doesn't want to date me.
Stop Being Patronizing
I'm [25M] frequently approached by women who want me above all because I am a professional athlete. How to find a meaningful relationship?
Can we make this work
How to stop being patronizing?
Advice for living with SO for the first time
My (f25) Ed boyfriend (m22) filed a restraining order against me because he owes me money
Long Term breakup help !
Is it acceptable to show frustration to your partner?
She get's upset with me when I get frustrated
Feel like a robot (F28)
The shadows of yesterday
My boyfriend (23M) makes me (20F) feel guilty for needing my space.
I [M22] am having an extraordinarily hard time getting over my first breakup
SO F(26) nagging about chores even though I'm working all day
Long Term breakup! Help
Just need help, trying this for the first time
My sister 22f is sad over a common friend 22f being indifferent to her. While I 25f have a strong bond with her.
Gf stopped using petnames and I’m worried ):
Would you consider this a red flag and stop seeing someone because of this?
My sister 22f is sad about a common friend 22f being totally indifferent to her, while me and the friend have built a strong bond.
How to deal with my [19F] sister’s [24F] immaturity and sensitivity it’s starting to drive me crazy
Gf stopped calling me petnames and I’m worried ):
How to deal with my [19F] sister’s [24F] immaturity and sensitivity it’s starting to drive me crazy.
UPDATE: My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
How can I improve my relationship with my bf?
I don't know if my bff is treating me right
UPDATE: My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
Long Term break up help!
When to make it official?
Advice for living with SO for the first time
Doing everything I (29f) can, but he (33m) doesn't "feel" like I am?
Coronavirus-related fight with family
Scared to meet others because of my race
If you want to be happy, first you must find true friends
How to improve my relationship with my bf?
If you want to be happy, you must first find true friends
How to know if you are being gaslighted?
Is it okay to date someone you are not physically attracted to but attracted to emotionally and intellectually? Everything else is almost perfect.
Me and my girlfriend sent nudes. Im 16 and shes 15
Husband and wife advice? Pastors or Christian's.
My partner and I have changed so much in 3 years I don’t see ya staying together
I [30/M] sent a creepy message to my friend [33/F]. How can I fix the friendship?
my boyfriend knew of my anxiety and gave me a panic attack and isn’t sorry about it.
How has the last 5 years changed your relationship?
Has anyone said “I love you” and been rejected by their partner?
How has last 5 years changed your life and what does the future hold?
Boy boyfriend (30m) gave me a panic attack is it sorry about it.
How do I [30/M] fix the friendship after I was a creep to my friend [33/F]
My[f26] friends [f24 m29 m28] are all fast becoming drug addicts and im unsure what to do.
Girlfriend of 6 years wanted revenge for me making a bumble account so she started sexting other dudes while we were still together and later when we were breaking up, she never told me i found out getting into her instagram that she left open on my phone
Anxiety attack with the boyfriend
I (25M) am worried that FWB (24F) is only staying with me because my mom died
Sister who neglects family members in health crises
How do I (28M) stop comparing my ex and our relationship to my new relationships
I (22M) think I’m in love with my brother’s (28M) girlfriend (25F)
Girlfriend and I had a huge misunderstanding today, what can I do to fix this? (21f) (21m)
Feeling trapped with my (25F) boyfriend (36M)
How do I [f/28] kindly break up with boyfriend [m/29] whom I'm emotionally cheating on?
Distant Friend —Advice
How to confront my father about meth
LDR - Girlfriend (F/25) Seems Stressed or Off- What to do?
My Ex (24M) wants me back but refuses to change (24F) - what do I do?
What's with all these early to mid 30 year old guys dating girls 18 and early 20s?
My (24F) two best friends (23F & 24F) dated and broke up last year without telling me, but now I have a crush on one of them. How do I tell the other one without fallout?
Was me (27f) breaking up with my boyfriend (26m) an overreaction on my part?
Me [23M] and my Gf [22F] are about to go long distance for more than a year potentially after 3.5 years together. I’m really lost and struggling.
I (f/27) am walking on egg shells around my family
I need help with my boyfriends dog
Should I (25F) hold off grad school another year so I can stay with my SO (26M) or go this year and risk breaking up?
I (25M) want to avoid putting pressure on this girl (24F) I'm seeing
My relationship felt like it ended then
I need help with my boyfriends dog
Should I hold off grad school another year so I can stay with my SO or go this year and risk breaking up?
How can I [28F] avoid self sabotaging the budding potential with my new prospect [35M]?
I need help with my boyfriends dog
Former self saboteurs, how can I avoid tanking my new prospect? [28F][35M]
Did I emotionally cheat?
I can try to deny it, but I know my best friend and I are falling for eachother.
Girlfriend is moving to Tennessee and I can’t go with with
My friend wants me to be his rebound
M18 - F18 Should I message her?
Boyfriend believes he's right and the victim after our argument, I dont know if it's repairable
Half-sister(33) being condescending to me(f26)
Half-sister(33) treating me(f26) like a child
How do I (33m) stop having thoughts about a relationship that ended a year ago?
I went through his phone - help
Uncomfortable in healthy relationships
How do I (33m) stop having thoughts about a relationship that ended a year ago?
parents won’t let boyfriend and i get a pet when we move out
Does my ex still care?
parents won’t let boyfriend and i get a dog
How long you rel whit military guy lasted?
The girl my gf cheated with in her previous relationship texted her, tips/advice??
what do I do?
My room mate overheard a private conversation I had with her partner, now I don't know how to approach her.
I’m going to a different university and I think it’ll be hard for my relationship.
Couples that went to different universities, how did you do it?
My roommate opens up to me - his partner overhears and now I think shes mad at me.
Reappearing lover/friend/stranger
I have recently lost feelings for my girlfriend. What is your advice?
Am I right in not wanting my gf talking to this girl?!?
My biological mom says I'm a bad daughter for not initiating a relationship with her
Sister (14f) lied to get me (17m) in deep shit with dad (47m). Now she "feels bad" but won't own up to it to our parents. What do I do?
Boyfriend moving 4500 miles away to Alaska, do I go?
Is the relationship between Lady Bird and her mother in the movie “Lady Bird” normal? Is my (25F) mother (60F) emotionally controlling?
The neighbours just had a baby, would it be weird to give them a gift?
Tell me about some of the most thoughtful things you've done for people. A time where you just did the most perfect thing that made someone feel loved. In a way that hit them in the feels, that they really appreciated.
I [22M] want to ask a girl out on a date, but I don’t know how to do it.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My (F27) boyfriend (M27) of 2 years talks to his friends about him and his ex girlfriend's sex life
My (F27) boyfriend (M27) of 2 years talks to his friends about him and his ex girlfriend's sex life
SO and I are United on dealing with MIL but how
Boyfriend telling friends about him and his ex gf's sex life?
My husband didn’t defend me to his friend, when his friend said I was having a temper tantrum
Bf (M27) telling his friends about him and his ex gf's sex life
My [26M] girlfriend [23F] watches Step brother porn with actor thzt is extremely similar to her own step brother (name and face)
My coworker (26F) makes flirty/sexual comments toward me, despite me being in a serious relationship. I'm (25F) confused by her behaviour.
Bf (M27) telling his friends about him and his ex gf's sex life
New neighbor (50sM) is making me (29F) uncomfortable.
18M having dating problems. Should i try talking to her?
New neighbor(50sM) is making me (29F) uncomfortable. Advice?
should i try honestly talking to her?
23m been in a relationship for 4 years I want to move out of state she doesn’t want to..
My coworker (26F) makes flirty/sexual comments toward me. I (25F) have a girlfriend and am confused by my coworker's behaviour.
My ex (both 21) is moving out of the country when everything resumes, to escape from both of our lives.. He was relentless in the contact emails, and trying to get me back, up until this point.. What do I do to try to start my whole life over again..
I feel really attracted to my boyfriend’s friend, and it’s mutal.
My (F21) boyfriend (M22) is lazy and it's getting to me
My (F21) boyfriend (22) is lazy and it's getting to me
What’s worse?
My [26M] girlfriend [23F] watches Step brother porn with actor that is very similar to her real step brother (face and name)
Trust issues
Should I message my ex?
How do I apologize to someone for being a toxic person in the past?
I am really attracted to my boyfriend’s friend, and I think it’s mutal.
What do I do when my ex moved on?
How do I briefly apologize to someone for being a shitty person in the past?
Should I message my ex?
I (19F) don’t know how to tell my racist dad (49M) that I’m dating an Arab (18M)
I [22/F] upset by [23/M] boyfriend liking girls half naked photos online
Boyfriend keeps liking half baked girls photo including his female friends, what do I do?
I (21F) am feeling slightly anxious about my relationship with (29M) and don’t know what to do.
I (21F) am feeling slightly anxious about my relationship with (29M) and don’t know what to do.
I [22/F] upset by boyfriend [23/M] who keeps liking girls photos including his friends
Why do i feel guilty over small things
One month away from the family and I dread the return.
I(30F) opened up to my husband(32M) about being depressed and he didn’t react well
My fiance kept SIL's pregnancy a secret from me and I don't know how to move forward...
I'm (24f) feeling lost in a FWB relationship with one of my closest friends (27m)
My best friend (21) had sex with my ex (21).
My (29f) boyfriend (29m) of 6 months, lives with his ex girlfriend and I'm uncomfortable
Friendship
My (22F) dad (50M) is toxic and tyranical and he is ruining my family (brother (16M) and mum (50F))
My (22F) dad (50M) is toxic and tyranical and he is ruining my family (brother (16M) and mum (50F))
I’m (28f) afraid that I’ll never be able to trust my boyfriend (28m) again
(21/F) Everything about my boyfriend (22/M) suddenly annoys me, I'm not attracted to him anymore after 3 years together?
(19F) My best friend (19F) is extremely self-absorbed and I’m so, so tired
Everything about my boyfriend has become annoying to me. I'm suddenly not attracted to him after 3 years together?
[new] 14 Funny Questions To Ask Your Girl and Make Her Laugh
I [29 M] have trouble communicating and my girlfriend [F 27] isn't that good at being in a relationship
Lost trust
My ex (both 21) is moving out of the country when everything resumes, to escape from both of our lives.. He was relentless in the contact emails, and trying to get me back, up until this point.. I explained that I couldn't take care of myself enough to give him the support he needed/went downhill
how to stop being afraid of being cheated on?
I (30F) have been dreaming about my ex(33M) for a few days
My (25) Bf (30) likes his ex’s selfies on Instagram. Am I overreacting?
Pushed away my date, cause she had feelings for her ex
[30M] Started seeing a girl [25F] recently. I like her, but she seems like, really co-dependent already.
Life experience
Kamal is best acter
Advice about supporting partner who has been abused (physically, emotionally)
how do i spend more time with my girlfriend who is spending time with her bff
Advice about supporting partner who has been abused (physically emotionally)
I can’t get over something my boyfriend did
I (18M) feel "stuck" in relationship with my asian parents.
Advice for supporting a partner who has been abused (physically, emotionally, sexually)
I'm constantly getting jealous of my boyfriend's purchases
The girl my girlfriend cheated on her ex with has been texting her?!
My (25m) girlfriend (w22) and I are looking for our first flat, but we experience a lot of relationship issues and now I'm not sure if moving in is the right decision.
Help
Me [23, M] with my GF [21 F] of 3 years are having troubles in our relationship with trust issues we don't know what to do?
Help
Help
My girlfriend and I have mismatched libidos. Need tips on approaching a conversation / dealing with it.
Girlfriend (20F) of three years won't stop hanging out with friend (20M) that very clearly has feelings for her.
I [M27] was in a relationship I should've never been in [F26].
I [M27] was in a relationship I should've never been in [F26].
Boyfriends Co-workers don’t know me but talk about me
In a relationship you have no place being in.
I am in love with my best friend but should I date him?
I am in love with my best friend but should I date him?
how do i spend more time with my girlfriend when she wants to also spend time with her best friend
My (23 F) boyfriend (24 M) hates when I want to sleep with him on the phone if I’m scared
How do I[18f] get over an unrealistic crush on a close friend[21m]?
Dirty talk with friends brother
How do I[18F] get over an unrealistic crush on someone[21F] I talk to daily?
My (23 F) boyfriend (24 M) hates when I want to sleep with him on the phone if I’m scared
Does my boyfriend [27M] want to be with me [21F]
girlfriend spends more time with her friend with than me, dont know what to do do help me spend more time with her
Hey, Relationship Coach here and happy to help you guys out right now
Do girls find attractive a guy that doesn’t use social media much or post on social media ?
LGBT stories: How a lesbian couple hides in a country where they are persecuted
Me 23 [m] talking to long time friend 23 [f] who sits mixed signals
is my boyfriend tired of me all of a sudden?
gf spends more time with best friend than me
Is it acceptable to speak to a third party about relationship problems
Got some much needed closure tonight. What’s next?
Did I Meet My Soulmate on Xbox?
Got some much needed closure tonight. What next?
Did I Meet My Soulmate on Xbox?
girlfriend doesn't spend time with me
My boyfriends sister forced me to apologize to her
How do you go back to a normal relationship after cheating
During initial dating phase, I [32M] made up(faked) past relationships to make me look more desirable to my current GF[31F]. Planning our wedding now, feeling horribly guilty. Should i come clean or sweep it under the carpet ?
(X-POST FROM r/relationship_advice) I (18m) spoke intimately with and later rejected and hurt a guy I met online (18m as well) while in a LDR with my bf (20m)
Me [25 f] with my quarantine "work pal" [46m] - took co-working too far and am now in a virtual quagmire
Mom [47F] found out that I [19F] am sending nude pictures to a guy from internet. Now, I feel so uncomfortable and embarrassed.
hotel rooms
My [24F] bf [23M] wants to give me a second chance.
My religious conservative mom [47F], found out that I was sexting and sending nudes to some guy. [19F] I feel embarrassed.
What to text a guy who’s been going through tough times without sounding distant?
Being friends whit unstable ex
What are some good ways to cope with anger issues or any kind of emotion related issues?
What to say to a man who is going through a lot and needs uplifting?
What are some good ways to cope with anger issues or any kind of emotion related issues?
Trying to keep a friendship after a breakup
How would y'all feel in her [22F] shoes? Me [25M]
My best friend of 4 years (44M) keeps telling me (31F) that we’re in a relationship and sexual stuff
It’s a basic question: Does she like me or not? (Hope you’re entertained by my story!)
[M/28] broke up with [F/27] and feeling awful about it
This is a pretty basic question but I hope I get some answers: Does she like me? (Hope you enjoy my story!)
Do I need to work on my communication skills?
my ex left me because i have herpes and i’m still heartbroken
It’s the most basic question I could ask on here but I need to know: Does she like me? (Hope you enjoy my story!)
Is it unreasonable to let my friend (22f) know that I(23m)don't trust her after she lied to me in order to avoid hurting my feelings
How would y'all feel in her [22F] shoes? Me [25M]
Is it unreasonable to let my friend (22f) know that I(23m)don't trust her after she lied to me in order to avoid hurting my feelings
Is it unreasonable to let my friend know that I don't trust her after she lied to me in order to avoid hurting my feelings
I’m so on and off with how i feel about my girlfriend, i love her to bits but..?!
I suffer from borderline personality disorder. Is there any hope that I can build a loving, healthy relationship?
How can my best friend and I move forward after blurring the lines emotionally?
Me (17M) have been having frequent arguments with my (16F) girlfriend about her guy friends and how she seeks validation from other guys.
Everything Just Got So Complicated, and I Can't Tell What the Right Thing To Do Is Anymore. Please Help me.
Ppl in interracial relationships, how do you talk to your partner about race?
I cut contact with a girl/flirt to get back together with my ex, because she begged me.
Boyfriend doesn't want me to visit because of COVID
First tinder date + experiment
Ppl in interracial relationships, how do you talk to your partner about race?
I [27F] slept with my wedding boudoir photographer a few days before I married to my husband [28M]. Married last year, together 6 years
I broke up (28F) with my (28M) boyfriend due to lack of attention from hin
My brother is a neet and hes torturing our parents
How do my best friend and I move forward after emotionally blurring the lines?
Mad at the boyfriend, sleeping on the sofa tonight
I broke up (28F) with my (28M) boyfriend due to lack of attention
Sleeping on the sofa tonight because I’m mad at my boyfriend (32M)
How do I (F23) recover from the anxieties I have from my previous relationship?
Sleeping on the sofa tonight because I’m mad at my boyfriend
How do I (F23) recover from the anxieties I have from my previous relationship?
Need advice on moving on from Childhood hurt/death of Parent - how to go forward.
I (F28) think he (M37) could have been the one but I f it up.
Boyfriend (M 21) insanely mean sometimes, either offer to breakup, or apologizes and is super sweet, and I can't ever leave him?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
GORGEOUS girl, GARBAGE accent
My girlfriend texted another guy on ig
Texting anxiety
My girlfriend F(20) has told me m(20) that she is more sexual attracted to women than males. I don’t know how to take this in or how to work with it
My boyfriend (M 21) is awful. Insanely mean, but I (F 20) wont let him break up with me? What's wrong with me?
My (M20) mom (F45) thinks I’m a disappointment of a brother and wants to form an artificial relationship with my little brother
I (28F) don’t understand why he’s (30M) still talking to me so much
My boyfriend likes my friend?
I’m (23F) almost positive my boyfriend’s (25M) gay best friend (28M) is in love with him
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
How to romance in love?
Need suggestion
GORGEOUS girl, HORRIBLE accent
How can I get out of a family vacation my mom wants to take during a pandemic?
I couldn’t find a place to ask for advise
How can I set healthy boundaries with my (22F) friend (23M) who’s in love with me?
How can I set healthy boundaries with my (22F) friend (23M) who’s in love with me?
How can I deal with my mom wanting to go on a family vacation during a pandemic?
I (24F) have a father (55M) that’s dying from cirrhosis of the liver. I haven’t seen him since I was 8 years old.
Had sex with a guy, his girlfriend is really nice.
I couldn’t find any other place to post this, need your advise please
I [23F] am falling for my best friend [22M] and don’t know what to do
My bf beat my dog
Help ending long term relationship?
need help mentally preparing to break up with my partner
i need some relationship opinion.
How do I (23F) respond to an ex (30M) attempting to contact me after a bad breakup?
Who can I [24M] talk to about my girlfriend’s [21F] dad [40’sM] disrespectful attitude towards me?
I (18F) am trying to get out of two toxic friendships
I [22m] lied to my girlfriend [20f] about my past (abusive) relationship at the beginning of our relationship and now she won't forgive me and trust me after 6 month of our relationship what should I do?
My (24f) mum (59f) is a compulsive hoarder, how to intervene?
Girlfriend and I had a huge misunderstanding today, what can I do to fix this? (21F) (21M)
My (24f) mum (59f) is a compulsive hoarder, how to intervene?
Sexual Frustration from my boyfriend [M,21] due to my[F,22] sexual trauma
I [34F] don’t know how to stand up to my roommate [27F].
I (22F) get upset/anxious when my partner (21M) drinks a six pack or more of alcohol if it’s above 6%
Dating in cycles? Am I the only one?
I (22F) get upset/anxious when my partner (21M) drinks a six pack or more of alcohol if it’s above 6%
Where should my relationship be after 6 months?
My boyfriend [23M] of 6 years is having commitment issues w/ marriage.
I [24/M] want my friend [23/F] to take my virginity. I know it's a bad idea.
I (22m) have been in a relationship with my girlfriend (31f) for going on ten months now. I'm not feeling sexually satisfied in the relationship will it pass?
Where should I ideally be 6 months into my relationship
Is he moving too fast?
Has anyone find out who there true friends are during covid?
My (18M) friend (19M) told me that he likes me and our friendship has not been the same since then. I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
What should I [17F] do about quarantine urges to text my [17M] crush?
I (23f) accidentally said “I love you” to bf (23m) after five months of dating
My boyfriend of 6 years [23M] having commitment issues w/ marriage.
F(17) Girlfriend’s Step Dad(M60) sexually harassing her
I (23F) Accidentally said “I love you” to bf (23M) after 5 months of dating
My(19F) boyfriend's (21M) mom is dying. I want to help him cope with this.
My friend [29M] wants to "win back" his GF[26F] of 2 years back after she said she wanted to break up, by changing himself radically... is that a good idea, and what are his options?
How do I confront my neighbors about their cat?
I [20F] think my boyfriend of six months [19M] is abusive. What do I do?
Thinking a lot about the first time I said "I love you". Was it this powerful for everyone?
M[20] My Gf [19] keeps sending her guy friends pics
My (25 F) boyfriend (24 M) has no direction in life, and then dropped the bomb that he wants to just take off and move across the world. Need advice.
I (29F) was threatened online years ago, and now struggle to become comfortable with being confident/sexy with my bf (33M).
Why do I keep on failing at advancing relationships?
My husband 31 feels second fiddle (I'm 28) we've known each other for 6 years and been married almost 2 years. I don't know where to start to change. I'll elaborate in the post.
Why do I keep on failing at advancing relationships?
I [20F] think my boyfriend [19M] of six months may be abusive. What do I do?
I [19M] am so fucking angry and I don't know what to do anymore. I want to improve to better my relationships but where do I go?
Why do I keep on failing at advancing relationships?
My husband feels second fiddle
[20]M gf [19]F sending pics to other guys
Being left out
How can I (20M) not be creepy DM guy with her (22f)?
I (19F) just found out that the (26M) I slept with has a girlfriend. And I don't know if I should tell her, or him or just stay out of it
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
Dishonest third party
What should I do?
Me (29F) and boyfriend (29M) of 8 years, how do I get over him saying that I'm "slightly above average?" and other insecurities
My bf went to a happy ending massage parlor and idk how to feel...?
Observed possible domestic abuse and not sure I did the right thing
How do I (21 M) tell my girlfriend (23 F) that she’s really toxic?
My boyfriend said he used to go to a happy ending massage parlor... idk how to feel?
I (31f) tried to tell my boyfriend (31f) of 2 years that I felt unsafe because of his actions in a parking lot. He refused to acknowledge it and instead acted like I was ridiculous. It feels like he’s not respecting my boundaries, but I can’t even tell anymore.
I’m not sure if I (19f) can do anything to fix my relationship with my ex (22m)
Should I (16M) ask her out and show a second time and show my feelings, potentially ruining the relationship, or keep this inside me and maintain the status quo?
I think my (F,26) boyfriend’s (M,27) friend (M,24) might like me. Am I seeing things?
Observed possible domestic violence, not sure I did the right thing
Ex’s spouse messaged me
Happy in my relationship but still have feelings for someone else..
The first time we said "I love you"
How do I (20'sF) get over my boyfriend (20'sM) saying my looks are slightly above average, and other stupid insecurities?
Call me 😳🤪
I (23m) am having problems with everyone
My (17) gf(17) plans on going to college in Canada. This also happens to be close to where her ex of 3 years lives.
Am I right to feel angry at my (now ex) boyfriend for holding in how he felt?
Am I right to feel angry at my (now ex) boyfriend for holding in how he felt?
A dear friend who’s in desperate need of support.
An old coworker (F) I’ve been friends with for a long time wants to come see me (M) alone across the country. She’s married. Ladies, what do I do?
How do I (20F) approach this situation with my ex (21M)?
Becoming a friend (M25) to my ex (F23)
Massive crush on friend of friend (25 f)
I (28f) told his (30m) mom and sister that he cheated...we reconciled but now he found out and he's furious.
Is it ever right to yell at a partner when they’re in pain?
I don’t know what to do or if there’s anything I can do.
My boyfriend (24M) only cares about me (24F) after I breakup with him.
It ever right to be yelled at by a partner when they’re in pain?
An old co-worker (married) and I always talk and I don’t know how if I’m doing something wrong.
I [27F] caught feelings for my best friend [29 M]
My dad calls me five times a day and I won't pick up the phone
AITA for not picking my phone when my dad calls
Would it be reasonable to block this girl for trying SO HARD to be in a relationship with me?
I need help...
What should I do now?
BF’s sister (26f) asks me(26f) to make BF (27m) spend more time with their parents (60f/72m)
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] has social anxiety and won't take his medicine
I (39f) always end up feeling too guilty to fully leave him (46m)....it's just a sad, ruined life.
BF’s sister (26f) asks me (26f) to make BF (27m) spend more time with their parents
I get the feeling my teacher doesn't like me very much..
How to get an ex back
Apology or no?
Empty condom box
My [25m] girlfriend [22f] threatens to break up with me if I don't like her favorite movie.
Told my boyfriend I was going for patio drinks with 1 person. He asked if I would be safe. I came home and now have to sleep in guest bed.
I sometimes hold a grudge.
My friend is missing, and I’m not sure what to do next.
My [30f] boyfriend [29m] of 5 years never makes plans or initiates conversations about our future. Feeling like I have to make 100% of all the big decisions or nothing will ever happen.
My friend (25F) wanted me to apologize when I wasn't wrong. I (25F) didn't and called her for baiting me into an argument because of her bad mood.
i feel guilty
My friend is missing, what should I do next?
Help on getting your girlfriend back
Girlfriend [22f] threatens to breakup with me [25m] if I don't like her favorite movies.
I’m a girl (21) who needs advice about a girl (23)
Empty condom box
Do East and South East asian girls like Indian Guys (South Indian)?
I (23F) regret marrying my husband (25M) of 6 months because he hates traveling.
(21M) In need of Help/Advice
Perfect guy with health condition. What should I do?
When a man responds to a chick , do they at times mean two different things ? Let me explain ...
I (33M) am dating a (31F) who chews loudly is this an irritation that I can learn to ignore?
I've (30M) been thinking about reconnecting with a very old friend (30F) who I cut out of my life 5 or 6 years ago. She was a bit toxic but we're a lot older now.
Perfect guy with health condition. I'm torn and need your help
Empty condom box
I (33M) am dating a (31F) who chews loudly is this an irritation that I can learn to ignore?
I (M35) On 6.8.19 life saved by ex, on 6.8.20 I found out about her cancer/chemo diagnosis (really confused)
I (33M) am dating a (31F) who chews loudly is this an irritation that I can learn to ignore?
Dating woman who chews loudly is it something I can learn to ignore?
My little brother is bisexual
I (M28) am thinking about breaking up with my (F29) partner of 4 years.
I have a boyfriend(2X,M) , but I don't know if I love him. Am I(2X,F) in love with my best friend(2X,F), or am I an idiot?
My little brother thinks he may be bisexual
My (25F) SO (23m) is asking me to stay the night over although we're supposed to be "just friends" for now and I'm conflicted.
I (M28) am thinking about breaking up with my (F29) partner of 4 years.
My Story (Hard to Explain) Question: What do I do now?
How do you deal with someone like this?
Two best friends (24f) ghosted me (24f) three years ago and I’m still hurt. How do I get over it?
My [21f] friend [24m] doesn’t talk to me much anymore and acts like I don’t exist
Me[26m] with my asian [23f] partner, who i suspect is a gold digger
Me[26m] with my asian [23f] partner
Girlfriend always text argues with me, needs reassurance, I am always to blame, I always feel the guilt
My brother (19M) is TOXIC. How can I get my mum to hear me out and help me?
My relationship :)
I have a boyfriend(2X,M) , but I don't know if I love him. Am I(2X,F) in love with my best friend(2X,F), or am I an idiot?
I've (30M) been thinking about reconnecting with a very old friend (30F) who I cut out of my life 5 or 6 years ago. She was a bit toxic but we're a lot older now.
My Father might have High Functioning Autism
My brother (19M) is ruining my (20F) life! He’s toxic how do I explain this to my mum so she can help!!
I [29] found out my Fiance [33] has been sharing our intimate details with his friends
It may be funny or romantic
My boyfriend's (24M) mom hates me (23F) because of my ethnicity and religion, and she's never even met me! What should I do?
Mother/daughter relationship is almost non-existant, how do I overcome childhood trauma she caused.
Dear boy from chem recitation
I think my (20F) ex boyfriend (22M) had been using dating apps our whole relationship. Please help me.
Dear boy from chem recitation
I think my (20F) ex boyfriend (22M) had been using dating apps our whole relationship. Please help me.
Girlfriend (25) wants me (27) to draw boundaries with my bestfriend (27) and I'm unsure how to proceed.
Dear Boy from chem recitation
I got ghosted by my best friends three years ago and I’m still hurt. How do I get over it?
I want to apologize to a girl I really liked. I was really harsh to her.
Dead Boy from Chem Recitation
My friend ghosted me and our friend group and I don’t know what to do.
Friend cut whole group off.
How to Politely get out of going to the Bridal Shower and Bachelorette Party?
Girlfriend argues about everything, makes me feel guilty about everything, always has trust issues with me, needs reassurance - Need Help BADLY
Is it okay to stay in a relationship I think is doomed?
How to Politely get out of going to the Bridal Shower and Bachelorette Party?
How to Politely get out of going to the Bridal Shower and Bachelorette Party?
My husband [36M] can't finish a single project and it's getting out of hand
My Fiance keeps sharing our intimate details with his group of friends
I (27f) moved across the country to be with my fiancé (35m) but I don’t want to live here
Are these signs she likes me?
Can you regain attraction for your partner?
Does he actually like me? Or is he just confused?
I [18M] Feel Awkward About Acting Older in Front of Family
Are these signs my co-worker likes me?
My 22(M) boyfriend doesn’t offer to buy food and I’m usually left paying for things
Does he actually like me? Or is he just confused?
Should I (28f) ask a guy (29m) if he is still interested/what he exactly wants (again)
I (23F) can’t tell if the guy (26F) I like is playing me or is genuine and has a fear of attachment.
My girlfriend (20F) talks to her past lovers and her Ex-boyfriends and it bothers me (20M)
I (23F) can’t tell if I’m being played by a guy (26F) I really like or if he just has fears of attachment.
My Gf (20f) let's her best friends brother (17m) make inappropriate comments to her, and it makes me uncomfortable
Should I tell my PO that my wife is abusive towards me?
M18 - F18 Need advice on what to do next
My (38M) daughter (15F) still won't talk to me over a week after walking in on me having sex
My [21f] “ex” [20m] and I recently admitted we still both had feelings for each other. Now he won’t talk to me. Did I do something wrong?
my friend (14M) has been using my (14F) money and i’m not sure how to feel about it
Lack of intimacy and isolation during the pandemic
Female friend [33/F] liked 30 of my pics in a row, then ghosted me. Any idea why?
How do deal with prejudice from family?
[M4F] Why I had no luck with relationships? My 1st relationship lasted 6 years and all following relationships lasted no more than a year. What am I doing wrong and what is everyone else doing right to to have a long and lasting healthy relationship or marriage?
How do deal with prejudice from family
Getting involved w someone you had a crush on while in a relationship?
How to deal with prejudice from my family?
I ( 30M) in relationship with (27F) who has fibro, and seems to be mostly depressed...
Why did he block me?
Love story: When my gf tried to come to sweden.
Please help. My BIL (white 46M) wants to learn / talk about race with me (not white 30M). I’m afraid of screwing this up.
Why did he block me?
i (14F) don’t know what to do about my friend (14M) taking my money
Any advice appreciated. BIL (white 46M) wants to learn / talk about race (not white 30M). I don’t want to screw this up.
Getting involved w someone you previously had a crush on after another relationship?
Why tho
Hypocrite and asshole vs learning from his mistakes. How do I stop it?
Why thoooo
Partner (24m) knows I (24m) need more communication but doesn't change at all
She (20 F) snapped at me (20 M) when I asked her a question
My boyfriend forgot our anniversary
My boyfriend forgot our anniversary
My brother (26M) won't let my mother (48F) hold his one week old baby.
(21M) In need of Help/Advice
My room mate(19F) demands that I(19F) pay half of her rent because we will be gone for the first 3 months of the lease
My close friend started dating my old FWB... Is it okay that I'm upset?
So many crushes...
Help: My sister keeps lying about her academics & I don't know what is up.
Boyfriend (28M) thinks I'm lazy bc I (25F) take naps/sleep in
So many crushes...
I (24/F) am conflicted about whether or not I should go on a date with this guy(28/M)?
My [27m]best friend[26M] is abandoning me for his girlfriend[25]
I (24/F) am conflicted about whether or not I should go on a date with this guy(28/M)?
M18 - F18 Space or should I contact her
Husband's parents want to give him a house but won't let me be on the deed
Would you be upset if your friend started dating your old FWB?
Husband wants me to move into a house that I will never own. Help?
I feel like I'm overprotective
Husband's parents want to give him a house but won't let me be on the deed
How do I end the friendship between my next door neighbor and I?
Friend ghosted me
In Need of Help/Advice
Am I [29M] wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend [30F] for misguidedly trying to help me lose weight and solve all my problems?
My [24F] mom [56F] told me today in the heat of an argument that my dad walked out on me and her when I was a baby (but came back). What do I do with that?
I feel like I'm overprotective
Do you think my name is the reason I get ignored in class?
Am I [29M] wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend [30F] for misguidedly trying to help me lose weight and solve all my problems?
I (24M) Can't Decide If I Should Attend Estranged Uncle (50M)'s Wedding
What should I do?
I(M/21yo) am afraid that my gf(F/23yo) is dependent on me emotionally. And that I am dependent on her.
Close friend/FWB got BF, my heart is broken. She’s one of the few people I see during quarantine.
I (19F) want to tell my male classmates (2 19M and one 21M) to stop speaking about things like female body parts and stop shaming me and my classmates for the things we wear.
I (25/F) am not sure how to handle this situation with the guy that I've been dating (28/M)
How to I tell my friend I dont want to be her Maid of Honor?
I (19M) have liked a girl (18F) for a year and want to make a move, but is it too late?
How to I tell my friend I dont want to be her Maid of Honor?
I (23F) am struggling to maintain a healthy relationship with my sister (24F)
Is this forgivable?
Husband and I disagree on having kids
How the fuck do I (19m) quit my job working for my dad (61m)????
What kind of behaviour is this - is this normal?
How to make my ex bf lose job
I (21m) was threatened by father (60m) with a death threat. Is it legitimate?
What should I do?
I [31F] need to be less passive-aggressive with [32M], but I don't know how else to communicate with him
My [28m] sister [12f] says she has a hard time sleeping when I don't stay the night at home.
My (23F) bf (24) and I seem to hang out a lot less than other couples our age... is there something wrong?
Can a husband ever win a discussion with his wife?
I (21m) was threatened by father (60m) with a death threat. Is it legitimate?
My (30 M) Girlfriend (30 F) Has High Expectations but won't Make our Relationship a Priority
My boyfriend (24/M) and I (27/F) are considering to move together
My (20F) stepdad (39M) threatened to kill my mom (36F) during an argument.
I (21m) was threatened by father (60m) with a death threat. Is it legitimate?
UPDATE: My (23F) brother (27M) didn't defend his fiance from our mother and now he blames me for talking to her about my mom
Best way to end a toxic friendship
What’s the worst thing a family member has done that you’ve forgiven them for?
Should I (20F) ghost a guy (20M) from my school??
How do get my ex bf lose job
I (17M) feel like I am not good enough for my (16F) girlfriend
Should I ghost him (20F)
Help
Girlfriend letter question ?
best way to cut off a toxic friendship?
Would you consider that cheating? F(24) M(24)
Was the boundary crossed?
Girlfriend Letter Question
Me and my girlfriend broke up 2 weeks ago. She hasn’t spoken to me since. Advice on letter
He shoved me and hurt me and now wants to apologize
I [21F] have no personal relationships besides my family, coworkers, and therapist.
Should I trust my GF if she set a transactional tone from the beginning of our relationship and lied to me/manipulated me with respect to a big life decision?
I [21] have no personal relationships besides my family, coworkers and therapist.
The guy[23M] I'm seeing thinks my[22F] friend[22M] is dangerous and I don't know how to handle it
[22M] Im recently single and one of the reasons we broke up was i wasn't emotional enough. This seems to be a trend with my exes saying that. How do I be more emotional?
Husband (37M) takes over for me (36F) when he doesn't like how I'm doing something
How do I (22M) proceed after this girl (21F) flaked on me ?
Should I trust anything my girlfriend says?
forcing to marry
Is it bad for me (22f) to talk to my partner (27m) even though he seems to not want to speak to me right now?
UPDATE - My [36 F] BIL [35 M] is in his first relationship with a [23F] and it seems to be extremely toxic
My boyfriend (24/M) and I (27/F) are considering to move together
Need help deciphering the relationship between coworker (21F) and I (21M)
Is it okay to give up?
There is this girl I like, and I am not sure if she likes me more than a friend.
Is it bad for me (22F) to try talking to my partner (27M) even though it seems he doesn't want to?
my father (52M) cheated and my mom (54F) wants me (22F) to forgive him
I asked my boyfriend for some space and his reaction was to lock himself in the room and tell me “he needs space”
Why can't I (22F) stop thinking about my male best friend (23M) even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
I (25f) want the best for me for him (33m) and for us.
I (28M) think I am having mixed feelings about the woman (27F) I like
I think I screwed up my relationship
Is it okay to give up? F21, M22
Is it possible to be married but be in love with someone else??
I need advice please.
My father (52) cheated 12 years ago and my mother (54) wants me (22F) to forgive him
Boyfriend (25M) reunited with old friend (32F), they now hang out every weekend. How concerned should I (22F) be?
I’m (F23) content being quiet at work while my coworker (F50s) talks about anything and everything all the time.
I've started to develop feelings for my cousins girlfriend!
How can I (51M) mend ties with my daughter (17F) after years of severing them
I really like my cousins girlfriend and don't know what to do!
Is ok to give up?
The girl I am dating is going through a lot right now and I feel like I can't help her.
My (24) BF (20) sulks a lot, i always initiate making up. Tired of this cycle.
My girlfirend has deep rooted abandonment issues
i need some advice, is lockdown driving me nuts?
my girlfriend has deep rooted abandonment issues I don't know what to do
I'm (24) always the one apologizing and making up with my BF (20) whenever he sulks cause i bring up issues.
Is this a good breakup text?
My (20f) boyfriend (35m) says he has to think about whether he’ll still be attracted to me when I’m 30
I (16F) recently cut off my best friend (16M) of 4 years. I am very afraid for the upcoming school year, especially because he was chosen as the new leader of my favorite club instead of me. How do I handle seeing him again?
AITA for breaking up with my boyfriend because he made derogatory comments about a junior worker?
I (20F) can't stop thinking about my FWB co-worker (21M)
My SO(39M) wants to homeschool our future children and I(27F) don’t.
Advice on boyfriend’s secret Instagram fetish account
Have you ever felt cared for but in the wrong way?
Some of my friends are acting like children, and having to be “mom” whenever they’re making bad decisions is starting to put a strain on our friendship.
Advice needed on boyfriend’s secret fetish Instagram
Have you ever felt cared for in the wrong way?
Am I the jerk for breaking up with my boyfriend because he made derogatory comments about a junior worker?
Have you ever felt cared for in the wrong way?
My (F25) boyfriend (M25) won’t come see me, but expects me to travel to him.
developing crush on language exchange partner/friend
She's (24F) not over her ex and not looking for a relationship but wants to be friends after hooking up with me on a date (24M). How do I interpret this?
Close platonic friend [30M] no longer seems interested in my [28F] friendship now that he's talking to his ex
I (20F) can't get a FWB co-worker (21M) out of my head
I am 31 [m] and i feel old but I lost 2 years coma
Men, why do you not trust women?
I’m (F23) very content being quiet at work while my coworker (F50s) talks about anything and everything all the time.
Don’t know what to do please help.
Don’t know what to do please help.
How does it feel to have people who you are close to?
starting to crush on language exchange partner/friend
How do I deal with feelings for a coworker?
UPDATE: I'm [F/27] back in the states away from my "abuser" [M/34]
What does it mean when a girl calls you "cute"?
My (23F) boyfriend (23) just physically hurt me for the first time and I'm not sure what to make of it
I'm (19 F) bisexual and my boyfriend (20 M) shamed me after a joke with his mother. I don't know how to get over this.
When the feelings are there on both sides but a relationship would never work
Setting myself up for failure? 30F and 33M
My [30/F] friend [33/F] liked 30 of my IG pics in a row then ghosted me.
My (f/21) bf (m/22) acts like he’s special in the relationship.
Has anyone tried manifestation in a relationship standpoint?
When you both have feelings but the relationship would be impossible
Worried about my [18M] ex [19F] dating someone new, but not because I want her back...
Can you regain attraction to your partner?
Worried about my [18M] ex [19F] dating someone new, but not because I want her back
Worried about ex dating someone new, but not because I want her back...
Idk why I have like a gut feeling that I shouldn’t trust my gf even tho she did nothing wrong
Idk why I have like a gut feeling that I shouldn’t trust my gf even tho she did nothing wrong
Is it too late to save it?
Can you regain attraction?
Ex (F24) contacted me (F22) and remembering our relationship made me realize I’m not in love with my partner (F26)
Should I try to make up with my roommate?
Expressing emotions in a healthy manner. How to?
Should I (38 M) stay with my Wife (41 F) of 11 years?
I(20M) think that my dad is a bit overbearing and affecting my relationship with my (19/F) girlfriend a little bit
My (34m) wife (34f) spends most of the day in bed
Are toothgaps on guys unatractive?
Interpersonal relationships meet mental instability
Am I [F20] being too sensitive when my [M21] bf leaves the conversation while we were on the phone when I am talking about something that I'm passionate about?
My (F22) boyfriend's (M24) mom (F50's) gets upset when we cook in her house among other things.
Am I [F20] being too sensitive when my bf [M21] does this?
Me (18/M) and my girlfriend broke up (18/F)
Me (18/M) and my girlfriend broke up (18/F)
Almost 23 and never been kissed.
My (22F) boyfriend's (24M) mom gets upset when we cook in her house among many other things.
Almost 23 and never been kissed.
Boyfriends house is a mess
Dating with chronic mental illness
I[28M] took my fiancee[29F] surname
She (27F) is married but still on meeting app
How do I (M/24) handle bitterness and resentment towards woman due to rejection and bullying during adolescence?
UPDATE: how do I tell my friend I don’t want to be an adult flower girl in her wedding?
Am I overthinking boyfriend's behavior?
I had a bad breakup and I made a list of things to do to get over it. What would add?
UPDATE: how do I tell my friend I don’t want to be an adult flower girl in her wedding?
College coming soon
If we break up, I’ll probably be homeless. But should I still go for it?
(26f/28m) Saw some texts between my bf and his ex and feeling a type of way.
Family wants me back, I can't cope with that
My girlfriend's [22F] father [50M] hates that she is dating me [22F]
How to know if you’re being overly sensitive in a relationship
Social Isolation has deadened my erotic desire for my wife
My girlfriend's [22F] dad [50M] absolutely hates that she is dating me [22F]
She (27f) is married but still on meeting app
My (25f) bf (24m) asked a girl for nudes
(20F) (16M) Worried about my brothers recent preoccupation with self image.
Did I just forced him to cheat on his girlfriend, or did he seduced me to cheat on his boyfriend?
Is it frowned upon to wear the same bridesmaid dress in two weddings where the brides know each other?
Is this a strange relationship between my new crush and his sister?
I (27/M) had been hanging out with this great girl (22/F) and she seemed to have abruptly lost interest and now "literally doesn't care." Potentially sabotaged by another 'friend' (22/F)
(22 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
Is it frowned upon to wear the same bridesmaid dress in two weddings where the brides know each other?
My (31/M) LDR (26/F) girlfriend becomes upset anytime I make plans with friends
My husband(30) isn’t taking my(27) pregnancy scare seriously.
I (21F) find a lot of things my boyfriend (21M) does weird and disheartening.
(23 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
Seeking Advice on Losing Best Friends
Is my wife crazy? Or am I?
Social Isolation has deadened my erotic desire for my wife
Could this be thought of as overly sensitive?
Sensitive Behavior
Should I [M19] start texting the girl [F19] I had a crush on again after a long time of no contact?
(23 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
(23 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
Am I being too sensitive or is this wrong?
Dating my [Female/25yo] BFF’s exFWB
Being too sensitive?
Being too sensitive?
Being too sensitive?
Boyfriend (30M) and I(26M) in a LDR that doesn't feel like a real relationship to me. Am I over reacting?
My girlfriend [21F] changes when around a certain friend of hers, to someone I [22M] I don’t know I can be with
How to tell my husband something without hurting his feelings
How do you get closure from a past fwb relationship without talking to them and making it worse? TW: mentions of sexual assault
Dating my BFF’s ex-FWB
Is it normal for your significant other to immediately just to “lets just break up” anytime something goes wrong?
I don’t know if I’m crazy or not. I feel like I might love my friend but I don’t think he cares about me.
My 5y relationship didnt survive quarantine, partly because I have MS, and partly because my ex lies a lot. We're stuck living together bc of COVID. He moved on within days of us breaking up but continues to lie to me about it. Am I right in being upset? (NewToReddit)
Me (23M) and my girlfriend (22F) have been dating for over 2 and a half years, now we are getting more serious and discussing marriage.
I [18M] have had no luck finding or dating any significant other and it is hurting my self esteem.
If women wants to cut off from a guy, do they block you from only one platform or every social media?
My (30F) mom (55F) is creating a toxic environment because of her beliefs, causing a rift in our family.
I f25 just got in a relationship with m28 and the sex isnt great. I need advice.
Messed up a friendship during high school six years ago. Still haven’t apologized Because I don’t know how
I f25 just started a relationship with m28 and the sex isn't great. I need advice.
Should I (22F) move in with my boyfriend (23M) after college?
I(23F) am in a polyamorous reationship with C(19F) and J(22M), I think our trouple would be more balanced if we added another M to the mix, is this a bad or a good idea? describe why
Am I (24/F) being irrational, jealous and controlling with my boyfriend (25/M)?
I [27M] and a close friend [28X] want to merge our finances but are worried that it might make dating weird
Dating with chronic mental illness
My [38m] wife [39f] told our daughter [12f] that I am not her biological father, and she was talking to him [40m] and her half-siblings [16f] [19f] behind my back, my daughter doesn't view me as her real dad anymore.
Am I being jealous and irrational?
Me(M17) and My bestfriend(F17) want to date and we have a year before we go to University in different countries but we have another friend which we don’t want to affect.
I (28/F) anticipate imminent conflict with sister-in-law that might damage the entire family dynamic if I do not set proper boundaries, soon.
I [25M] am extremely scared of being single forever, never meeting someone good for me... and it's really getting to me.
No contact?
My bf doesn’t find me attractive
Feeling resentful lately of my [F20s] boyfriend’s [M20s] passivity
I fell in love with my ex fiance's sister
My bf is not attracted to me
Is it true love when your significant other shaves your asshole?
Feeling (f30) unloved and unwanted by fiancé (m24)
My bf is not attracted to me
My GF (22) of two years and I (M,23) are about to go non monogamous. Is there anyone else with experience in this who can give us some advice?
Girlfriend (20F) and I (22M) are currently long distance, and she has become distant and says she wants to take a break.
I(30M) started dating my wife(28F) again but I have things I need to say but don’t know how.
Second guessing my [28F] relationship with my oldest sister [34f] due to opposing viewpoints
The girl I’ve been dating might be a big stalker. I need advice.
My [26M] GF [22F] attempted suicide yesterday and I'm not sure where to go from here
My girlfriend [F19] won’t take things to the next level with me [M19]
How do I deal with my 11 year old sister being an asshole?
Nsfw but is it true love when your bf shaves your asshole?
He (M25), and I’m (F30) not sure whose responsibility it is to repair the trust
Girlfriend (20F) and I (22M) are currently long distance, and she has become distant and says she wants to take a break.
Why did hookup [31M] seemingly end things but continue to text me [19F]?
To men who have had FMF threesomes, has anyone experienced their SO leaving them for the woman you had a threesome with?
Should I ask out this girl at work
I (19 F) still haven't gotten over something my ex bf (23) did to me when I was 16 and he was 19. He had sex with me when I was hammered and he was sober and I don't know how to feel about it or get over it. Advice on how to get over someone you loved hurting you like that?
Age gap matters? I’m (27 F) talking/seeing someone (20 M) younger than me, and I’m worried about the age gap (7 years) any advice please
3 way relationship...him, his dog and me
Just broke up (20F) with my BF (22M) in good terms. Any advice?
My [31f] boyfriend [35m] is texting constantly with another woman
I (20F) broke up with my bf (22M) because he didn't saw a future with me. Advice on how to get over it
Feel like I’m a whimp
My mom is stressing me to get a girlfriend when I have trust issues
I feel like I’m a pussy
My (F26) boyfriend (M31) did not stand up for me when his friend was rude to me. He tells me I should live and let live as her meanness is her way of banter, but it felt like he was justifying her actions. Am I overreacting?
I (20F) love going out on dates and doing fun activities and romantic gestures but I’m the only one who plans them usually to little to thanks or appreciation. I’d really appreciate some advice.
I (30 F) keep getting rejected by the men I date
Picture of 32nd and Broadway subway entrance needed
I (22m) am not able to decipher my crush’s (23f) behaviour.
I always get rejected by me
As an old (52f) newly single inexperienced woman, I'm afraid I'll be eaten alive (and not in a good way)
Age gap matters? I’m (27 F) talking/seeing someone (20 m), I’m worried about the age gap and if it’s possible to make it work at long term
My [32] boyfriend [36] repeatedly dumps me when I ask him about an issue we are having
My friend [23M] assured me [21F] previously he isn't getting into me but I feel like he is?
Having trouble setting boundaries with a longtime friend.
What to do when she(24F) says no but also expects me(25M) not to please myself
Me (19 male) and Ex (19 female) My 4 year relationship was a mess!
Broken
I (20F) love going out on dates and doing fun activities and romantic gestures but I’m the only one who plans them usually to little to thanks or appreciation. I’d really appreciate some advice.
Bad 4 year relationship. (Drop opinions down below)
I think I want to be with him
AGE GAP matters?
My boyfriend encourages me to get blackout drunk(without him)
FWB upset that I took a different girl to formal.
I (31m) am considering backing out of being best man at my best friend's (30m) wedding due to coronavirus concerns
Insight please
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
I (31m) am considering backing out of being best man at my best friend's (30m) wedding due to coronavirus concerns
Me 37/m and she is 32/F. Relationship hasn't been perfect after living with her for 1 year, and she just bought a house. Our rent for our condo is almost up, maybe 3 months left, and she wants me to pay for the last month or so. She's moving in there in a week or so.
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
My boyfriend encourages me to get blackout drunk(without him)
Curiousity
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
My boyfriend encourages me to get blackout drunk(without him)
Am I a string along
Should we stay as friends for now
Clingy "friend"...possibly toxic?
My [23F] boyfriend [24M] only wants to invite one of his siblings [16F and 14M] to come camping with us
Clingy "friend"....possibly toxic?
Should we stay as friends?
I suddenly fell out of love with my girlfriend.
My (25M) best mate (25M) is distant with me since the my break-up. Is there anything I can do? Am I overthinking this?
Am I being petty?
My [28 M] partner and I [28] of 2 years cannot spiritually meet each other.
Other needs
Gf got kissed by another guy
How do I (M22) help my girlfriend (20F) stop obsessing over my past sexual partners?
Guy I [27F] started seeing [37-38M] wants to have three to four kids. How do I tell him that I don't want to see him any longer?
How do I help my girlfriend stop obsessing over my past sexual partners?
My gf got kissed by another guy
my current girlfriend is manipulative
Woke up to my(19M) Girlfriend (19F) cuddling with our friend(19M)
My wife is always a Mistress
My boyfriend dumps me repeatedly - every time he is angry, what do I do?
Tour of duty PTSD
I (22F) slept with someone else while broken up with my ex (25M) and now he wants to get back together
My G.F parent don't see me as a suitable partner for her and she is being pressured to leave me nad marry someone else
Wife always wants to be a Mistress HELP
G.F parents not agreeing on a marriage
Talking to my (30F) husband (31M) about his recent life changes
Overreacting?
He’ll never come back
Who is right in this situation ?
My (21F) boyfriend’s (24M) closest girl friend hates me for no reason.
Me and her only have been on our 6th date and she already gave me an ultimatum
I (20F) have lost interest in my boyfriend (22M) and I feel like a horrible person.
Me and this girl have only been on the 6th date and I got an ultimatum
How can I help my (F26) gf (F25) to come out to her family?
Tour of duty PTSD
I'm [20F] actually glad I was friendzoned by a guy [21M]
Inappropriate?
i find it really easy clicking with a group of people (enjoying my time) but really hard clicking 1 on 1 (actually being really intrested in them ) . Am i too picky ?
Am i problematic friend ?
I cheated in a ldr, what now?
Jealousy or Competitiveness
He’ll never come back
I’m [24] my girlfriend is [23] and begging for a baby?
My boyfriend refused to stop eating me after I came and told him to stop
Roommate insults me about weight
Should I reconcile with an ex friend?
I'm (25F) not sure if my bf (34M) is lying & manipulating me. Need advice what to do next
Should I reconcile with an ex friend
My girlfriend won’t have sex with me, why?
My girlfriend won’t have sex with me, why?
My ex is being cold and unengaged when we agreed to work on fixing our relationship.
Roommate insults my appearance
My girlfriend doesn’t want sex yet.
I (23m) asked my manager (28f) if she would like to go out with me. She accepted but tells me she has a boyfriend.
I (29/F) told my friend (34/M) of three years that I no longer want, and never did want, a play-by-play of each of his dates and random one night stands but he keeps disrespecting that boundary.
My cheating gf
Help with Compiling Narcissist Red Flags
I think my gf cheated on me. Change my mind
I (23m) asked a manager (28f) if she’d like to go out. She accepted but told me she has a boyfriend.
I (F22) miss this guy I was dating (M22) and I’d like to remain friends but..
I (F22) miss this guy I was dating (M22) and I’d like to remain friends but..
Isolated and always alone
Pretty sure my gf cheated on me. Change my mind.
My(27F) mother(57F) hid stage 4 lung cancer from me
My [22 M] girlfriend [19 F] continues to have doubts about our relationship for some hard-to-understand reasons. Are her friends manipulating her? Are these red flags?
My (24F) 6 year relationship with my BF (28M) is being ruined because his family is racist (and believes that Bill Gates wants to microchip us).
UPDATE: My (22m) friend (22f) got into a argument with her boyfriend over me and has now blocked me on all forms of social media.
I think I'm (24F) relying on my husband (23M) too much during our grieving period and I'm not helping him as much as I could be
My(27F) mother(57F) hid that she had stage 4 cancer from me
Follow Up: My (22m) friend (22f) got into a argument with her boyfriend over me and has now blocked me on all forms of social media.
I (25M) had a wonderful night with this girl (20f) that I've known for a while but she also happens to be the best friend of the last girl I dated. As you can imagine, something reminiscent of a college romantic drama played out.
My (27m) mom (63f) and brother (29m) aren’t talking and my mom wants me to fix it
My (27/F) boyfriend (29/M) solicited photos of paid content from a person he knew online. Is this cheating?
My boyfriend (23M) and I (19F) both acknowledge I love him more than he loves me.
My (M27) mom (f63) and brother (m28) aren’t talking and my mom keeps trying to get me to fix it and I cant
My boyfriend(23M) and I (19F) both acknowledge I love him more than he loves me. Am I doing something wrong? How can I change this?
I (35F) do not know how to handle my sister (31F) and it’s starting fights
Family dispute over relative [28m] who wants to fly cross-country to attend our yearly vacation during a global health crisis - am I [24f] the only one who sees a problem with this?
I (19F) love my boyfriend (23M) more than he loves me. Is this normal in a relationship?
Is this cheating?
I think I love my boyfriend more than he loves me. Is it normal to feel this way in a relationship?
My (32F) BF (39M) made a creepy, sexualized joke about my son (11M) and is now trying to guilt-trip me
I feel like my (19F) friend (23M) is unhealthily emotionally attached to me
I (19F) am worried about my friend (23M) becoming emotionally attached too quickly
How do I [20F] forgive my mother[43F]?
Boyfriend (22) wants to meet with other women.
Am I a bad person?
Guys only like me as a friend
My(19) GF(18), wants me to move in with her, or its over. I feel like this is very dramatic, and want Reddits opinion on my thoughts.
Me 23 [m] taking to long time friend 23 [f] says "there's something about you"
My [21F] Dad [53M] constantly brings up politics and it makes it hard for me to live with him.
Boyfriend (24M) upset about me (23F) having nudes of other men.
Girlfriend talking to her ex from high school
My boyfriend of a year (25m) wants to buy a house in his home country. I'm (25f) moving home at the end of the year and don't know what to say
Girlfriend reconnecting with ex from high school
I need help.
How do I find someone fitting as an introvert? [m31,0]
Am I a bad person?
I (27m) think my partner (26m) is trans* but doesn’t want to admit it. How can I support them?
I [27M] think my partner [26M] is trans* but doesn’t want to admit it. How can I best support them and ensure their happiness?
My (22f) bf (26m) dumped me after I got mad at him for liking other girls pictures
Me (22f) and my boyfriend (26m) broke up with me after I got mad at him for liking other girls pictures
Weird and unsatisfying relationships
My marriage of 8years is ending and I'm ok.
Me (22f) and my boyfriend (26m) broke up with me. Did I drive him to it?
How do I (19f) overcome comments my boyfriend (22m) has made in the past?
I [23F] havent been intimate with my bf [29M] for almost a month and I don't know how to bring up that its bothering me.
Is it a problem that I'm (19F) always "searching for a new mother" in every woman older than me?
My boyfriend (m24) of 7 years cheated on me (f24) with roommate(f22)
How do I (19f) overcome comments my boyfriend has made in the past?
A guy (33m) I (30f) just started dating seriously dumped me cause I support BLM
Guys only like me as a friend
Weird and unsatisfying relationships
Being called “weak” / “fragile” because I (22) am not just dealing with my girlfriends(24) attitude.
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] keeps disappearing throughout evenings and/or nights on weekends. Distant relationships
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] keeps disappearing throughout evenings and/or nights on weekends. Distant relationships
Me (24) still stuck to a guy (34) who ghosted me
Guys only like me as a friend
Is money important? My (24F) mother (53F) isn't very pleased with my current relationship.
I [19/F] came out to my bf [18/M] that I am bi
Me [25 M] mutually ended things with my gf [21 F] after 2 years, some of it long distance but she keeps messaging me everyday saying babe and i love you. What do?
Need help
Stuck to a guy who Ghosted me
Was it wrong of me for calling my GF emotionally abusive?
Is it bad that I can't trust my parents?
I (21m) am having trouble deciphering my crush’s (23f) behaviour.
My [23F] Online friend [22M] has been distant for the past couple of months, and keeps sending me H.
Long term friends now dating. Weird.
How to find someone good/fitting, although you are male and rather withdrawn?
Is it bad that I can't trust my parents?
My (45F) daughter (19F) wants to move in with her father (44M) who she’s only known for 3months.
My (25M) GF (23F) posted flirtatious picture with another guy on Instagram
My bf (30M) is a very negative person and I (30F) am having a hard time with that
Is it bad that I cannot trust my parents?
Long term friendship going romantic ... New territory for me.
Does anyone else have this? BF (17) GF (17)
Does anyone else have this? BF (17) GF (17)
GF Posting pics with other guy on Social Media, what should I do?
I (20M) told my 2-years best friend (20F) I liked her, but she told me she is in love with her other 4-year best friend
My [F24] younger brother [M15] has anger issues?
Me and boyfriend don't have same interests and usually run out of things to say
I Fell in Love With My Best Friend
I can't like my friend's dog and I'm afraid that's going to cause tension between us
Ex (M25) suddenly wants a relationship with me (F23) - I‘m not sure anymore....
Close friend used sexist and racist generalization after I tried defending myself...?
Me(17M) and my girlfriend(17F) recently completed 2.5 years together and sometimes i have a felling she's cheating on me!
Ex (M25) suddenly wants a relationship with me (F23) - but I'm not sure anymore (L)
I can't like my friend's dog and I'm afraid that's going to cause tension between us
My GF (24F) and I (28M) are always fighting, I think she is too controlling, but she thinks she loves me more than I love her.
My GF (24F) and I (28M) are always fighting, I think she is too controlling, but she thinks she loves me more than I love her.
Can I get all the countries?
calling my bf my beef
Can and should our relationship survive university?
I don’t even know
I've (22F) lost sympathy for my boyfriend (22M)
Extrovert 27f and introvert 29m relationship on the rocks after 3 years? Is it worth pursuing?
I (20M) told my best friend (20F) I liked her, but she told me she likes her other best friend
Celebrating fathers day after dad cheated on mom
Should I tell her about sexy messages?
My bestfriends birthday surprise
I (28M) told my friends (24F) girlfriend (26F) that she had told us (me and 50F) a really major secret and she broke up with her. Friend hates me.
My parents (50F & 56M) ignore my request after 2 years but do anything for my sister, 18
My mom (50) is a drunk and doesn't seem like shes supportive of my goals, but is with my sister (18)
My mum (57F) is always thinking that my dad (57M) is mistreating her, but from my (19M) perspective, it's not true
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I (26m) think my friend (26m) is jealous of the relationship I have with my boyfriend (25m).
(20M) I'm insanely jealous (even though I shouldn't be) and I don't know how to deal with it
I (26m) think my friend (26m) is jealous of the relationship I have with my boyfriend (25m).
My (29F) girlfriend (27F) has depression and I don't feel like I can handle it
So I [23M] finally decided that I need to forget my ex [22F]
I'm insanely jealous (even tho I shouldn't be) and I don't know how to deal with it, it's killing me
So I (23) finally decided that I need to forget my ex girlfriend(22)
My friends are meeting up without me
What will go in the mind of a non virgin wife (25 yrs) when she sees her exes in some occations? Will she get reminded of all the acts they explored together with them creating permanent memories? What will go in the mind of the exes?
Finally decided that I have to forget my ex girlfriend
Help! Sexual tension between best friend and I
My (29F) girlfriend (27F) is depressed and I don't think I can handle it
I(17F) think my boyfriend(17M) is cheating on me but I have no proof
I feel selfish
I’m (24F) pretty sure my husband (22M) is gay. TW;
My (26F) bf (30M) never stopped talking to his last fling (swears it is platonic) but hid it from me
I’m(f20), trying time deal with mother-in-law(f41) and my fiancé(m19) hanging up on me. I feel hopeless.
My boyfriend masturbates to other girls
Hi(f20), how do I deal with mother-in-law(f41) and fiancé(m19)
Going from friends to dating. What’s the next step? I’m absolutely clueless and in panic mode.
My boyfriend masturbates to other girls
I(F) think my boyfriend of nine months is cheating on me but I have no proof
Will I ever be ready?
Boyfriend's parents... Help?
My (35/M) step-daughter (15/F) told me that her mother (40/F) is cheating on me.
Going from friends to dating. What’s the next step? I’m absolutely clueless and in panic mode.
Need help from hacker to hack imessage
Boyfriend's parents... help?
I(22M) cant get over my first gf(24F)
My (25f) boyfriend (24m) does not say “I love you”
My new friend [24f] was threatened with revenge porn. The guy [27m] that did it is another friend's [25f] boyfriend, what should I do?
I [20F] had multiple rounds of unprotected sex over the course of 4 days with my boyfriend [20M].
Question about “double date”
My (25f) boyfriend (24m) does not/ will not say “I love you”
I (F21) am worried how far my boyfriend (22m) will go to people please
Question about “double date”
I (F21) am worried how far my boyfriend (22m) will go to be a people pleaser
I (M23) can't seem to forget an ex I want to forget (F26)
A new friend [25f] told me [24f] that a guy [27m] threatened to revenge porn her, this man is another friend's [25f] boyfriend. What should I do?
I'm(20F)going crazy me and my boyfriend(20M) can't agree on boundaries for a female friend(21F). Am I the crazy girlfriend?
Boyfriend of 1&1/2 years dumped me because we are going in different directions
My (29F) girlfriend and I (29F) haven't met yet. Am I being unreasonable?
My [33M] girlfriend [30F] had a previous relationship/fling with an extremely famous celebrity and was and still is a fan (follows and likes his instagram, etc.), should I be understanding since she doesn't like or contact him at all and sees him just as a fan, or is this a red flag?
A guy (33m) I (30F)just started dating seriously dumped me cause I support BLM
Is it possible he did this only to try to make me hurt?
I (30F) found out that my boyfriend (32M) has been 'helping' his female friend (30F) get her life back together, and that he never told me because he thought I would think he is sleeping with her.
My (20M) father (53M) and I have a complicated relationship.
Long Distance with a Long Post
Me(20F)and my boyfriend(20M) can't agree on boundaries for a female friend(21F)
My [33M] girlfriend [30F] had a previous relationship/fling with an extremely famous celebrity and was and still is a fan (follows and likes his instagram, etc.), should I be understanding since she doesn't like or contact him at all and sees him just as a fan, or is this a red flag?
The relationship with my dad is...complicated
Locked my (34m) boyfriend outside, is it time for me (29f) to move on?
My [27/F] boyfriend [31/m] invited a girl over to hang out that he used to sleep with..
Girls whose friends are mostly guys
i think i’m pregnant(20F) and the babydaddy(21M) and i have been in an o’ and off relationship, but we just broke up before i found out...
Can you ever trust again?
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) likes to tell me about the people that flirt with her when she is alone.
I'm scared for my life
I (25F) feel like my mom (50F) has been gaslighting me
Should I (24f) cut ties with a friend (20m) i briefly dated?
How to go on a date with someone you don't want to "date"
How to go on a date with someone you don't want to "date"
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) likes to tell me about the people that flirt with her when she is alone.
pregnant and recently broken up with
23M. mind going crazy
How can I get my husband more engaged in raising our child?
I [19M] came out of prison clean, I don’t know how I should talk with my mother aftwe disappointing her.
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) of 5 yrs is here on reddit looking for girls. Is this cheating?
My(27f) boyfriend(29m) of two years all the sudden is considering bailing (need objective input)
Do man watch a lot of porn??
"A Friend and a Half"
How can I get my coworker who I have feelings for to notice me?!
How do I get my husband more engaged in raising our baby?
My (F22) boyfriend (M22) and his female friend (who used to be in love with him) text too intimately
23M. mind going crazy
My bf of 5 yrs is here on reddit looking for some girls
My (M25) and Girlfriend (F24) Won't Even Be Intimate or Touch Me Anymore
making platonic relatives
Never had a relationship at 19 almost 20
Are here older male interested in making platonic relatives?
Is watching Porn twice a month with my boyfriend bad Do y’all think is watching porn twice a months together is bad? We both like it and rather not do it behind each other’s backs but...
In this group you can make platonic family
my (20f) boyfriend (22m) recently broke up with me. talked about getting back together. what next?
BF (25M) making jokes about my lower income (27F)
Possibility of getting back together with my (20f) recent ex boyfriend (22m)?
23M. mind going crazy
What makes a guy "unavilable" in relationship?
Am I the guy who always gets friend zoned or am I overthinking this?
Is watching Porn twice a month with my boyfriend bad he is 18 year and I’m a 20 year old Female.
How can I open up more communication with my crush who’s my coworker?
Dear women : how much is "too much avaible" and how much is "less available"?
Fiancé (30F) called out my (30M) best friends gf and I don’t know what to do
Is this believable?
Abuse is not just physical...
Is Watching porn with my boyfriend bad?
My [28F] boyfriend [32M] hardly says anything positive about me or our relationship and it's bothering me.
I’m (20F) crazy in love with my best friend (29M) but I am not attracted to him at all
My(27f) boyfriend(29m) of two years blindsided me with thoughts of ending relationship (I need objective input)
Video games are ruining my marriage
My [28F] boyfriend [32M] hardly says anything postive about me or our relationship.
I 18(F) hurt my ldr bf (19). The guilt is eating me up. Please help if u can. Thank u
Abuse is not just physical...
Finding girlfriend
I am too conflicted to make a decison about my relationship, please help.
I dont know if i want to be in my relationship, i need advice.
Porn
Would it be weird if I (f18) told a guy (m18) I liked him over text?
Would it be weird and awkward to tell a guy (m18) that I (f18) like them through text?
Is watching porn with my boyfriend twice a month bad?
I (21M) have been in an amazing two year long committed relationship but things aren’t going so well.... so I came here for some advice. (New to Reddit also.)
I [19 F] want to leave my boyfriend [19 M] but I can’t let him go.
I feel like I have to apologize for my feelings
I am pushing a nice guy away and I don’t want to?!
I (42F) chose an apparent abuser/liar over my BFF (38F). How do I fix this?
Is watching porn twice a month with my boyfriend bad?
I [19 F] want to leave my boyfriend [19 M] but I can’t let him go
To those of you who left a good relationship, why did you do it? Was it worth it?
I want to break up with my BF but at the same time I can’t let him go
How do I get my (24F) boyfriend (22M) to understand that the little things DO matter?
I (42F) might have chosen an unstable abuser over my former BFF (38). How do I fix this?
I'm [20M] sad about my girlfriend's [23F] sexual past
How can I NICELY explain to my friend I cannot provide constant emotional support and emotional labor about her life CHOICES anymore?
My (22F) boyfriend (25M) seems immature to me
My (22) girlfriend (23) overheard her Dad (52) talking about me, mentioning the color of my skin.
Girlfriend (F/30) gave me (M/25) an ultimatum
I feel (29/F) feel somewhat reluctant to meet my boyfriend (29/M) of five months' racially ignorant but mostly well meaning mother (54/F).
I (19m)confessed my love for this person 19g) she doesn’t feel the same way, but she still wants me to be around.but I feel so heartbroken especially cause we see each other every day.
I'm [20M] sad about my girlfriend's [23F] sexual past
Confessed my love for this girl, but she doesn’t feel the same, but she still wants me around, and I’m literally heartbroken.
I'm [20M] sad about my girlfriend's [23F] sexual past
Am I wrong for still wanting to be cool with my friend's ex-girlfriend?
i (18NB) hate my dad (51M) so much.
Is there a name for this type of relationship
I (19M) continually violate my GF's(19F) boundaries- what can I do to fix this?
I (23M) have two best friends (24M) and (25F) and both keeps ditching me because now they're a couple.
I [M23] want to help my gf [F22] through her periods
I [M23] want to help my gf [F22] through her periods
i (18NB) hate my dad (51M) so much.
I am (30) and I need advice on how to move out of my single parent home
Cute things your SO has done for you when you were on your period?
How can I get the courage to move out?
My (29F) SO's (30F) constant money troubles have added a lot of stress to our relationship, but now she's put me in a difficult position with my father (59M). I am either an idiot or a jerk. You decide!
Should I surprise fiancé?
Should I surprise fiancé?
My “friend” is driving me away from church
Fiancé (M25) spends all of his free time gaming?
💚🔮 Are They Cheating On You?!? 🔮💚
Looking for advice for how I (19M) can work on being too physical and stepping over boundaries of my GF (19F)
BF [mid20s] keeps joking that he makes more than I [mid20s F].
[17] just graduated high school need advice about a relationship I’m in with a [16] year old and other personal stuff.
💚🔮 Tarot Readings Available 🔮💚
I (24F) am at the end of my rope with my boyfriend (29M).
Is my (25F) boyfriend (19M) too protective? Will it become a problem?
In a complicated situation with a [M/37] no-strings-attached relationship that began 2 years ago. Should I [F/27] block him and move on?
How many lies is too many?
(f27) Is it possible for a relationship to be salvageable if your SO (m27) cheated on you multiple times?
💚🔮 Tarot Readings Available
In a complicated situation with a [M/37] no-strings-attached relationship that began 2 years ago. Should I [F/28] block him and move on?
How many lies is too many?
Having trouble connecting with BF over music.
I (24F) want to ask my partner (23F) to open our relationship but I’m not sure how to go about it or if that is even acceptable.
I’m so confused...(21m)
I’m so confused..(21m)
I’m so confused...(21m)
I’m so confused
Man might post personal things of me (23F) on social media - what to do!
Loneliness
I [F/23] can't stand my half sister [F/17]!!!!!
15m going to the beach for a week
How do I confront my girlfriend (both 23m/f) about her talking to an ex?
Should I (30) marry someone (28) I'm unsure of
I (25f) came across his (30m) racist comments. Has anyone else had a racist significant other?
I (17f) started an argument with my grandmother because she stole money for me, now I’m being blamed for her suicide.
💚🔮 Tarot Readings Available 🔮💚
what to do about parents sneaking through your room
Having trouble connecting with BF over music.
Why do I (23F) keep attracting obsessive types?
Sticky situation
So I came across my boyfriend posting racist comments on a blog and I don’t know how to react to it
I (15F) want to be closer with my half-brother (25M), but we are practically strangers. Until last year, I hadn’t seen him for 11 years, and since then I’ve only seen him twice.
🔮💚 Tarot Readings 💚🔮
Sticky situation
Boyfriend gained 20lbs, and i dont think im attracted to him physically anymore
Is it possible it was intentional? Did my ex try to hurt me?
I (22M) think a girl at work is into me and I want to ask her on a date - message her over social media? Or track her down at my work site?
Red flags you're dating a narcissist
I(19M) was dumped because our relationship is not deep enough
I think my mom (F39) is screwing around with her boss (F30s)
Red flags you're dating a narcissist
My (19F) ex-boyfriend (19M) said that he missed me wanted to get back together... but then proceeded to ghost/dry text me ?
My (22m) long distance relationship with my girlfriend (21f) is affecting my mental health
Tarot Readings
My (18f) mother (45f) is super sexist with my bf (19m) and likes to insult me.
I don't know what to do, how can I save my relationship?
Sex drive not what it used to be
What caused my boyfriend to act this way toward me?
I [28f] can't be just friends with an ex [36m] but we share a hobby. How do I deal with this?
Is my(F/23) boyfriend(M/27) overreacting or am in the wrong?
What do you think?
How to stop overthinking in a relationship?
I [28f] can't be just friends with an ex [36m] but we share a hobby. How do I deal with this?
Help with my mom (39)
My (34M) wife (34F) spends most of the day in bed
how to break up during covid
Exclusivity and sex without condoms
Tip for relationships
My (21f) stubborn mother (58f) is jeopardizing her health and its not getting any better
My gf (24f) of 1,5 years is mad over my (24m) messenger activity
My (21f) stubborn mother (58f) is not taking care of her health and jeopardizing the health of the family. I need guidance on how to intervene.
My gf (24f) of 1,5 years feels hurt over my (24m) messenger activity
My(M20) mom (F47) asking me to do her homework
My Ex-Girlfriend is Posting that I Raped Her (F/F)
My [30M] girlfriend [24F] got upset because I didn't know when our half-year anniversary was
I [30s M] have fallen in love with a camgirl [late teens F] from another country. Should I visit her?
How do I (f20) educate my ignorant best friend (f20)
My(32m) ex(25f) wants to destroy all our photos and gifts, How do I persuade her not to?
How do I educate my (F 20) ignorant best friend (F 20)
Is it wrong that I (21M) and my girlfriend (20F) do everything together?
Sorry for bad english!
How do I educate my ignorant best friend?
Exclusivity and bareback sex
I [28F] don't want to be just friends with an ex [36m] but we share a hobby
Likelihood that spouse is cheating on me?
My (23f) bf (26m) is constantly complaining he’s tired when we hangout, but goes home and plays video games late for hours
Is it wrong that I (21M) and my girlfriend (20F) do everything together?
Is anyone else in much better shape than their SO?
Am I (F22) being unreasonable and nagging my SO? (M25)
Experiencing some paranoia that my spouse is cheating
Husband [42M] and I [41F] experimenting with findom but worried it'll ruin everything
My [30M] girlfriend [24F] upset that I don’t know when our 2.5 year anniversary is
Is it just me?
Why is it so hard to be friends with someone you have feelings for?
My girlfriend is pushing for marriage
Looking for a girlfriend
I feel lonely sometimes, and that’s not fun, but I feel no interest in meeting new people. This leads me to wonder: what is wrong with me?
Is this acceptable behavior or am I missing something?
I just got some awful, disenchanting news about important members of my family that I loved. I'm in shock and feeling raw. Help?
What should I do here, is any of this forgivable?
Is this acceptable or is there something I don’t know?
Is it just me?
What should I do here, is any of this forgivable?
Porn in a relationship
My (25 f) boyfriend (25 M) has no career path and refuses to go back to school. Looking for advice
Help! Sexual tension between me and best friend
My (24M) Exgf (23) is in my life again and i cant stop crying.
Someone please help
(20sM/F) My boyfriend never gives me his full attention on the phone.
My [20M] relationships are making me confused...reassurance on why women love men?
My (31f) boyfriend (30m) smells like weed all the time because his roommate smokes a lot. What can I say?
I (F31) think my boyfriend (M30) reeks of weed all the time because of his living situation. What can I say/do?
I [F20] think my close friend [F22] might be interested in me
I(16M) am not sure how handle my relationship with my brother(15M)
How can I [20F] give up a happy healthy relationship for the sake of focusing on myself?
Need help 27m interested in 28f complicated work situation
I (28M) sort of slept with my friend (25M) one drunken night. I am not into him, I was just experimenting. How do I make sure things aren't awkward?
My {20M] relationships are making me confused...reassurance on why women love men?
Do I keep fighting for us?
In a relationship with a man (46)for 3 years and for 2 of those years he has no interest in sex or even kissing me (34). what do you do? ..
Are stonewalling & ghosting the same thing?
I [22F] am no longer interested in my BF [37M] but I depend on him financially
Cross posted because I would like more advice on how to communicate my disappointments, as well as I am seeking advice from someone who has been in this position.
Me [25 M] with first possible GF [24 F], but there is no spark and emotional baggage
How can I give up a happy healthy relationship for the sake of focusing on myself?
I broke up with my girlfriend, but it’s ok.
For the second time I'm(29M) am moving out. my father(66M):"the town 5 km away isn't far enough!" I can't read him.
How do I (31M) break up with my long term (7+ years) girlfriend (28F)?
Since my mother’s cancer diagnosis my boyfriend (27M) and I (27F) have fights and misunderstandings the whole time.
I (27 F) feel like my partner (36 M) of 6 years doesn’t care if my physical needs are met.
Still together 6 years later
Selfish/Unsympathetic Girlfriend
I [20 M] have seen how differently my friend [21 M] is treated for being tall and I'm starting to think dating isn't for me.
When do things get better?
I (30F) had a weird, intimate moment with my coworker (30sM) - should I bring it up again at all, ever?
Me [23F] just found out that my boyfriend [26M] of 1 year is significantly more conservative than I am
How do I (31M) break up with my long term girlfriend (28F)?
I am incredibly lost?
I [M22] might have a chance with and old friend [F22] that I've known for 12 years
Selfish/Unsympathetic Girlfriend
I think my upstairs neighbor could be in danger from her boyfriend
Sister [22f] is constantly talking about how her breasts are small and she wants to enlarge them. I [24m] sometimes feel like it’s an unhealthy fixation. Should I have a talk with her about it?
I think I'm seeing two guys simultaneously. I don't know what should I do.
Selfish partner during pregnancy (F22) (M30) (2years)
I just learned that the real reason my partner doesn't want to have sex is because I've been more insecure than I was a few months ago.
I [M22] might have a chance with and old friend [F22] who I've known for 12 years.
I (F23) miss my ex (M26) and i think we have both lost contact
I was just told that I've been crying a lot more than I thought I was and now I'm feeling really lost and confused.
Feeling resentful of my [F20s] boyfriend’s [M20s] passive tendencies
I [M22] am in love with my gf [F21] but she keeps texting a friend who insulted me, my family and friends. This is breaking me inside
My boyfriend thinks I’m crazy for not letting “white lies” go... am I being gaslighted or am I crazy? (25/f)(28/m)
I think my upstairs neighbor could be in danger from her boyfriend
Should I trust this man or let it go?
looking for a perfect match for yourself? stop wasting time and join the link register and confirm your email address, i am very sure you will thank me later
30 yo female seeking advice w 40 yo male regarding lies
I (25f) need an outside perspective on my relationship with my partner (29m).
Me [21 F] with my ex [20 M] 6 months, should I call?
To follow or not to follow?
27m 28f complicated situation at work
Should I trust someone after so many lies?
To follow or not to follow?
I am a [M27] and my [24F] girlfriend is thinking of moving.
I am a [M27] and my [24F] girlfriend is thinking of moving.
Neh
[non-romantic] I [22m] got caught after masturbating by my Mother [52f]
Needed advice!
I (16M) don’t want a relationship with my step siblings now that our parents are divorced.
My [22m] Mother [52f] caught me after masturbating on the sofa.
(34M) Has anyone successfully overcome retroactive jealousy/insecurity about partner's past?
[M18] - [F18] Should I give her space?
I (M19) can't find a good time to ask out my crush (F21)
[30 M] soft ghosted by [28 F]
[30 M] soft ghosted by [28 F
I'm [27F] considering dropping a friendship with a friend [27F] of 7+ years
Need help with relationship situation please
What are some possible reasons my (20M) ex girlfriend (21F) is trying to make me jealous?
Need advice badly!!
I (25F) am abusive towards my boyfriend (30M)
Boyfriend (26m) says he doesnt know if he wants to be with me (24f) anymore
19 [F4M] Kik @ Natalie42119 Let's have fun and some hot sexting too.
Bf of 5 years said he doesnt know if he wants to be with me anymore
I (16f) finally told my bf (16m) about about my family issues and now he's telling everyone
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) just told me he can’t argue with me because of my mental illness
Boyfriend doesn’t spoil me anymore
Am I (f27) wrong for feeling hurt that my new friend (f24) and cousin (f24) are hanging out without me?
Older fwb (47M) made dinner and breakfast our (47M and 25F) unplanned sleepover - is he just roleplaying a relationship, being a good host, or is he pushing into more serious territory?
Boyfriend doesn’t spoil me anymore
My (25f) sister (29f) is letting her step-daughter (12f) go to her crackhead mom's (31f) house during the coronavirus.
My (16M)dad and step mom got divorced and I don’t know if I want to keep in contact with my step siblings (18F, 16M and 15M)
(34M) Has anyone successfully overcome retroactive jealousy/insecurity about partner's past?
My ex scammed and disrespected me
I’m upset with my girlfriend and I don’t know how to get over it
My (20f) religious controling parents are ruining my life, I am lost as I love them but don't want to live their way
Am i doing the right thing? Advice please
Older FWB 47M made dinner and breakfast for me 25F - good host vs serious?
Am I honestly better off being single?
I'm (f20) from a muslim family, grew up in Britain, I am at a loss in what to do with my life as my parents put so many restrictions on me
My husband (28M) won’t have a baby with me (27F)
Broke up with my GF and I don't look forward to anything else in my life
My (20f) mom doesn’t like my boyfriend (25m)
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested pm me on kik......... Clara001
I [23F] think my little brother [15M] is addicted to drugs but he doesn't recognize it and I don't know how to help
Broke up with my gf and now I don't know what to do with my life or how to get over her
Why when i was with my ex i felt more like i was her "father" rather than her finance?
When are social media boundaries due to be made?
I Am Deeply In Love (19F) with "Old Flame" (23M). Thoughts?
How to become fuckboy?
Deeply In Love (19F) With "Old Flame" (23M) Thoughts?
does he(M17) deserve a second chance after cheating on me(f17)?
I’m pro domme goddess sherry
Women who combined accounts/assets/income with partner with financial disparity after marriage, how did it go? Did you do a prenup?
Is it wrong for me (30/f)to do an online speed dating when I’m in an unofficial long distance relationship with (26/m)
I (20F) need advice about my father (53?M)
The age old question: Can a Guy and my girlfriend truly be 'just friends'?
My (20f) mom doesn’t like my boyfriend (25m)
I [23F] think my little brother [15M] is addicted to drugs but he doesn't recognize it and I don't know how to help
Quarantine is making me resent my bf doing stuff without me and I hate it.
How do you deal with a rude parent?
How to deal with a childish adult?
I'm[32 M] about the future of my relationship with my [36 F] girlfriend of six months, is not having a reason to break up a valid reason to stay together?
“Hive mind” friends - phase out or try harder?
My [21F] mother's friends [25-40M] keep hitting on me, and now she's sent one of them my number. How do I politely tell her to stop enabling this?
Feeling lost & worried with my relationship due to my introversion.
I (29F) have been losing attraction to my bf (29M) and feeling confused
Worried about [m]y relationship with my girlfriend not going anywhere...
I (22m) got into a nasty fight with my Asian mom (59f) about 3 days ago.
“Hive mind” friends - should I phase out or stay friends?
Guy friend (25M) is upset with me (25F), but refuses to discuss why or even speak to me. Not sure what happened? And not sure what to do?
Are we individuals on our own path together, or is this a personality clash?
Me (29m) am dealing with someone (22f) acting strange. Any advice is appreciated.
My (21F) boyfriend (20M) of a little over a year refuses to accept my sexuality. How should I approach the subject?
I (22m) got into a nasty fight with my Asian mom (59f) about 3 days ago.
Guy friend (25M) is upset with me (25F), but refuses to discuss why or even speak to me. Not sure what happened? And not sure what to do?
Where is the line between being individuals on our own path together or just a straight up personality clash?
Who has the same Problem and what are you doing against it? Husband - Wife Problems.
My now ex fiancé (20) broke up with me (21) over something I didn’t do
I like this guy I met while shopping for mattress
My (22 F) boyfriend (22 M) went once drunk in a club with his friends and they all got invited to a table where there was a girl that he knew liked him
My (29M) fiancée (28F) has had some mental health issues and now doesn't want me to contact her for a week.
I (30f) feel inferior to my boyfriend (40)
I[29M] have left my wife[24F] of 4 years and taken our children, due to severe mental illness.
My (29M) fiancée (28F) has had some mental health issues and now doesn't want contact with me for a week.
What can I do about this? I’ve been getting harassed.
I [29M] left my wife[24F] of 4 years and took our kids, because she has dangerous, unmedicated mental illness.
Break up
I’m so confused about everything right now. Sexuality + relationship with best friend F(16).
My girlfriend of 2 years (24F) broke up with me (27M), and I don’t really know how to grieve..
F(16) really confused. Sexuality + relationship with my best friend
My girlfriend of 2 years (24F) broke up with me (27M), and I don’t really know how to grieve..
My (27f) dad (64) asked me to name one thing he has to live for. I couldn't.
My(27f) dad(64m) asked me to name one thing he has to live for. I couldn't.
Boyfriend can't cum - Gay Couple
My dad said that he doesn't have anything to live for. I said it's not true. He said "name one thing". I couldn't.
How can I NICELY explain to my friend I cannot provide constant emotional support and emotional labor about her life CHOICES anymore?
I 19M don’t know if i should trust my 18F girlfriend
I thought sex was overrated until I met my boyfriend...
My [23F] Boyfriend [28M] does not listen when I say no, is this my fault?
I thought that sex was overrated until I met my boyfriend...
My [23F] Boyfriend [28M] does not take no for an answer with sex, is this my fault?
Should I tell my friend (20sM) that he has issues that are affecting those around him?
I (m15) need advice on my parental situation
My (30M) girlfriend (25F) thinks I’m her punching bag when she’s anxious.
Do I tell my friend that he has some personal issues to work through?
I [16,M] feel extremely lonely... “friends” don’t want to do anything with me nor talk with me and no girlfriend
Am I (m15) in the right with my parents?
🔮💚 Today's Reading for All Signs 💚🔮
My (30M) girlfriend (25F) thinks I’m her punching back when she gets upset.
I 19M don’t know if i should trust my 18F girlfriend
I may have ruined my boyfriend's [21M] haircut
I (19f) just bagged my first boyfriend (23m)
My (M30) girlfriend (F25) abuses me. Suspected bipolar disorder.
My (F27) parents (F64, M67) are driving across the country to attend my sister's (F36) wedding, despite the global pandemic.
My (M30) girlfriend (F25) abuses me. Suspected bipolar disorder.
My [23M] girlfriend [22F] is upset at me because I didn’t want to try quitting smoking with her.
How is I (M26) redirect my thoughts with my gf (F23) who deals with ADHD and Anxiety?
My (24F) fiance (24M) comments about my lack of motivation to workout. I feel bad when he does that. What to do?
My (28M) Gf(22F) feels nothing. Is there any hope?
I (24F) am getting nerviness about my BF (25M) rent agreement, would it be fair to change it or ask him to move out?
I (24M) broke up with me girlfriend (24F) of two years because of a prank call. Was my decision justified?
(23 M) First real breakup, not too sure how to feel (21 F)
Me (27M) unsure where I stand with date (27F) resulting in feelings of unease
My (28M) Gf(22F) feels nothing. Is there any hope?
My (27/F) boyfriend (27/M) will tell other girls that he thinks they are pretty
I (22F) am in a long distance relationship with a person (20M) and I don't feel loved by him.
My (M23) LDR girlfriend (F23) of almost 2 years broke up with me two months ago because she started developing feelings for/wanted to have sex with another guy who reminded her of me
I (25M) broke up with my girlfriend (25F) of two years because of a prank call. Was my decision justified?
First breakup, not too sure how to feel.
Is it wrong for me(30/f) an online speed dating when I’m in an unofficial long distance relationship (27/m)?
Had my first break up, not too sure on how to feel.
I (22F) am in a long distance relationship with a person (20M)
I'm in turmoil, feel trapped. Need help, please.
Today my girlfriend told me that i’m a constant reminder of how shitty her life is and idk what to say😪
I (21F) feel like I’m just leeching off my gf (20F) and it’s really getting to me
How Often Do Couples Fight?
I (23M) have 2 best friends (25F) and (24M) they're a couple, however bf thinks that I'm trying to snatch his girl from him, and acting like a total prick.
Is it wrong to do an online speed dating when I’m in an unofficial long distance relationship?
My (30F) boyfriend (32M) has not been to the dentist in about six years and his oral hygiene is starting to affect my desire to be intimate. What’s a tactful way to approach the conversation?
I have serious attachment problems to girls, and I don’t know what to do. Could really use some advice here
My (25f) emotionally abusive ex (25m) is harassing me and he even went as far as to call the cops. I don’t know what to do.
I’m (f21) constantly struggling with guilt over my relationship with my gf (f20)
21 year Old Virgin
I am in need of advice on a very short relationship
i am in love please help me
I am in love please help me
My (28m) need for a lot of time alone has ruined many past relationships and is already straining my new (1 month) relationship with my partner (29f)
I've [18F] been left out by my friends [18M, 18F], even though I only see them around once a year
I am in love please help me
Is it wrong to do Online Speed Date when in an unofficial long distance relationship
My partner(28M) and I(26F) are looking for ways to keep track of our life. What apps do you use to keep track of your life, relationships, and trips together?
My partner(28M) and I(26F) are looking for ways to keep track of our life. What apps do you use to keep track of your life, relationships, and trips together?
My(24m) mother(56f) is really pushing me to have a friendship with her boyfriend(30 something m) . UPDATE
What apps do you use to keep track of your life, relationships, and trips together with a Calendar, Kanban view, to-do list, and text area that allows tables?
What do I do if I see my ex in real life
(18) Male Looking for advice on how to help my gf out.
Me [16M] would like to ask someone out [17F] but don’t know her too well.
She was confused
(18)Male Need advice on helping my gf
My [25f] emotional needs are being fulfilled but physical is non existent. Should I stay in a happy relationship with no attraction?
Me [16M] would like to ask someone out [17F] but don’t know her too well.
Boyfriend (27M) doesn’t seem interested in me (27F)
My(24m) mother(56f) is really pushing me to have a friendship with her boyfriend(30 something m) . UPDATE
I finally told my bf about about my family issues and now he's telling everyone
Should I/how do I suggest seeing each other more often?
Coworker's (23M) Attempt in Getting Closer is Bothering Me (25F) at Work
How do I suggest seeing each other more frequently?
Im suicidal and my parents take away the only thing that keeps me alive.
Why do I (21F) get sooo irritated when my mom (42F) talks.. about literally anything
Did I just get shutdown?
My(24m) mother(56f) is really pushing me to have a friendship with her boyfriend(30 something m)
Why do I (21F) get sooo irritated when my mom (42F) talks.. about literally anything
Trouble living with boyfriends family
I don’t know how to start trusting him
Why do I get sooo irritated when my mom talks.. about literally anything
How can I [M24] make my father [M53] listen to me without belittling me?
Question about jealousy
I (21M) feel as if my girlfriend (19F) is avoiding me and is using me. Making me insecure in the process.
Is my girlfriend (23F) lying or cheating on me (25M)?
I (15M) want to know how it feels like to be in a relationship.
Should I cut off or distance myself from one of my closest friends of 18 years?
Am I (20f) overacting about things my (19m) boyfriend does
My heart is being torn apart. Need clarity.
I (21M) feel like my girlfriend (19F) is not bothered by the thought if life without me. I also feel that I'm being emotionally abused in a way.
Am I allowed to be upset
I feel like I wasn’t good enough it’s literally tearing me apart
My boyfriend (26M) has never given me (25F) flowers in the 7 years that we have been together
I (15M) want to know how it feels like to be in a relationship.
My girlfriend just accused me of being gay for being in a bathroom when some other dude came to piss
How do you handle talking about issues that you weren't angry about at the time
How do I (M,19) resolve this conflict with my ex (F,20) and our flatmates (F,19; F,21; M,19; M20)?
I [20F] feel like my boyfriend[22M] does not have any actual respect for me.
My bf (46M) is annoyed about his ex (38F) going out with one of his friends (50M)
I’m not sure if I’m allowed to be upset
Should I cut off or distance myself from my friend?
I don't want to and won't be over you:(
Can I see his phone???
Phone access?
UPDATE: My (25f) emotionally abusive ex (25m) keeps harassing me and even went as far as to call the cops on me. I don’t know what to do.
My bf continues to insult me "jokingly"
I(21M) broke up with my girlfriend(21F) about 2 months ago, we ended up blocking each other on all forms of communication.. fast forward to yesterday, I stumbled on our last chat, I remember being very angry at that time.. and i had written very disrespectful things..
My husband said I’m a 4.5/10. Does he think I’m ugly?
My boyfriend calls me names and then claims hes joking
My bf (46M) is annoyed about his ex (38F) going out with one of his friends (50M)
My partner [27M] says that I [27F] should stop burping because it is not normal
Today is my [18 M] birthday and nobody seems to care.
Should I break up with my boyfriend?
BLM family disagreement
Today is my [18 M] birthday and nobody seems to care.
My brother died in a car accident and so did my “partners” girlfriend.
I (21M) broke up with my girlfriend (21F) a month ago. She and I ended up blocking each other on all forms of communication... Fast forward to yesterday when I stumbled on the chat where we had our last conversation, and i regret so much of what i said..
I wish I (F19) knew why my ex (M25) tried to kill me
So I’m 28F, with 31M for 1 year. He is a very active user of social media and I was scrolling through and he was messaging with 15 and 16 year old girls when he was 22. Off or not?
(30 F) My Veteran Boyfriend (30 M) is upset with me..
Relationship
Ideas for things to do with your partner when in lockdown together?
my boyfriend said he thought about cheating on me on a spring break trip to florida but he didn’t
I am in need of advice on a very short relationship
My bf (46M) is annoyed about his ex (38F) going out with one of his friends (50M)
I wish I knew why my abusive ex tried to kill me
My (23 m) mom won’t apologize for hurting me, and instead is making herself the victim. What do I do?
Would it be wrong to stay in a relationship with someone when I feel no desire for physical contact?
Ex going out with one of my boyfriend’s friends
My boyfriend (18 M) broke up with me (18 F) after I tried breaking up and didn’t go through with it because he felt horrible when I tried and I stayed and wanted to wait.
I (36F) am not sure if I should tell my husband (30M) our son isn’t his, he’s the breadwinner and I don’t want to become homeless
My boyfriend (18 M) broke up with me (18 F) after I tried breaking up and wouldn’t let me because he felt horrible when I tried and I stayed.
After one year together with gf [26], I feel we’re too different. Should I break up?
Am I (23nb) being too judgmental towards my new online friend (20m)?
Me (F30) with my boyfriend (M32) - our sex life is too good to be true and it creates problems in other areas of our relationship
My crush got crush on me too but we went far.
I've (28m) been hurt by her (28f) repeatedly. Is it still possible to reconcile the relationship? How should I know when to give up?
I [25F] apologized to this girl [25F] I barely know and she emotionally vomited all over me via text
