I Had A Dream About A Past Flame And Woke Up Missing Them - Am I Crazy?
Sister [11f] sleeps beside my [26m] used t-shirts because it "helps her sleep" while I'm not at home. I find it uncomfortable but also I'm not sure what to think. Is this normal/OK?
Equality in relationship
r/relationship I need your perspective and help!
My (34F) (ex)boyfriend (40M) cheated on me last night- am I making the right decision?
I (24M) react too intensely when my husband (23M) has a problem - how do I calm down?
r/relationships I need your perspective!
Should I (24F) remain friends with my ex boyfriend (32M)?
Am I [M23] getting overly attached too quickly?
How do I (24M) stop reacting so intensely?
I [30f] have a weird (abusive?) relationship with my boss [36f] and may need to quit abruptly. No idea what to do
Please, help me.
My (F18) boyfriend (M19) has told me that sometimes I come off as if I don't care about him and his problems
Uncertain breakup
Girlfriend always doing favors for Male co worker
My [M21] girlfriend [F18] crossed a boundary I set
[32M] an old flame [27F] just messaged me out of the blue
I [30f] have a weird relationship with my boss [36f] and may need to quit abruptly. Not sure how to handle
22 (F) Questioning Committed Relationship with 22 (M)
My (20F) and my Boyfriend (21M) are having issues over his friend's party.
Advice for women: Please don't get annoyed when we try to help in a situation, even if the suggestion sounds dumb to you.
Biggest fears of being in a romantic relationship with someone?
Boyfriend still struggling with ex. Sos.
Need advice with texting
Is moving away from family as a [28/F] only child selfish?
Communication and Boundaries - Boyfriend lacks this when it comes to going away with friends on trips or bachelor parties. boyfriend has struggled with proactive communication and we have had scenarios where he’s breached my trust and lied about going to strip clubs.
It feels like my (20f) boyfriend(20m) is moving really fast with the relationship.
AITA for expecting my boyfriend to be different or is he taking me for granted?
22 (F) Questioning Relationship
My [M21] girlfriend [F18] crossed a boundary I set
Fading Relationship... what can I do??
My [26M] gf [24F] of >1 year is still in regular contact with her ex boyfriend of 5 years and it really bothers me.
Should I tell my girlfriend I'm a virgin?
My (21F) partner (24M) took the condom off during sex without telling me. Was I stealthed/assaulted?
Me and my friend have nothing in common
My [20F]girlfriend(me [20M] losing interest in me, doesn't want physical contact, claiming that she still loves me and everything is fine
I finally figured out why I self-sabotage relationships...
I think I messed up relationship wise
I (27m) need help getting through my partner's(23f) time of the month with relationship intact
My girlfriend crossed a boundary that I set
Me and my friend have almost nothing in common
I (23 F) am not sure how to help my best friend (22 F) anymore
Ideas of entertainment for my girlfriend while I'm gone for 5 days
I (24/M) want to break up with my girlfriend (21/F). She does not want me to leave.
How should I (F25) support my sister (F29) through a difficult time?
Ideas of entertainment for my girlfriend while I'm gone for 5 days
Reaching out to an ex (both 20M) after 2 months NC
I’m never too man to admit I’m wrong, but what just happened here?
My [20F]girlfriend(me [20M] losing interest in me, doesn't want physical contact, claiming that she still loves me and everything is fine
Boundaries friends and festivals
Reaching out to an ex (both 20M) after 2 months NC
I (27m) need advice on how to handle periods
Boundaries friends and festivals
Is this more of a friendship that a relationship?
I [19F] feel guilty for being so emotionally dependent on my boyfriend [21M]
Men can get hurt too.
I [19F] feel guilty for being emotionally dependent on my boyfriend [21M]
I (36) F in relationship have forgotten what it feels like to be in love
Help give me a new perspective!
My (F20Finland) boyfriend (M27Norway) of 3 years refuces to talk about our future?
I'm [26f] starting to believe that my partner [29m] just doesn't love me.
My GF [21F] says that I [26M] need to grow up and that I’m immature. I think she’s wrong. Can you help?
I (28F) am upset that I haven’t really made any friendships at my job that I’ve had for 6 months. Just need advice and support.
My (22F) and my boyfriend (23M) schedules don't match up and it's taking a toll on our relationship.
I’m less sexually open with my BF
Can fuckbuddy become something more?
F(24), M(26) - Trying to understand!
I (18m) got a crush on my best friend (17f) and I have no idea what to do about it.
I (23F) need to break up with my boyfriend (23M) of three years, but it’s complicated
Can you provide me with a different perspective? What am I missing?
Arranged marriage, learning disabled husband, permanent residence in UK.
(M31) Destroyed a relationship with the person that may have been the person I really loved(F31).
Which way is North and other abusive metaphors?
Should I (31M) continue my new friendship with my first love (33F) after breaking up 12 years ago. We are both married to other people.
I (18m) got a crush on my best friend (17f) and j have no idea how to approach it
Arranged marriage to learning disabled man
I (18M) have a crush on my best friend (17f) and I have no idea what to do abt it
I got a crush on my best friend (female) please help (I'm a guy)
I [18yoM] have the biggest crush on a senior friend of mine [21yoF]
High School Crush
Help me understand my husband's side...
Experience with dating your fuckbuddy
What should I, M[19], do if im catching a bad case of FOMO. need help asap please
Does he like me?! (26f)
I (23F) want to break up with my boyfriend (23M) of nearly three years, but it’s complicated...
Passive Aggressive Nurse - What do I do?
i cant believe how far some people will go, they will hurt themselves so much in the process of getting their crush (who is obviously not interested) to like them back. im sick of it. you know why? because all of those girls who are killing themselves for a text back deserve so much more.
My boyfriend [M20] and I [F19] are in relationship for more than 5 years and I don't know if I still love him or it's just affection
i cant believe how far some people will go, they will hurt themselves so much in the process of getting their crush (who is obviously not interested) to like them back. im sick of it. you know why? because all of those girls who are killing themselves for a text back deserve so much more.
My(20F)’s married boss (39F) still has sex with her husband and I’m a mess right now because of it
My (24M) gf (22F) and I are having a threesome with my ex (24F) but difficulties are arising. How can we work this out?
My boyfriend [M20] ans I [F19] are together for more than 5 years. But i can't tell if I still love him or it's just affection.
I (30M) am devastated because of my circumstance with my (28F) friend (for now)
Me [45 M] with my girlfriend [35 F] 1 year: she is bipolar and the weight of what that truly means is beginning to be unbearable.
How do I [40F] explain to my husband [43M] that we are divorcing because we never actually reconciled after his affair?
My bus driver (M60s) wants to take pictures of me (F20)
My (18M) girlfriend (18M) is joining and sorority and i'm kinda spooked
Things I can do?
my [28 f] super long complicated ridiculous shitty situation where i pine for my ex [28 m]
I (M25) found out I have oral herpes
My (18M) girlfriend(18F) is joining a sorority and i'm kinda spooked
I M[25] found out that I have oral herpes.
I (M/28) feel stuck in a seemingly impossible situation with my wife (F/26) who is treating me like a rebellious child. I don't know how to move forward, but I'm afraid that divorce/separation will hurt my twin daughters (F/3) more than dealing with my wife will hurt me.
I (20s/F) had a weird experience involving someone (20s/M) my romantic partner (20s/M) knows. How do I tell him?
I (28F) am getting mixed messages from a guy (26M) I was sleeping with who says he just wants to be friends. He's currently upset with me, what should I do?
BF (22M) deflects and evades when I try to talk about what hurts me (23F)
Is it okay to let my niece (13) forget about her brother (11) after their parents died and they no longer live together?
My best friend and ex-crush, O, (23/M) and I (20/M) like the same guy, B (21/M). Best friend of our crush says he likes me back. What do I do?
Im (22M) out of options and need some serious help with my longest friendship.
Married and overthinking work encounter
The girlfriend [F19] is moving in with me [M22]. Any advice or tips?
I’m (21F) dating a married man (30M), got pregnant and had an abortion.
Guy I've been seeing wants me to drink with him and his friend, even though I've said I do not want a threesome. Should I be worried?
My best friend and ex-crush, O, (23/M) and I (20/M) like the same guy, B (21/M). Best friend of our crush says he likes me back. What do I do?
My (22F) boyfriend (29M) suddenly tells me he has a cold sore after testing negative for herpes. Should I dump him?
Should I (28F) try to meet guys in my area or the country I will relocate too?
Am I (42M) asking for too much?
My (M19) Auntie (f56) wants me to give her my mum's (f51) bank details to pay her some money for something, but hasn't explained why and said "don't tell your mum". What do I do?
My (F22) boyfriend (M29) didn't tell me he gets cold sores even though I specifically asked months ago if he did
I’m (21F) dating a married man (30M), got pregnant and had an abortion. LONG POST
BF (22M) get defensive and doesn't seem to care if he hurts me (23F)
Is he/she your best friend?
I (21M) met my "ex" (24F) after a year and can't handle the feelings that emerged after our encounter.
BF deflects and doesn't seem to care how he hurts me - it's ongoing
Fwb feelings?
I (F22) don’t know how to navigate the cultural differences I have with my boyfriend’s (M23) Muslim family
My [M/23] SO (F/22) is having some trust issues. Have I treated things too lightly so far? Are these more like red flags than yellow flags?
On speaking terms after my (M23) disorder ruined our relationship...
I (33F) think my husband (35M) has some issues with alcohol but I'm worried he doesn't actually agree with me, even though he said he does
Girl who seemed interested, now seems uninterested.
My [16] older brother [M19] has mental disorders and it is affecting my schooling.
Not sure about my relationship anymore...
Cant tell if he (29M) interested or not and I (21F) want closure
My (M22) gf (F21) kissed someone else and doesn't know...why?
My (M22) girlfriend (F21) kissed somebody else and doesn't know...why? (Quite Long)
Trying not to be mean about planning a wedding
I (F22) don’t know how to navigate the cultural differences I have with my boyfriend’s (M23) Muslim family
My [16] older brother [M19] has mental disorders and it is affecting my schooling.
Cant tell if he actually is interested or not
BF (29) Mad at me (f,26) for wanting to train with a male friend at the gym
Me (M23) and my ex (F24) are finally on speaking terms after 2 years, i’m confused...
F dominance with M partner
This shit could be a soap opera... no lie
Is there any reason to talk or don't talk with your ex again?
Getting back with your ex
I [M19] recognize several problems with myself, yet I'm not sure what to do about it.
I (25F) have the urge to break up with my BF (30M) for no apparent reason.
Resubmission should I (22f) tell him (33m) how I feel?
I think I accidentally manifested my dream lover into existence
I (18M) have been noticing a lot of red flags with my (19F) partner. What should I do?
I (21F) am becoming disturbed by my boyfriend’s (19M) parents behaviour
I (M19) need to show my ex (F18) I'm sorry.
My (25F) boyfriend (25m) is leaving for 6 months. Could use long distance advice
Me (M23) and my ex (F24) are finally on speaking terms, i’m confused...
Meeting the parents
Relationship anxiety??
Sisters Complex
How much should I compromise my diet in a relationship?
Sometimes it feels like I still live my life to make my ex jealous.
Meeting the parents
BF [28] Goes on long winded ethical rants about corrupt America
First time long distance. Help?
First time long distance. Help?
Is this okay?
My (21M) little brother (17M) accidentally got a girl pregnant (16F). I don't know what to say or think?
My (F29) girlfriend realized she was logged into my (M24) google account and snooped at my history , she's mad at what she found. (1/2yr)
My girlfriend (F19) and I (M19) are gonna do the THING for the first time ever today.....any tips?
My[27yo F] Boyfriend [31yoM] of 3 years says he is going to leave me if I go to a girls night at my friend's house.
i think I accidentally manifested the lover of my dreams into existence
I (24M) think I lost the most perfect girl I can get (23F), and it was my fault
How much should one compromise their diet in a relationship?
I (27M) fell for a friend (25F) over many months of talking and we finally hooked up, but she didn't feel a romantic connection - how do I ask her to give things another try?
Sometimes it feels like I live my life to make my ex jealous
This thing called love
Does long distance work??
Asking partner for STD test results
My (F32) best friend (F32) is marrying in a few weeks and I dont know him (M34) very well and have doubts on wisdom of their getting married.
The intervention
Scared of getting hurt (22M) (22F)
I (f32) have to write Maid of Honour speech for my BFF (F32) but I hardly know her fiance (M34)
Scared of getting hurt (22M) (22F)
Scared of getting "hurt"
I've been with my boyfriend for 6 years and just found out he lied to me about practicing BDSM with a past girl he was with.
My friend from college [22F] is way too dependent on me despite me [20M] moving away to study abroad
My (30s M) situation with exgf (30s F) and lingering feelings
I didn’t want to break up, but now I’m wondering — should I block her?
I’m so confused. Is this okay?
My (15F) first love (17M) is also my older sister’s (20F) best friend
I [26] met a girl [28] and instantly felt that our values aligned.
Should i tell a guy i feel for him after only five days even though we cut ties already
Having a hot girlfriend
Should i tell a guy i fell for him?
I didn’t want to break up, but now I’m wondering — should I block her?
I(22F) got my abusive ex(29M) arrested and I regret it a little bit.
My (M30s) exgf (F30s) situation with lingering feelings.
I am (M29) attracted to my colleague (F36) because of her pear figure, but I have a girlfriend (F26)
I didn’t want to break up, but now I’m wondering — should I block her?
I am (M29) attracted to my colleague (F36) because of her pear figure, but I have a girlfriend (F26)
Should I (21F) move to be near him (23M)
I didn’t want to break up, but now I’m wondering — should I block her?
Who’s the father and where do I stand?!
I (34F) fantasize about other men than husband (37M) and don’t know how to tell him
Feeling of uncertainty in an early marriage
I’ve been seeing a professional counselor, but still would like some advice and help
Who’s the father and where do I stand?!
ufufbfbf
How would you feel if your significant other sent happy Valentine’s Day messages to their ex fuck buddies?
Distance and boundaries
Is He Cheating??
Girl(18) said she always loses intrest, when she meets up more times, happened with me, anything i(21) can do or move on?
I (26/f) don't think I'm ready for a serious relationship with (29/m)?
Should I (22f) tell him(33m) how I feel?
UPDATE-Why am I ok?
Should I (22f) tell him (33m) how I feel?
(20F) I am struggling in a LDR with my BF (20M)
Pressured into marriage = happy ending?
"Friend" blocked me over €7 euro.
Dealing with smoking in a relationship?
I (34F) fantasize about other men than husband (37M) and don’t know how to tell him
Do you remember the name of your first love?
Me [33 M] seriously dating [22 M] who might not be able to maintain immigration status
Hi (21) NB and Ive been thinking about breaking up with my 4year going on 5year (20)bf. Im trying to figure out if this is really what I want or If Im just trying to isolate myself from others.
I (34F) fantasize about other men than husband (37M) and don’t know how to tell him
I don't know what to do
Pressured into marriage by parents
F dominance in a Het relationship
My (33m) gf (31f) asked a weird hypothetical question about our exes. Not sure how to take it.
My spouse (23F) is accusing me (23F) of emotionally cheating
How do you tell apart love and friendship after 5 years together?
BF (23M) is way too moved by transphobia for a cis white guy
Boyfriend & His Family won’t let me leave the relationship
Alarm clocks, racial stuff, and house chores, oh my!
Alarms, house chores, and blanketing statements about my race. Worth it?
Alarm clocks and lack of sleep are making me crazy with some added bonus issues!!
I cheated on my girlfriend. I need help.
I [21f] think I am finally free from a long emotionally draining relationship with a guy[22f]
SO family are a constant presence in the house.
I[21f] think I’m finally free from a long emotional painful relationship with a guy[23f]
I (18F) have crushes very easily even though I'm dating my really awesome boyfriend (18M)
An old friend m (22) has added me f (22) on facebook but hasn't sent me a message
Struggling to deal with supporting partner's work anxiety
My [25M] gf [25F] of 1 year told me that she cannot love me as much as she loved her ex-boyfriend even though he cheated on her.
My [25M] gf [25F] of 1 year told me that she cannot love me as much as she loved her ex-boyfriend even though he cheated on her.
Is my 44 year old boyfriend delusional?
My [25 M] gf [25F] of 1 year told me that she cannot love me as much as she loved her ex-boyfriend even though he cheated on her.
Should I (23f) leave my boyfriend (24m) for going to a strip club on valentines?
My[26M] ex[23F] has moved on and now I don’t know how to feel
My (33M) girlfriend's (30F) relationship with her ex is making feeling insecure and uncomfortable.
Should I leave my (23f) boyfriend (24f) for going to a stripper on valentines?
My (33M) girlfriend's (30F) relationship with her ex is making me feel insecure and neither of us can find a way to resolve it.
My girlfriend(F19) and I(M18) are gonna do the thing today for the 1st time ever any tips?
I (32M) cheated and told her (31F)
I (32M) cheaded and I told her (31F)
I (24F) have lost almost all my friends, and I am filled with guilt wondering if it is my fault or am I doing what is best for me? How I can I stop the guilt?
My girlfriend was raped by someone she works with and she doesn't want anyone else to know
I cheated and told her
My sex drive might ruin our relationship
[18 M] What is your guys take on this situation?
Ugh too sensitive
[M 18] Did she mean what she said? And is it still worth a shot?
I (M22) masturbate 1-2 times a day without my girlfriend (F20) knowing about it. Should I feel bad?
[32M] A long time flame [28 F] reached out to me today
We Are All The Same At the Days End...
I (26m) am battling to form a relationship due to specific reasons in my life...
Was I (23F) acted brashly? Was I too impatient? Was I acting like a perfectionist to my ex (20M)? Looking back on a breakup
I [17M] recently break up with my ex-gf [17F]
Not sure how to handle situation with girl who I think might like me.
I (26m) am having a difficult time meeting someone. Due to certain things in my life, making forming any relationship very difficult
My (25f) boyfriend (24m) cheated on me, finding it hard to forgive him
How can I(F25) Tell my girlfriend(F24) of 5 years that I cant be with someone that cant have sex with me because she sees it as wrong
We Are All The Same...
I (M22) masturbate without my girlfriend knowing all the time. Am I a bad person?
My boyfriend and I broke up and I’m having a hard time moving on even though he was horrible
Deleting search history
I [29F] am afraid of rejection [29M]?
(f24) Got cheated on, forgave him (m25) but not over it
Deleting search history
My [25f] boyfriend [26M] of 2 years has lately been leaving his work and our homes all times of the day/night without letting me know where he's going, he also has a 7 year gap in his life that he refuses to tell me about 17-24.
Emotional fallout of giving genital HSV1 to my partner
Girlfriend (24f) (24m) doesn’t understand why I’m upset at her
26F losing her mind after breakup 26M ex. I want my bf back so Im considering moving to another country to be with him
I don't know if my (M18) GF (F18) is abusing me, either she has a really bad temper.
Girlfriend (24f) (24m) doesn’t understand why I’m upset at her
I keep losing interest but want a significant other
Girlfriend (24f) (24m) doesn’t understand why I’m upset at her
I (20 F) feel like I am too dependent on others for my happiness.
Emotional fallout of giving genital HSV1 to partner
I (20M) all struggling with a mentally Ill Gf (20F) in need of help.
Is this rape?
I keep losing interest but want a boyfriend
What to expect from a no strings attached/fwb relationship?
I (20M) am struggling with mentally ill gf (20F)
26F losing her mind over 26M ex
My boyfriend doesn’t want me sexually?
I want a boyfriend but I keep losing interest
I kissed my coworker while drunk and I think he wants some sort of relationship.
(29f) My boyfriend was “excited” to get off to porn after spending a month with me and not watching it.
Uncertain break up
Uncertain break up
Uncertain breakup
(F)(38) in love with best friend (M)(32) - 9 months - HELP!
I'm in Love with My Best Friend - HELP!
I (23f) want to know how to tell the (22m) that I’m getting divorced
I'm In Love With My Best Friend - HELP!
What do I do?
I [22M] can't get over my ex [20F]
In Love With My Best Friend - HELP!
Is it just me? F24
My girlfriends ex boyfriend passed away
24F, never been in a relationship and never kissed a guy,anyone out there like me?
I am a F,24 and i have never been in a relationship and never kissed a guy What about you?
My(18m) girlfriends(21F) ex boyfriend passed away
Lady is a personal trainer at my gym and a fellow patron at a taphouse my friends work at, and I don’t know how to go handle what happened just now
I am 24,never been in a relationship and never kissed a guy so whats your story?
I [18 M] have been crushing on my friend [18 F] for a few months, but now she's started talking about her own crush.
Never been in a relationship and never kissed a guy
My wife [40 F] can't stand my mother and it's affecting my relationship with my family.
Single
My gf broke up with me so i killed her
24F never kissed a guy and never been in a relationship,what's your story
What's your story
Intimacy Issues
What's your story?
What healthy couples do
Why are we only okay when are lives are falling apart?
I fucked 5 years old gurl and she is pregnant now What do i do?
24F, never been in a relationship and never kissed a guy. Whats your story?
Do we really have to do it to make a good couple?
My high-functioning autistic friend (30m) keeps touching me (22f)
I’m (M23) questioning my sexuality and my girlfriend (F25) is oddly okay with it.
This thing called Love
Is it reasonable for my girlfriend [29F] to attempt to dictate terms on which I can meet my [27M] female friends?
Is it reasonable for my girlfriend to attempt to control how I meet my female friends?
Physical Abuse (Past and Present)
I [22M] can't get over my ex [20F] after six months
I [27M] am afraid to spend time with someone [21F] because I feel like it's going to rekindle feelings for her and one or both of us will end up hurt
Should I(24F) expose his(22M) cheating to his girlfriend?(18F)
I [30M] after an 11-year relationship with my wife [30F] I have finally found a friend [34F], but I feel extremely guilty about it.
I [26M] showed my boyfriend [20M] my dark poetry, and he freaked out.
Not sure what to do and how to react
Best friend’s ex cased her house from a van across the street and tried to bust in her door late at night. I cracked him in the head with a baseball bat (she and I are neighbors)
Your girl needs help🥺💕
Is it normal to be so attracted to your ex?
After an extremely abusive ex and years of depression, how do I (M30) tell if I love my current girlfriend (F26)?
Girlfriend (24f) (23m) is choosing ex husbands birthdays over me coming back home from deployment.
I (19F) recently told my crush who happens to be one of my best mates how I feel about him and he basically rejected me. I feel like our relationship has been going downhill ever since I told him and I’m starting to regret telling him.
Girlfriend (24f) (23m) is choosing ex husbands birthdays over me coming back home from deployment.
How Can You Help Your Sister Find Her Mr. Right?
How do I [16M] get over a big ass crush on best friend [16F]
I (24 F) am in a relationship with a nude photographer (26 M) and don't know how to explain to him that I want him to stop
My [24/F] friend [24/F] is emotionally unavailable and I was a jerk about it, don't know what to do
Physical Abuse (Past and Present)
Why cant I {19M} get a second date?
teenage heLP (17M)
Anxious/Avoidant: Me (17F) and my SO (18M)
Am I (27F) wrong for not introducing my BF (28M) of four years to my family?
Is he/she your best friend?
i need advice
A distorted family
Offered party drugs over tinder by a health professional
My girlfriend (30F) wants us (24M) both to mutually apologize and move on
Do you think that if a romantic relationship had enough willingness, empathy, and honesty in it you could be with anyone?
I feel like my bf doesn't care about me anymore
My girlfriend (F30) wants us both to apologize (M24)
Not sure of what to do
Don’t know if I can be friends with someone who constantly tried to hit on my fiancé?
Am I just jealous or...
This is embarrassing but I need to rant.
Are my (F24) insecurities real threats to my relationship (M26) of one year or am I just really insecure
I need to rant.
Female dominance in a het relationship
My (27F) fiance (30M) cant take a joke.
Are my (F24) insecurities real threats to my relationship (M25) or am I just really insecure
My best friend [19M] is about to seriously hurt himself after losing a child, I [20F] don’t know if I could help him because I have feelings for him.
Expected or average visits per week/month?
Accepting that most people are not attracted to only one person, and I am an anomaly
I’m (18 F) having trouble expressing my feelings towards my boyfriend of over a year (19 M)
My (27F) fiance (30M) can't take a joke
Heartbreak
My (16F) father (49M) screamed and said hurtful things to me for being late. I’m scared of him.
20 F and I miss my friends
Should I invite new BF (33m) out to meet my ex (41m)?
Me [30F] with my bf 27M] distance relationship, communication issues,
My messy psycho roommate
Is it normal that my new bf kisses me ALL the time? Is it some kind of addiction or condition?
Boyfriend (28)M of 4 months slept through our date night. About to have "the talk"
My girlfriend is a witch? I [21M] met my girlfriend [22] parents and her mother is a Wiccan, and now I wish I hadn’t
I want to leave my bf but don't know if that's the right choice..
Moms Ex Husband (50M) (My stepdad for 15 years) is taking me (20F) out to breakfast tomorrow. Not sure how to handle it.
I (24F) feel as if my friends (25F) new open relationship has been indirectly hurting our friendship.
Is it normal that my new bf kisses me ALL the time? Is it some kind of addiction or condition?
My (16F) father (49M) screamed at me and said hurtful things to me for being late. I’m scared of him.
I (M25) like this girl (F20) a while back like 4 years ago while working but didnt get together.
Am I being taken advantage of by my female best friend
My (39f) mother (58f) is trashing my house
Am I being taken advantage of
ok... is the feeling mutual
Guy wants to be serious but doesnt text that much?
Should I tell my best friend how I feel and risk it all?
my(f23) bf(m32) follows a woman he hooked up with two years ago.
Toxic Relationships
Separated and stressed
I (22M) need advice on how to find a steady relationship when I’m overseas every 3 months
My (29F) husband (30M) can’t get along with anyone. I’m tired of playing peacekeeper. Should I just give up?
Would I (21f) be a bitch for breaking up "unprompted" with my partner (25m)?
My (39f) mother (58f) is trashing my house...again
I (20M) found a troubling social media post made by my best friend (19M) and I don't know what to do
When to people like each but never get to be together but still have feelings for each other.
To kiss with or without tongue
Am I (24 F) an asshole for losing attraction to my (26 M) boyfriend?
A kiss...with or without tongue
Cold feet before wedding day 😭😭
Cold feet before wedding 😩
Me [25 M] with my pregnant wife [25 F] of 1 year, I don’t think I can do it much longer
Boyfriend (24m) lacks extreme confidence
Help I don't know what to do anymore, I'm being gouge of every penny I make, I can't save up to move out because of parents!
I (22F) am worried about my sister (20F), who I’m pretty sure is relapsing on her eating disorder
Can’t decide if I should just let it go
Want to keep pursing this even though my friends say I shouldn’t
How do I (20M) break up with my girlfriend (18) of 2 years?
I don’t want to hurt his feelings.
Cant tell if (23f) is into me (23m) or just wants to be friends
have you been in a relationship? If not, why?
(UPDATE) Ex who showed up at my house after I broke up with him sent me a long-winded message
What can i do to improve myself and my relationship?
So i (23m) cant tell if this girl (23f) is into me or just wants to be friend? Shes really pretty and i just dont want to fuck myself over since it would be awkward that we work together
What do you think of this?
Am I being used? Is he in love with his roommate?
Im a [23m] and i cant tell if this [23f] is into me.
it gets better AMA
(23m) and (23f)
How Do I (20M) Break Up With My GF (18) of 2 Years?
I’m (17M) in a relationship but I’ve been having sexual feelings about one of my close friends (17F)
My boyfriend fantasies about us having kids and I don’t want kids.
Need help?
I [22] don’t know if I made the right choice to break up with my girl [20]
Have you ever been in a relationship? if not, why?
My (19M) Friend (19F) is very stressed about college and D1 sports and I don't know what I can do (Former/Current high level athletes' input appreciated)
Dealing with ex
The opposite of ignorance is bliss
Looking for a gf
Dealing with Exs
How often do you need to see someone if you’re mutually exclusive?
Dealing with Ex’s
I [22] don’t know if I made the right choice to break up with my girl [20]
My (27M) girlfriend (26F) tried to convince me to drive home drunk...complicated situation
I (24F) am dreading the foreseeable future with my officemate (51F) - she had an outburst and I don’t know what to do
My(24f) anxiety contributed heavily in a breakup between me and a friend(24f) How can I prevent this from happening again in the future?
I’m (17M) in a relationship and having really intense sexual feelings about one of my close friends (17F)
How do I [F20] get over trust issues from being cheated on in my last relationship so that I can be happy in my new relationship [M21]?
Am I being used? Is he in love with his roommate?
How do I [F20] get over trust issues from being cheated on in my past relationship so that I can be happy with my new boyfriend [M21]
Am i a psychopath? Ex using me for PR?
What are some dating question you can ask to reveal if somebody has a selfish personality trait?
LDRs // What’s a “break” to you?
Advice/Reassurance: Body Image
What are some dating question you can ask to reveal if somebody has a selfish personality trait?
I (M20) want dating question you can ask to reveal if somebody has a selfish personality trait?
What are some dating question I can ask to reveal if somebody has a selfish personality trait?
I [33M] think I have fallen out of love with my Wife [33 F]
Questions to ask on a date to find if someone is selfish?
I (23m) have an unhealthy obsession with a former partner (33m) that’s harming my current relationship (41m)
Should I 25m be concerned about my relationship with 22f?
I (16F) just had my BF (16M) sing to me on call and...
LDR: What to do in “breaks”
My (22M) girlfriend (20F) is appalling at communication
BIRTHDAY GIFT IDEAS
I [17M] am confused about my relationship with my best friend [17]
My (21M) girlfriend (20F) is appalling at communication
Is it normal to feel weird about only being with one person my whole life? not about the physical stuff just in general
Conflict regarding one of my (16M) gf’s (16F) close guy friends
Is it normal to be a little uneasy about marrying the first guy i’ve ever been with?
URGENT! GIFT TO GIVE WIFE!
I (22F) am scared to report my fiancé (24M) because my mom may attempt suicide.
I (F 20) need advice!!! I am friends with his (M 20) whole family but him.
21F 23M : Could she be testing me of what I said is actually true by not replying to me yet? or more of a fallout?
Is it ever too late to go no contact to get someone back?
Is it ever too late to go no contact to get someon back?
(24F) Is emotional intimacy with my SO(23M) more important then sharing life goals?
Is it a good idea to get back with my ex?
I (F 20) need advice!!! I am friends with his (M 20) whole family but him.
This is going to be long, but I (M26) think I am in an abusive relationship with her (24F).
Am I wrong for being confused why my 19M boyfriend gets agitated when i try to let him know he can come to me?
I (18m) am noticing a lot of red flags in my current relationship
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (22M) going through a rough patch or is it the end?
Am I [24F] crazy for cutting off a close friend [20F] but not my ex-bf [24M] or his best friend [21M]?
Boyfriend wanks to other girls
I (23M) am having trouble dealing with a girl (20F) who is playing teeter totter with my feelings
WAKE THE FUCK UP BITCH
Why did you guys break up?
I (22F) have been getting progressively more depressed over my breakup with my ex (23M) of six years
Am I (f15) overreacting about my gf (f18) and her friend (m19)
How can I (F32) help my sister (F29) see that her relationship is abusive?
Am I (f15) beong crazy about the current situation with my girlfriend (f18) and her friend (m19)
We like each other, but she doesn't message me.
How to get my friend to break up?
Boyfriend & wanking
I (21f) don’t want to kick a (21m) Puppy
I (17M) haven't been able to get over my first crush (19F). (TL; DR at the end)
I haven't been able to get over my ex
I (20M) DM'd someone I was in class w last semester (20F) via Instagram dm. I did not get a response, but I dont know if it's safe to say I scared her away or that she's not interested.
I (21f) don’t want to kick a (21m) Puppy
How do I [18F] deal with a friend [21F] that is going completely reckless?
How do you feel secure in relationships?
What do you do when your bf starts gaming when you are really upset because he thinks the conversation is boring?
How do you feel secure in your feelings for people?
My (19F) boyfriend (21M) only talks about himself
Should I text him back?
Why won't he just stop messaging her?
How do you feel secure in your feelings for people?
I am (16M) and have a crush on (14 F) any tips?
I feel like I should cut this person off, but at the same time I feel like I shouldn’t. I don’t know what is the best decision for me
Is it a bad idea for me 23M to slide in her 23F DM’s if I have no other way to contact her? Read please.
Help for my(34F) mother(62F)
Is it a bad idea for me 23M to slide in her 23F DM’s if I have no other way to contact her? Read please.
Is it normal to fantasize what it would be like to be in a different relationship?
Need advise - I am M(44) dating girlfriend F(40) of almost 2 years and she gets flowers from the same guy every week. She says she has told him to stop.
Best Friend Copies Me Constant.
My [20M] dad [48M] is addicted to League of Legends
Do I (19F) need to tell my boyfriend (22M) that I talked to my ex (19M)?
My ex says she misses me after 2 years (14 months of no contact)
Is it normal to fantasize what it would be like to be in a different relationship?
Do I need to tell my boyfriend I talked to my ex
I (31m) am feeling guilty about no longer speaking with my alcoholic mother (61f)
Best friend tries to copy everything I do.
My(21F) best friend(23F) is making me choose between her and the guy(23M) I like
What to do when a woman you were meant to have a date with cancels, and you are not sure if her "I'm really tired" explanation is genuine or just a polite way of blowing you off?
How do I (15M) help fix my dad’s (55) serious issues?
Friend (19f) is lying about me (21f) after I called her out on her toxic behavior. What should I do?
What to do when a woman cancels your date and you aren't sure if it is a genuine "I'm tired" or just a polite way of saying she's changed her mind and doesn't want to see me?
Would you rather die before or after your SO passes away?
My ex says she misses me after 2 years, and I miss her, what should I do?
How do I (15M) help fix my dads serious issues
40M Asian dating 26F Beautiful Italian
How to deal with low motivation post-breakup? (M23)(F22)
I don't miss my ex
I, (M22) am planning to move to go live near my GF(F21) - how do I know I'm not making a mistake?
40M w/ smart insecure 24F
Been out of the dating scene.. red flags? Me [29M] and she [24F]
I (M 25) am unsure how serious I want to be with someone (F 24) I've been casually dating for almost two months and don't know how to figure it out
Girl says she has feelings for me and her boyfriend
Girlfriend (27f) wants me (30m) to make more friends. I find it a PITA
Help
Been out of the dating game.. red flags? Me [29M] she [24F]
A talk about the future and pets
Future parenting styles causing tiff in my relationship
All those who haven't experienced narcissism
I (m18) fancy a girl (f17) we used to get on well and flirt but things have kinda dried up. What do I do?
Girl says she has feelings for me and her boyfriend.
Girlfriend (27) wants me (30) to make more friends. I find it a PITA
I (31m) am feeling like crap about no longer talking with my alcoholic mom (61f).
I (34f) am struggling to figure out if I should have sex with my "ex" boyfriend (37m)
Is it a good or bad idea to let a 15 year old visit her mom who is in jail for seven months?
My[27M] Girlfriend [25F] said she needs time to think after a talk about her past.
Forgotten in travel plans
I (F21) invited my ex (22M) over to make love tn!
Question, flower etiquette
What is love?
Confused
My new GF[19] has two secret Instagram accounts
My (37M) partner of 3 years (37F) physically prevented me from driving away during an argument
My boyfriend and I are on emotional polar opposites. We love each other but I’m starting to wonder.. Is this doomed?
UPDATE My (37M) partner (37F) physically prevented me from driving away during an argument
My GF[19] has secret Instagram account
I need an advice about a girl
We hooked up then had an awkward date (18M and 20M) how do I rekindle it?
Was this an abusive relationship?
"Should I [19F] tell my best friend [19F] that I can't trust her anymore?"
How to deal with being an emotional fluffer?
I'm [25M] need an advice about a girl 👧
We hooked up and then had an awk date... how do I rekindle it? (18M + 20M)
Should I (26F) “dump” my anorexic friend (24F)?
Is it cheating? Why am I so hurt?
Was this an abusive relationship?
Should I [19F] tell my best friend [19F] that I can't trust her anymore?
Would you break up with your bf if he called another girl a 10 and his excuse was that he was blacked out?
Future parenting styles causing tiff in my relationship
Would you break up with your bf if he called another girl a 10 and his excuse was that he was blacked out?
My (F30) boyfriend (M44) of 6 months is verbally and physically abusing me on a daily basis. I lost my job due to the stress and anxiety of my relationship and has had no luck finding a new job. I have no family close and cannot afford to leave due to not having a place to stay.
Should I (26F) “dump” my anorexic friend (24F)?
For spouses who used to hate each other before getting together. What is your story?
Is it cheating?
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) says he isn't always attracted to me
Am I (25F) weird if I download a dating app because I know my crush (26M) is on it?
My crush (F12) has a crush on another one of my friends (M12). They both like each other and i'm stuck. Im (M12)
How did you know they were “the one”?
My boyfriend (25M) found out about my past and now he’s having doubts about whether or not he wants to stay with me (21F)
He does coke and idk how to feel or what to do
Should I get back together with my ex best friend?
My boyfriend (25M) found out about my past and now he’s having doubts about whether or not he wants keep on dating me (21F)
My (30) girlfriend(27) wants me to make more friends. It's a PITA
Should I get back together with my ex best friend?
I
I’m falling out of love with my boyfriend of 3 years and I feel bad. His a good guy but I don’t know why I’m not excited about things like I was used to.
My (F30) boyfriend (M44) of 6 months is verbally and physically abusing me on a daily basis. I lost my job due to the stress and anxiety of my relationship and has had no luck finding a new job. I have no family close and cannot afford to leave due to not having a place to stay.
Losing feelings
Struggling with how I (24F) should feel?
Is there any way I (28F) can befriend my boyfriend's (27M) ex girlfriend (30F)?
is it weird that I keep photos of my exes for the memories?
Am I (26F) being selfish by not quitting my job to move when my girlfriend (30F) hates hers and wants to move?
How to break pregnancy news to relatives who can't have kids?
How do you know if someone's criticism of you is due to jealousy or actually constructive?
is it weird that I keep photos of my exes for the memories?
In a confusing situation
Sharing pregnancy news with relatives who can't have kids
What does this behavior mean?
Me (m18) just broke up with my girlfriend (f19) after 2 years. Even though I feel like it was the right thing to do I still feel depressed. Is this normal?
The Good Was Great
How can I (20s F) deal with my moms(60s) separation anxiety/attitude?
Dealing with my (21m) girlfriends (22f) exclusive family is wearing me down
30s [F] with my 'friend [30s M] 8 months, have i done the right thing?
How can I(20s) deal with my moms(60s) separation anxiety?
My boyfriend [30/m] dismisses any concern I have and says it’s my [29/f] anxiety.
Is she a tease or cautious?
Pointers for lasting conversations
Is she a tease or cautious?
Should I text back late if a guy starts playing that game
I (18F) want to make friends but I feel I’m completely incapable of doing so because of social anxiety/insecurity
Is my girlfriend (31F) of 7 months too stiff relative to me (28M), am I right to be worried about a possible future together?
Never thought I (F30) would find myself stuck in an abusive relationhip
Is she a tease or cautious?
I talked to my boyfriend today.
Is she a tease or cautious?
I (21m) need help reading the situation between me and another (20f)
Confused on how to approach GF about her poor financial decisions. [23M] [22F]
My [27M] wife [26F] of 2 years agreed to have separate finances, but now she wants to go on my insurance plan.
Small talk advice is greatly needed
Is she a tease or cautious?
My girlfriend(F20) gets kinda upset when I (F20) talk about how I feel about something she's done
Ex-gf (19) Contacted Me (18)
I (M24) can't deal with how affectionate my date (F26) is
Ex-gf (19) contacted me (18)
my gf 14 not blocking interested boys
Doubting myself (F22) after bad breakup
I (M24) can't deal with how affectionate my date (F26) is
In Need of Relationship Advice. Please Help!
My boyfriend (23M) and I (23F) of 9 months are butting heads due to his choice of degree for college.
Confused on how to approach GF about her poor financial decisions. [23M] [22F]
This girl(13F) and I(13M) want to make a relationship work but we live fat apart.
Abusive Relationship
My boyfriend (23M) and I (23F) are bumping heads due to him pursuing an Arts degree.
I [22M] feel like my coworker [21F] is trying to take advantage of me. How did I handle this situation?
Break time
Could I get some advice??
I [21M] need help reading the situation between myself and another [20F]
I acted up and then I got caught
Should I (24F) tell my ex boyfriend (24M) that I slept with his father (40M)?
Do I (22f) ask my ex (27m) if we can delete our dating apps (we just started dating again)
Am I just infatuated or is it something worth pursuing?
I(f/26) feel depressed, unsure if I should be honest with or breakup with short term boyfriend (m/29)?
Mom [50f] keeps accidentally calling me by my [15f] older sister's [25f] name. It drives me crazy but she keeps doing it.
How do I get a girlfriend in highschool?
Should I tell my (17F) mom about my boyfriend's (17M) porn addiction?
Me 33 F with my 26 M - 3 months duration, everything is great, except this...
I [17M] am upset at my GF [15F] because she is closing herself off
Me [33 F] with my ___ [26 M] 3 months, everything is great, except this...
My (22F) Ex Boyfriend (24M) Lied About Being Gay
In Need of Relationship Advice. Please help!
Do I (23F) have a right to be annoyed with my live-in bf (25m) for spending $200+ on porn?
I [17M] am mad at my GF [15F] she closes herself off and it pisses me off
Balancing self focus and empathy
Will/Can I(20) ever get over my first love?
My (22F) Ex Boyfriend (24M) Lied About Being Gay
I acted up and was caught
Ex boyfriend lied about being gay to spite me
How do I know if it's more than a crush?
Do I (23F) have a right to be annoyed with my bf (25m) for paying $200+ for porn?
Finding balance between empathy and selfishness
How to deal with my (F26) boyfriend's (M25) extreme negativity whenever he's watching his sport matches?
What do I get my [26 F] fiancé [26 M] for his birthday if we’re going to be living together soon?
Coping with a break up
What should I [26 F] get my fiancé [26 M] for his birthday?
Birthday gift ideas for my [26 F] fiancé [26 M]?
4 year rollercoaster
Weird situation with a girl.
I (24F) recently went out with a guy (32M) and he came off as interested, but my friends told me I came off like I wasn’t? Advice needed!
Describe this situationship
Lost myself in a relationship
Lost myself in a relationship
Married and overthinking a work situation where someone asked to hang out?
Went on a date and the guy came off as interested, but my friends told me I came off like I wasn’t? Advice needed!
Girlfriend[20F] said that I[20M] shouldn't use"My girlfriend" when referring to her
I (47/M) lied to my wife (42/F), how big of a deal is this?
My (30f) bf (28m) feels like I dont care
Ankle monitor on the victim
4 year rollercoaster...
M24, struggling with coming to terms with dysfunctional family.
Fiance will not relocate
What MAGIC Is This??
I [20M] keep having obtrusive/obsessive thoughts about a virtual character. Not sure how to handle this.
Significant other (27) doesnt want to relocate
Is she a tease or cautious?
How do you know...
Help
How to know
Dating 👏question 👏time!!!
Posted in another sub about our relationship and they thought I should tell the whole story here. I love the story so here goes. Part 1 as it turns out...
I (31F) cannot get over my ex (34M) of 3.5 years
I (30f) am constantly frustrating my bf (28m)
I'm afraid she doesn't have feeling for me in that way. 13 F with 14 F. Youngsters lol
[15M] Is she uninterested or do I still have a chance?
[15M] Is she uninterested or do I still have a chance?
How should I [18F] cope with the fact that the relationship with my boyfriend [21M] only started because I was the only remaining girl around him after he failed with all the other ?
(25 Male) I can't stop being a grumpy asshole and sabotaging all of my relationships with people close to me.
My (65M) daughter (19F) doesn't know what she's doing in life and it deeply worries me
How should I cope with the fact that the relationship with my boyfriend only started because I was the only remaining girl around him after he failed with all the other ?
I (24f) struggle to take criticism from my boyfriend(25m) of 4 years and it’s taking a toll on our relationship
I (27M) accidentally found my girlfriend [27F] notes and read some stuff about her previous relationship
I feel like I was just the option of the guy I'm seeing right now even though I know the current interest is genuine, so it shouldn't really bother me but it does.
Debating breaking up with my boyfriend
My dad basically just told me that his girlfriend is more important than me
Can't get over my ex
My [26/M] girlfriend [23/F] of 4 years is upset because I said she can't move in with me. Have I been a douche?
M[23] I have a "problem ?" making lasting friendships/relationships due to being weird
I [M19] hate opening up to people, and even more so admitting that to them because I feel as though I'm manipulating them
M[23] I have a "problem ?" making lasting friendships/relationships due to being weird
My dad basically just told me that his girlfriend is more important than me
My (25F) mother (45F) is not attending my wedding (Dec. 2020) and cut me out of her life. Should I even try to fix this?
M[23] I have a "problem ?" making lasting friendships/relationships due to being weird
I (22f) want to end my life today just to not have to work tomorrow.
Does you SO expect you to only have eyes for him/her?
I hate opening up to people, and even more so admitting that to them because I feel as though I'm manipulating them
M[23] I have a "problem ?" making lasting friendships/relationships due to being weird
What is one thing you put up with that your partner/former partner did or didn't do that was repulsive to you?
I (22f) want to end it all today so I don't have to work tomorrow.
I’m married and can’t think clearly any help would be awesome
My (27f) boyfriend (29m) isn’t fully over a past relationship, do I try to help or let him do it on his own?
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) is getting rejected from grad schools and I don't know how to be helpful
Typically struggling to lose interest when I should.
My (22F) boyfriend (21F) is getting rejected from grad schools and I don't know how to be helpful
The signs.
Typically struggling to lose interest in someone.
My [25M] fiancee [24F] left me Monday - getting mixed signals, not sure how to move forward.
My [25M] fiancee [24F] broke up with me last week, getting mixed signals, seeking advice (8 year relationship)
I (20, F) want to leave my toxic relationship but my boyfriend (23) is blackmailing me.
I (27F) feel drained helping a friend (28F) through a breakup
I [23m] can never seem to say the right thing to my girlfriend [25f] when she’s down
My (18F) girlfriend misses me more than I (18M) miss her and it causes many problems.
My (25) now Ex (25F) has really hurt my feelings, is it wrong of me to demand an apology before we become friends?
Married and is this a crush?
Wanted to share my current situation (M 19) with my Ex (F 18) and see if anyone has any coping advice
My Girlfriend (f20) tells me( m22) that she needs distance from me for 1 and a half month.
I (20F) am unsure what to do about the current living situation with my husband (23M)
Should I (22f) make a move on guy (28m) that's out of my league?
Wanting experience from other couples (preferably married couples but any couples would do)
Wanted to share my recent break up story (M 19) with my Ex (F 19) and see if anyone has advice for coping
Am I horrible that I stop seeing somebody when I found out that they have a small dick?
To anyone facing challenges in dating a Dismissive Avoidant, know that you’re not alone. 4.75 years of fighting the odds (length warning)
Caught feelings for a friend I slept with, we remain friends, but idk what this hurt is that I feel.
My Girlfriend (f20) tells me( m22) that she needs distance from me for 1 and a half month.
My [26 M] girlfriend [25 F] of a few months suffers from some social anxiety and interpersonal issues that affect her life greatly and are starting to affect mine
I [23m] can never seem to say the right thing to my girlfriend [25f] when she’s down
Got rejected
Why did you guys break up from your long term relationship ?
Any chance of reconciliation?
I need advice, I want to be with her, but i dont know what to do
How do I (18M) convince my girlfriend (16F (yes it is legal)) of 2 months to stop starving herself?
Advice on what to do, i want her back but i dont know what to do
Need advice on what to do, i really want her back but i dont know how to and even if i should?
How do I (18M) convince my girlfriend (16F (yes it is legal)) of 2 months to stop starving herself?
To anyone facing challenges in dating a Dismissive Avoidant, know that you’re not alone. 4.75 years of fighting the odds (length warning)
My husband (32M) and I (32F) have had friends participate in various forms of group intimacy, but we’ve never had the chance. It’s a bummer feeling unwanted, what can we do?
Any chance of reconciliation?
I (32F) have been single for 1 1/2 yrs. Ex (31M) has been recently posting pics on social media with a girl who hated me when we were together. I have dated a bit since we split up and never posted anything because I didn't want to damage his cheating ego. I should just say fuck it, right?
I want to move out when I'm older but my parents want us to live together forever
How much do you derail your life plans for your SO? 28M and 29M LDR
My (30 F) boyfriend (36 M) keeps on visiting "extra service" spas
My (M 15) devastating (on-again-off-again for roughly 6 months relationship) with my ex (F 15) and the resurgence of feelings (Advice if possible I need it please)
Bf (28m) lets me (24f) do all the adulting for both of us
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) keeps on receiving texts from guys
To anyone facing challenges in dating a Dismissive Avoidant, know that you’re not alone. 4.75 years of fighting the odds (length warning)
Guys won't stop texting my (20 M) gf (20 F)
My (M 15) devastating relationship with my ex (F 15) and the resurgence of feelings (Help please)
Youngest (25F) on my team feeling the stress
My [M24] mental health is deteriorating due to my toxic dysfunctional family .
Lost yourself
My (23F) boyfriend (28M) thinks expectations are toxic.
Should I (22f) flirt with guy (28m) that's out of my league?
Bf [28] had 2 girlfriends , me [31] and another girl [28] for 4 years
Lost yourself
Lost yourself
My [39F] feelings concerning my sort-of triad partners [42M and 30F] are making me feel stupid and petty
I (17 M) broke up with my (17 F) girlfriend. I don’t know if i’m regretting it or am just missing a companionship.
GF(f25) of 3 yrs lied about being at work while being at friend's(m26) place
How do I [28F, former teacher] tell my friends [28F/M] it bothers me when all they talk about when we hang out is their job?
Hypocrisy?
To anyone facing challenges in dating a Dismissive Avoidant partner, know you’re not alone. I tried my hardest for 4.75 years (length warning)
What is Woman
I [36/F] and feeling used by bf [42/m]...maybe things got too comfortable too quickly?
How do I handle an increasingly uncomfortable situation due to boundary crossing.
BF Has a whole other GF and life
I [20M] am confused about a first date I had with someone [18F] [queue]
Me [20 M] had a weird experience post first date with [18 F] and I wanted to know what to do going forward.
I (21F) am dating someone (20M) and I need advice on if this relationship is okay or I’m just overreacting
How do Three Ways work
Went on a few dates with a guy (M25) for 2 months and now he is ghosting me (F24).
GF (f25) lied about being at work when being at her friend's (m26) place
Coworker [22M] I [24F] have a crush on and have recently been talking to more frequently found out I had a date and he has since stopped talking to me
Over it but not really
I [20M] am confused about a first date I had with someone [18F]
My [32M] girlfriend [31F] of 3 months is going on a two day trip with guy friend alone
I (19) am ready to be with my SO (29), but he isnt ready to move out of his ex fiancés house. Its been a year.
I'm (M23) still in love with my ex (FM21) and what to get back together
I lost feelings for my boyfriend and I want them back
I (19) am ready to be with my significant other (29), but he isnt ready to move out of his ex fiancés house. Its been a year.
My [32M] girlfriend [31F] going on a two day trip with guy friend alone.
My(24M) girlfriend(20F) can’t make things official because of her parents.
Not sure how to handle problematic neighbors
My (F16) bestfriend’s (F16) “boyfriend” (M19) is threatening me?
My [32M] girlfriend [31F] going on a two day trip with her guy friend alone
GF (25) lied about being at work when she was at her friend's
My adult and only daughter has been estranged for 3 years
My (F27) boyfriend (M28) doesn't brush his hair
Should I (24F) tell my mom (43F) about my rape and attempted suicide?
The Codex Doesn't Cover This
The Codex Doesn't Cover This
My (30m) girlfriend (29f) of 14 months is often comparing our relationship with my past ones and I am looking for advice on how to approach this issue
i do not need an open relationship but i would like one
The Codex Doesn't Say Anything About This
Falling in love after emotional abuse and manipulation
My (F27) boyfriend (M28) doesn't brush his hair
My (24 F) boyfriend (25 M) is grieving and I’m worried I hurt him
she (26f) wont return the engagement ring and my(26m) pictures are still on her social medias.
Found unconscious in pool of my own blood 36 hours ago.
My (30m) girlfriend (29f) is often comparing our relationship with my past ones and I am looking for advice on how to approach this issue from which both of us suffer
Why am I so infatuated with the way one of my friends smell?
Why am I so infatuated with the way one of my friends smell?
she (26f) wont return the engagement ring and my(26m) pictures are still on her social medias.
How do I (26F) make my husband (32M) feel like I want him for his brain?
How do I (26F) make my husband (32M) feel like I want him for his brain?
My (27M) roommate (27M), who travels for a living, just lied to me and bought a puppy. He said he would keep me in the loop and buy an older dog.
Why am I so obsessed w the way one of my friends smells?
What’s the best place to meet (and date) cops?
she wont return the engagement and my pictures are still on her social medias
Guy [M/19] I [M/22] am dating wants to go slow, but that makes me anxious even though I wish it didn't
I do not need an open relationship but i would like to have one
Should I start a convo with this girl and see where it leads?
What does it mean if a man (40M) often says he doesn't want anything more than friendship with you (40F), but he often sends song lyrics and links to songs that are the most romantic things you've ever heard in your life?
Caught my (33F) SO (34M) chatting on an online adult site. How do I rebuild the trust in our relationship?
I [18] broke up with my long-term boyfriend [18] while miscarrying a baby neither one of us knew about. I wanted to fix things and he told me he did not. Unsure how to proceed
Found unconscious in a pool of blood 36 hours ago in GF's kitchen at 4am.
I NEED HELP ME ENGAGEMENT RING
Is my ex (24F) scared of me (20M)?
Me (24f) wants tips to detach from the achievements and popularity of ex (23m).
I [18] broke up with my long-term boyfriend [18] while miscarrying a baby neither one of us knew about. I wanted to fix things and he told me he did not. Unsure how to proceed
love my girl a lot and that is becoming a problem (I’m M(19) and she’s F (20)
I (28F) don’t like my mom (58F) but she has nobody else
I (23f) want tips to detach from the achievements or popularity of an ex.
I love my girl a lot and that is becoming a problem (I’m M(19) and she’s F (20)
I (25F) think my boyfriends (28M) friends (30F&30M) are becoming 'leeches'
Ex boyfriend trying to get attention?
Ex boyfriend trying to get attention?
I love my girl a lot and that is becoming a problem
My [22F] boyfriend [24M] of a year and a half seems constantly critical of my emotions and I feel so insecure around him now.
Me (24 F) wants tips to get through a tough exam without getting influenced by ex who cleared it with flying colours.
Guy(M21) I like keeps giving me(F20) mixed signals and I don’t know how to read the situation
Worried about the future of my close friendship
How do I (26F) help my husband (32M) feel like I want him for his mind?
A friend (24M) of mine (23F) came on to me and he has a girlfriend.
How do I (26F) make my husband (32M) feel like I want him for his mind?
Feels like my marriage is slipping away
what does it all mean?
How do I (26F) help my husband (32M) feel like I want him for his mind?
Am I falling for someone else???
Single since 2015
I (22m) have a problem with my GF (21F) going out with several guys, friends of her brother, to Smoke weed in public like a bunch of teens.
She [31F] can't sleep with white noise on, I [31M] can't sleep without it
Wife (28F) is trying out a new job and it's not going great. I (28M) don't know what to do.
My girlfriend is an Instagram model, should I be upset?
One night stand or actual love
Overprotective or Obsessive ?
I love you.
How do I [20s/F] introduce my boyfriend [30s/M] to my parents [40s/F, 50s/M]?
Long distance relationship of 3 years and my gf [19F] suddenly asks to break up with me [23M]
My bf is always mean to me
IS HE JUST CREEPY OR WHAT?
Should I confront my boss?
I (26M) had sex with my best friend of 7 years (25M) who I once believed to be straight. It was great. I’m petrified of ruining the best thing in my life so far.
Wife (28F) is trying out a new job this week, and it's not going well. I (28M) don't know what to do or how to help.
I (f 25) don't know what to do
Long distance relationship of 3 years and my gf [19F] suddenly asked to break up with me [23M]
How do you get rid of the feels when he left the door open?
I worry about our friendship's future
I’m afraid I have PTSD from my relationship
Long distance relationship of 3 years and my gf [19F] suddenly asked to break up with me [23M]
Should I confront my boss
I’m (37F) dating a man (45M) who doesn’t drink alcohol, I do drink occasionally and it’s becoming an issue
How can I constructively communicate to my [30M] friend [23F] that she's in an abusive and dangerous relationship?
I think my (29F) best friend (28F) is a sociopath and it's scaring me. Some of her recent actions seem scary and her lies are extraordinary
LDR gf [19 F] of 3 years suddenly broke up with me [26 M] over text
What does it mean if a man (40M) often says he doesn't want anything more than friendship with you (40F), but he often sends song lyrics and links to songs that are the most romantic things you've ever heard in your life?
Girlfriend (F18) says she is losing interest in the relationship (B18) I what to keep the relationship going but I don’t know how.
Breaking the ice betwen me[M 21] and her [F 25]
I’m ruining my relationship because I’m unhappy with my life.
My (19F) girlfriend (20F) admitted to me that she had a high expectation of who I’d be like in her head, and I didn’t turn out that way
I [F25] don't know what to do
No intimacy. Some sex. M34 F34. How wrong am i?
I am ruining my relationship because I’m unhappy with my life.
Not sure what to do and how to react
How to get him to commit: relationship advice every single woman should know.
Have I misunderstood?
How much longer should I wait for her?
No imtimacy. Some sex. Just.. is this how it is?
She wants to be friends🤦🏽‍♂️
I think my GF is living to me....... About something?
How much longer should I wait for her?
How do i(F17) get my boyfriend(M20) to stop pestering me for pictures?
She wants to be friends🤕
Need advice - 30F & 32M marriage, childish husband resentful wife
Is my (48F) manager just being friendly towards me (24F) or do you think she likes me? Would you consider any of these things inappropriate
My fear of rejection is so bad [29F] that I can’t even hang out with the guy I like [29M]
How do I (F17) get my boyfriend(M20) to stop pestering me for pictures?
My girlfriend (22f) doesn't laugh at my (25m) jokes and it's bothering me
I (20f) need advice for my sisters (21f) breakup.
My (22f) girlfriend and (25m) I love each other but we don't exactly have the same sense of humor and last night she said something that's been bothering me
Have I misunderstood?
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) photoshops her pictures for social media, but sends me the originals and it makes me uncomfortable. How do I bring this up?
My gf wants to talk about something, I brought it up cause she is still acting strange. We talked last week I'm calling her today, am I overthinking?
Need advice - 30F & 32M marriage, childish husband resentful wife
How do I let a guy down gently?
My gf wants to talk about something, I brought it up cause she is still acting strange. We talked last week I'm calling her today, am I overthinking?
My gf wants to talk about something, I brought it up cause she is still acting strange. We talked last week I'm calling her today, am I overthinking?
broke up w gf, thinking about it all
I slept with my friends GF
After all the excuses I (22F) don't know what to do about my (24M) excuses
Anyone out there that can help get an ex back?
2 years..no proposal..is he stalling?
Breaking the ice betwen me [21M] and her[25F]
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) photoshops her pictures for social media, but sends me the originals and it makes me uncomfortable. How do I bring this up?
12 years later remembering ex-girl friend
Engagement
Is me (21 M) stupid for telling my gf (21F)that id do anything for her?
My ex-gf (27F) doesn’t know if she want to work on things with me (27M) or continue to talk to her ex prior to me.
Long term couples: if you had to meet your SO for the first time as the version of themselves that they are today, would you still fall in love with them?
Would you do anything for your love?
How do I (22F) stop being resentful of my boyfriend (24M)?
How do I better communicate with older in laws to have a great relationship with some boundaries.
I (37F) am at my wit's end with DH (44M) and I feel horrible about it.
My (30F) husband (29M) won't brush his teeth and things are getting rough.
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) photoshops her pictures for social media, but sends me the originals and it makes me uncomfortable. How do I bring this up?
He keeps putting off getting tested for STIs, should I end things now?
Should I [21M] move on if a girl [19F] that used to text me constantly now barely puts any effort in the conversation?
Due to what he said in an argument, I [F/25] am no longer sure if my boyfriend [m/35] is still "the one" for me.
My ex-gf (27F) doesn’t know if she want to work on things with me (27M) or continue to talk to her ex prior to me.
Am I (19F) reading too much into this?
Should I move on if a girl that used to text constantly now barely puts any effort in a conversation?
Am I (19F) reading too much into this?
Soooo does my crush like me like that?
I (25F) HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM (32 M) IS IT TOO SOON OR I'M I SETTING MYSELF UP FOR A DISAPPOINTMENT?
I (25F) HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM (32 M) IS IT TOO SOON OR I'M I SETTING MYSELF UP FOR A DISAPPOINTMENT?
I (37F) am at my wit's end with my husband (44M) and I feel horrible about it.
How can I (22F) self-improve for my amazing boyfriend (21M)?
Feeling like I’m in a constant competition with my roommate
How to stop myself from catching feelings for my child’s father so we can coparent without the drama of liking each other?
Feeling like I’m in a constant competition with my roommate
He keeps putting off getting tested for STIs, should I end things?
My ex-gf (27F) doesn’t know if she want to work on things with me (27M) or continue to talk to her ex prior to me.
Extended family are comparing my [28M] GF's[28F] appearance to my ex and this is not the first time something similar has happened
Told my parents my brother [17/m] slept with my boyfriend [19/m], how am I the bad person?
How can I (27F) tell my friend (30F) that her "jokes" about my husband (40M) make me feel uncomfortable?
Breaking the ice
Unsure of how to continue flaky friendship even though I care about this person a lot.
How do I(19F) fix a relationship in which I caused trust issues with my boyfriend (25M)
The hotter the girl , the lonelier she is ?
I(19F) am gonna loss the love of my life (25M) because of trust issues I caused a few months ago
I(19F) think I’m gonna lose the love of my life (25M) after I fucked up by talking to an ex. How can one fix trust issues?
How to Get a Girlfriend in less than a week! Got mine in 3 days
Engagement?
My ex-gf (27f) doesn’t know if she wants to work it out with me (27m) or continue talking to her ex from prior to me.
Our family differences
[tl;dr] How to get a girlfriend in under a week! Got my crush on 3 days!
I (25F) started sleeping with my ex-boyfriend (22M) casually and caught feelings. Should I tell him?
Engagement
I (22) (M) just told my girlfriend (21) (F) i have feelings for someone else [2 year relationship]
I Don't get this part of a rejection text my crush (26/ f) gave me (23/ m).
Space vs. breakup, How do I navigate this with so much ambiguity?
Did I [M30] make the romantic gestures obvious to her [F26]?
Did I [M30] make the romantic gestures obvious to her [F26]?
[HOW-TO] How to get your dream girlfriend in under week! I got mine in less than 3 days.
How to break up
Unsure of how to continue friendship with someone who is flaky even though I care about them a lot.
How would you interpret it if a girl (21f) told you "It's good that you're not blond because I don't like blond guys"?
Bf (25) best female friend (25) dislikes me (21)
I (M) just told my girlfriend (F) i have feelings for someone else
My [32M] parents [72M, 62F] have become politically obsessed and it's seriously affecting our relationship and their relationship with my children
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) won’t stop talking about other girls hitting on him.
I'm at my wit's end and feel like a horrible person
Unsure of how to continue a friendship when someone is being flaky.
Extended family are comparing my [28M] GF's[28F] appearance to my ex and this is not the first time something similar has happened
Me [32 M] with everybody [all ages/sexes] am unable to make meaningful friendships, no matter how much effort I put into it.
Me 26 F with my Best Friend 23 F - BF is dating my Brother (23) and I am heartbroken
Unsure of how to continue friendship with someone who is flaky
im [21f] moving to montana for a job and my boyfriend [23m] wants to come with me
In a foreign country, don't speak the language, no friends, not enough money to move out. Still living with ex partner. Broke up yesterday officially.
I'm at my wit's end and feel like a horrible person
In a foreign country, don't speak the language, no friends, not enough money to move out. Still living with ex partner. Broke up yesterday officially.
Am I (M 25) paranoid for being worried about my GF ( F 27) constantly liking Facebook posts of a guy interested in her even after we had a fight about the same issue multiple times to stop giving the guy hope?
I (f20) dont really like sex, which is a problem for my bf(m22)
I (40'sM) Give up.
Finally told parents about my brother [17/m] sleeping with my bf [19/m], how am I the bad one?
My boyfriend (18) does not let Me (18yr old female) message other guys even though I have never cheated or anything like that
Girlfriend (25f) and I (36m) are at a crossroads with renewing our lease
My [18F] boyfriend [19M] is friends with my rapist [21M]
My [18F] boyfriend [19M] is friends with my rapist [21M]
Girlfriend [21f] and my [27m] sleep habits keep harming each other
My ex (28M) and I (21F) were planning on getting back together, had pretty much made it official, then he slept with someone. Should I give him a chance?
Advice needed!
How do we get back on track?
My ex (28M) and I (21F) were going to get back together, had pretty much made it official, then he slept with someone. Should I give him a chance?
Am I paranoid for being worried about my GF constantly liking Facebook posts of a guy interested in her even after we had a fight about the same issue multiple times to stop giving the guy hope?
I (17) just exited a toxic relationship but keep remembering ski the good times and want to go back
Am I paranoid for being worried about my GF constantly liking Facebook posts of a guy interested in her even after we had a fight about the same issue multiple times to stop giving the guy hope?
Does anyone else feel rude when talking to their therapist? Only talking about yourself feels so weird to me!
What I've Learned In My Relationships About Maintaining a Happy, Healthy Relationship
how do u ask a girl out and how do u know friend zone
What I've Learned In My Relationships About Maintaining a Happy, Healthy Relationship
Should I be worried if my girlfriend keeps liking posts of a guy who's expressed interest in her and she tells that she's not interested in him at all while giving him hope by looking everything he posts?
I'm miserable about how attractive women (20sF) don't want me and I'm miserable that I'm broke and poor living with my father. I'm 26M never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin. I'm fat ugly short and poor. I hate the men who women I fall for but who reject me chose over me.
No idea what to do
Career or Relationship/ well said or Nah?
Looking for this one person in everyone
Do you look for "the one" in everyone you see?
Do you feel like you're in "Tinder" mode constantly?
I lied about my engagement ring
My(25f) boyfriend(25m) lied to me about when he and his ex had broken up
This is for a friend
Do you feel like you are in a "Tinder" mode constantly?
No idea what to do
When your crush adds you on facebook but doesn't message you?
I got dumped and called a monster
When your crush adds you on facebook but doesn't message you?
My relationship with sex and my boyfriend
I asked out my crush.
Falling out of love... do we break up
I asked out my crush who I liked since second grade.
I (m23) think I lost my gf (f18)
Romantic but Not Sexual (25M) and (24F) (2 MONTHS)
Will we reconcile? Me ( F) and him (M) both turning 18. We're still friends.
I (26M) found out that my now ex-girlfriend (23F) for 3.5 years used a break in the relationship to have a no-strings attached relationship with another guy after we agreed on a no sex rule. Does this still constitute as cheating?
I (17), miss my emotionality manipulative ex, and want to go back
What’s the difference between a red flag and someone just plain being human and fucking up?
Told to do something then do it
How should I feel?
I (m23) think I lost my gf (f18)
First time relationship for both of us are over now, we're friends for now but will we reconcile? How long should do the no contact rule?
I am beyond frustrated, what should I do?
I hate my life so fucking much
So I (26M) found out that my now ex-girlfriend (23F) for 3.5 years used a break in the relationship to have a no-strings attached relationship with another guy, after we agreed on a no sex rule. Does this still constitute as cheating?
Reconcile?
(Update) I (21M) have a crush on a friend (21F) but I know she doesn't have any interest. She doesn't show interest in conversations or texts we have but she still does it so I don't feel bad. What should I do?
I think I have lost my gf
Is it normal to feel sad that I [m22] am going to leave my gf [f21] one day?
I am beyond frustrated, what should I do?
Am I being played or overly ambitious?
My boyfriend [21M] of three months did something that reminded me [21F] of an abusive relationship I had
Relationship Transformation and Coaching Program
I (F/26) found messages on my husband's (M/30) computer with him speaking to another man in a sexual way.
[Relationships] Losing grip of what’s healthy in a relationship
Is it normal to feel sad that one day I am going to break up with my girlfriend?
Worried about friends safety leaving toxic relationship and how it's affecting my mental health.
My [26M] partner doesn't seem to know how to be in a relationship. Should I [25F] call it or invest in showing him the way?
How do you recover after a terrible fight?
Advice needed for getting back into it
Worried for friends safety and both of our mental health.
Help, Advice needed!
Pregnant girlfriend (25f) pushing for marriage and I'm (26m) still wanting to wait.
I'm (19F) unsure how to break up with my bf (23M)
I'm (F27) feeling more and more disconnected and resentful towards my Husband (M31)
I (F/26) found messages on my husband's (M/30) computer talking to another male about masturbating.
Women who had a work-busy partner during pregnancy and the first year; what was it like? and how did you deal with it?
I (40M) was cheated on yrs ago by my (44F) gf. Now I have trust issues. How do I move past this?
I (24M) told Her (25F) the thing I have done
I (23M) can't stop dreaming of my ex (19F)
Work Related: Equal Pay for Equal Work
How do I know what I'm feeling is love?
She (F/25) Caught Me (M/24) in a Stupid Little Lie
The ultimate gaslighter or am I needy?
My [25 M] ex [26 F] is still friends with a friend of mine after we broke up, will talk to him
My girlfriend (25f) of two years and I (36m) need to find a way to live together yet live separate lives
[Relationships] Losing grip of what is a healthy relationship
How can couples live together and have separate lives?
[Relationships] Losing grip of what is a normal, healthy relationship
Trust issues
Engagement advice!
20m crushing hard on f20 college classmate
"I love you when things are good"
My boyfriend (M20) has depression. (F16)
I (M40) was cheated on yrs ago(F44), now I have trust issues. How can I move past this?
20 m Crushing hard on college classmate f20
Trust issues
My [26F] boyfriend [28M] has incredibly awful road rage and approach to driving and after last night, I think I need to leave.
Girl (18) I've been seeing has friendzoned me (19M) because I asked and was concerned about who she was out with on valentine's evening
Girl (18) I've been seeing friendzoned me (19M) because I was asking who she went out with on valentine's evening
Work Related: Equal Pay for Equal Work
Concerned I've (26M) opened an old wound with an ex (25F)
Let’s talk about having a depressed partner...
[20/woman] what's your opinion about one night?
I wonder your opinion about one night
I (25F) am pretty sure I just caught my husband (27M) masturbating in bed next to me last night
My(16) anxiety is effecting my relationship
After brokeup: can i feel home again? (29m)
It drives me crazy when I try to focus someone keeps disrupting me.
My girlfriend (15F) still talks to her ex boyfriend much to my (16M) dismay
One of my (15F) best friends (15F) has a crush on me, but I don't know how to feel about her.
I (24F) am worried my bf (24M) is lying to me about his friend using his phone to text a girl
My (21F) partner of one year (19M) spat on me after an argument last night, and I’m not sure what to do.
My (21F) partner of one year (19M) spat on me after an argument last night, and I’m not sure what to do.
I think my best friend's boyfriend is making her waste away her life, is it any of my business?
After brokeup: Can i feel home again? (29M)
I (35m) just can't let my wife go (35f)
My (M21) girlfriend (F20) puts no effort into our long distance relationship but it’s amazing when we’re together. Her lack of interest is starting to seriously frustrate me. What should I do?
My (M21) girlfriend (F20) puts no effort into our long distance relationship but it’s amazing when we’re together. Her lack of interest is starting to seriously frustrate me. What should I do?
I (22f) don’t know if I shut my ex (20m) out after he broke up with me. Sometimes I feel like I want to reach out.
Me (29m) and my girl (25f) broke up. I still live in "our" apartment. Can i feel home in this thing? ATM it is a little weird
I (22F) don’t know if I shut my ex (20M) out after breakup?
Am I being a bitch?
I'm terrified that I won't be able to make friends this year and that i'll be alone.
GF (24) is often insecure and puts little effort into relationship
GF (24) is often insecure and feel she doesn't put effort into the relationship
She(18) wants a break, do i(20) wait for her to message me first?
My (F20Finland) boyfriend (M27Norway) is jealous because I was in a meeting and then went to talk to his brother (M29Norway)
I RECOMMEND THIS WAY TO EARN ONLINE
Should I feel guilty about moving out? I have lonely parents who refuse to get a divorce and hence have ruined the family household, yet I am not allowed to move out by their rules.
Health, wealth, happiness and relationships(32)
I need advice 30(m)
Should I feel guilty about moving? I have lonely parents who refuse to get a divorce and hence have ruined the family household, yet I am not allowed to move out by their rules.
Health, wealth, happiness and relationships(32)
Health, wealth, happiness and relationships
Should I feel guilty about moving out?
Me (28/M) and Gf (21/F) no sex?
i (M, 17) need guidance on my now ex (F, 16)
i need guidance on my ex please
My gf (25F) sister got just got married at 21, I asked at what age she thought she wanted to marry (23M)
Please Help Me Out My Heart Hurts
Dealing with that girl (26)
I'm(M, 21) planning on hitting up my ex(F, 19)
Boyfriend (25M) no longer wants to take the next step
My(24F) boyfriend(23M) requested some space and he came back a completely different person
My fiancé constantly lies to me about past relationships
How to ask a roommate to move out?
I [28 M] with my long-distance girlfriend [24 F] of 7 months am growing extremely frustrated and unable to communicate.
Dealing with that girl
Hitting up my ex... ya know, THE ex
My(24F) boyfriend(23M) requested some space and he came back a completely different person
How long do you keep photos from a hookup?(23F)
Partner/Fiance desires a polyamorous relationship
My GF (F28) best friend asked her to leave me (M30)
Girlfriends best friend asked her to leave me.
My (24M) girlfriend (24F) showed a bunch nudes to our mutual friend and I don't know how to feel.
I (26M, bi) love my wonderful fiance (26M) but I have strong feelings for a friend (36F) that I don't want to pursue and need help to get over
I [28F] can’t look at boyfriend [29M] the same after some jokes he told [4yr duration]
My(37m) GF(31f) went silent on me on Valentines Day
Why do people do this?
Is Alex slimy, shady, or just big brain? (group relationship)
I (26M, bi) have an amazing fiance (26M) but I have painfully strong feelings for a friend (36F) that I don't want to act on and I need help to get over
Crush on my (21F) boyfriend's (M22) friend (M22)
Guys is it okay for your women to be best friends with their ex husband?
Friend keeps bringing up my ex
My (23m) Friend (30m) doesn't pay attention and loses interest during movies I recommend because he's busy checking his phone and shit or asking a random fucking question during the movie but when he recommends me a movie I sit there never touch my phone and never miss a detail enabling me to enjoy
My (23m) Friend (30m) doesn't pay attention and loses interest during movies I recommend because he's busy checking his phone and shit or asking a random fucking question during the movie but when he recommends me a movie I sit there never touch my phone and never miss a detail enabling me to enjoy
My dad always blame me
My bf (28M) overslept through our midnight date
I [26m] drunkenly hooked up with a girl (21f) and we cuddled most of the next day. Is that normal?
Pathological fear that my gf (23F) is cheating on me (24M)
I feel like being with my girlfriend has no future
Would I be a monster to break up with my boyfriend over text?
Hmm
I [27M] confessed to my best friend [23F] last night and it didnt go as planned. What do I do now?
My[28F] husband [30M] looks at porn videos and still images. I like chat sex with strangers. Why is his porn ok but mine isn’t?
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) has mentioned that he wants more friends outside of our relationship
I (21F) am worried since my (24M) boyfriend asked for space during rough family issues
am i a jerk for this?
My (21f)boyfriend (28 m) is in jail.
Men of r/relationships, my (20F) boyfriend (20M) has mentioned he wishes he had more friends (outside of me), should I try to help him?
Men of r/relationships, my (20F) boyfriend (20M) has mentioned he wishes he had more friends (outside of me). As his girlfriend can I/should I try to help him meet people and how?
Men of r/relationships, my (20F) boyfriend (20M) has mentioned he wishes he had more friends (outside of me). As his girlfriend can I/should I try to help him meet people and how?
Will I ever find a gf?
How Lord Masuka brought my bf back after a tragic breakup
To send or not... 22(f) found something disturbing on exes 23 (m) phone when reconnecting
To send or not...please help
Am I (26F) okay to go to the funeral of someone I didn’t really know?
I am pregnant [26F] and was ditched by my ex [28M]
After 6 years of dating her so and nearly a year of being married my (F24) MIL (55) finally told me she was happy to I was her DIL
I [20s M] have a generally good relationship with my mother [50s F] but when we argue for whatever reason, she says some very vicious things about me
I [20s M] have a generally good relationship with my mothers [50s F] but when we argue for whatever reason, she says some very vicious things about me
Do I msg this girl?
Do I msg this girl?
I'm pregnant [26F] and was ditched by my ex [28M]
Do I msg this girl?
Advice M(16) F(16)
My [28F] boyfriend’s [29M] nitpicking is getting too much and bringing me down.
boyfriend spends a lot of time with an enabling former fling
I [25/F] don't know whether I should be offended by the actions of an attorney [32/M] that I work with.
I (F30) am being physically harrased by my manage (M40). HR has done nothing
Advice
25 F dating 23 M, how do I ask him to be more romantic?
How do I [27/F] deal with my father's [63/M] acceptance of his impending death, when he's not actually dying, he's just in poor health and refusing to do anything about it?
How to cut suicidal ex (M25) out of my (F22) life
My[25F] best friend's[25F] family kicked her sister[18F] out after I gave her some life advice. Sister moved in with me and now all hell has broken loose. How do I move forward?
She saves my life I don't remember how.
How do I get over my [20 F] boyfriend's [22 M] past?
I (26M, bi) love my fiance (26M) but I have strong romantic and sexual feelings for a friend (36F)
I [25/F] don't know whether I should be offended by the actions of an attorney [32/M] that I work with.
A girl saves my life and I do not remember how
I think my friend (22F) is in an abusive relationship and she thinks I don't know him (26M) well enough
My [30]gf invites her old FwB to her birthday party. [Advice]
I’m (23F) pregnant with my bfs (52M) baby and I want to leave him
Very confused with everything.
Parents are nosey
I (M26, bi) am happily engaged to the man of my dreams (M26) but I have strong feelings for a friend (F36) and I don't know what to do
Controlling Parents
Nosey & Controlling Parents
I F 19 can’t understand why my boyfriend M 28 is being resistant to a future I thought out. 1 year.
I (22F) am really enamoured by my boyfriend's best friend (24M) and have been for years. Am I reading into things?
My [29F] stopped chatting after our second date.
(20M)(19F) Social media etiquette?
How to cut suicidal ex out of my life
My (30f) husband (30m) is a cross dresser
(20M)(19F) Social media etiquette?
Update... Girl I was dating was busy on Valentine's Day.
I (30f) just found out my husband (30m) is a crossdresser
Do I (27m) have a right to be upset when my s.o (30f) prioritizes social media posting/being active on messenger & Instagram, over replying to my messages?
I(m21) wants a relationship with someone who can sponsor me.
not attracted anymore 😬
my boyfriend (21M) called me (21F) a piece of shit for having a bad day
My best friend (F25) and I (F24) are in a huge fight over one mistake. Any advice?
Absolute Disaster
What's everyone's take on their S.O's posting to social media (being active on Instagram, messenger, etc.) while not prioritizing your texts or messages?
Co-worker (30sF) is ruining my reputation because she "I make her uncomfortable" (20sF)
Did I [22M] send the wrong text to my friend? [22F]
CW!!! Anger, Projection, Trauma, Triggers, Unmet Needs
I’m (22M) having second thoughts on dating my close friend (22F) after only a week
Interpreting a Relationship Status(M29/F29)
Absolute disaster
HELP!! My ex (24m) is trying to get back together with me (f22) after he ended the relationship
I’m 14 (m) dating another 14 year old (f) and I need some advice on how to keep our relationship running
Still unsure what to do...
I’m (22M) having second thoughts on dating my very close friend (22F) after only a week or so of dating
Me [15 M] dont know what to say to [16f] after a few interactions
Ok so me 14 (m) I have been dating this girl (14) and I wanna know tips to make it last
Ok so me 14 (m) I have been dating this girl (14)
My girlfiend (24MtF) is a lot taller than me (22M) and we both want me to feel more dominant
Been dating/ semi living together for 6 months. Never a fight. Is this normal?
Buy Cenforce 200mg Online | TramadolShop
I'm 24 year guy who likes writing. A girl I've been dating for few weeks said she likes me because of my passion for writing. I never thought having a passion was attractive to a girl, and its motivated me to keep writing more. But I don't understand why having a passion is attractive to girls?
How do you handle transportation to a date that involves drinking?
My (23F) bf (33M) takes his anger out on me
I (29f) have known my friend (39f) for 16years and her complaints about her marriage are ruining our friendship
Did I fall for him too fast?
My girlfiend (24MtF) is a lot taller than me (22M) and we both want me to feel more dominant
I’m (f19) still upset because my boyfriend (m22) barely made time for me on Valentines, am I overreacting? (Nearly one year together)
Did I fall for him too fast?
Me [15 M] i dont know what to say to [16 F] after a few physical interactions
I [36M] think a coworker [F??] is short and distant from me because I'm married.
Did I fall for him too fast?
My (26F) friend (25M) is severely mentally ill, what are my options to help?
My (26F) Friend (M25) is very mentally ill, how do I get them help?
My (27F) boyfriend (23M) can't keep up with my crazy sex drive
Bothered by something my girlfriend did before we met
Hooked up with my (21F) crush (24M), but I'm worried about where it goes from here
My (25F) boyfriend (26M) stays out late every night drinking with coworkers and I rarely ever see him
Hooked up with my (21F) crush (24M) and I don't know what to do from here
Please help- tw: sexual assault
Platonicity
Sometimes Love Doesn't go our way but we still proposing women & trying to find our best match.
Is my ex (36M) using me (22F) as a bootycall?
I think my good friend (20M) has a crush on me (20F) but I don’t feel the same way. What should I do?
I [17] recently exited a toxic relationship, and wanna go back.
How do you handle transportation to a date that involves drinking?
My Brother (M24) and Mothet (F59) are fighting endlessly to the point it makes my youngest brother (M23) and I (F26) uncomfortable to be around.
I still like her but I want to get over it
Did I fall for him too fast?
My (25F) boyfriend’s (25M) hot temper irritates me. How to resolve?
My Boyfriend is in AIT and acting different?
Boyfriend problems...
One of my best friends just treats me like just another person now
I think a good friend (20M) has a crush on me (20F) but I don’t feel the same way and want to remain friends. What should I do/say?
My boyfriend told me that he thinks his cousin has a thing for him.
I am socially awkward and can’t tell a girl I like her
Did I ruin my chances with my crush?
advice
Am I treating a hookup badly?(18F)
My SO (26M) and I (29F) have a pretty unstable relationship with moments of good. Looking for advice because it’s getting pretty erratic
A girl I'm friends with told me that she finds men with a Passion really attractive. She said her ex was obsessed with writing, and it was one of the things she liked about him. Why is Passion so attractive to girls? What is a Passion, or hobby, that girls have found attractive in a guy?
My boyfriend and I broke up, and now I'm really alone.
i need some advice.
Did I ruin my chances with my crush?
I broke up with my boyfriend today, and I now I'm really alone.
My friend (19M) of one year cut ties with me (19M) because he says he doesn't want to associate with someone that doesn't trust him
help
How do I ask someone I like them if I am extremely socially awkward
How do I(18f) reassure my ex(23m) about something?
I went out with a boy but we didn’t go on our second date until 4 months later. Should I ask him out again?
Feeling like an old married couple at 21
I 18m and finding myself with the opportunity to talk it over with my ex 18f about getting back together. But find that an acquaintance 18f, is kind of crushing pretty hard and idk how to handle this.
Am I (14F) being taken advantage of?
Seeing Ex Again After 2 Years and Confused
How do I get over the feeling that I'm a shitty boyfriend?
Seeing Ex Again After 2 Years and I am Confused
Attraction but no relationship
Program to be or not to be [35 year old male and 35 year old femAle]
Romantic relationship experiences
Attraction but no relationship
Just let me have it.
Programming- will it work?
My bf (23m) blames me (22f) for a misscarriage (we have been together for 3 years)
I [22F] can't tell if my ex [23M] would be interested in getting back together
Getting back together with an ex during her exchange semester
Seasonal Depression or just not interested?
My BF (23M) blames me (22f) for a misscarriage (we 3 years together)
Ending resentment
Life
How to get a girlfriend in college
Go out with a girl possibly temporarily?
I maybe cheated but don’t want to end the relationship...
I (F27) have mixed feelings about my LDR with my (M25) bf.
Am I being taken advantage of?
Seasonal Depression or just not Interested?
I [25M] cannot understand why my Mom [50F] has become a Trump supporter. What the hell happened?
I was conned again lmaoo :c...
How do you handle a significant other (30 M) who has a way more active social life than you (27F)?
My mother [50F] was a moderate Democrat, now she likes Trump. What the hell happened?
My mother [50F] was a moderate Democrat, now she likes Trump. What the hell happened?
Seasonal Depression or just uninterested??
He (40M) just messaged me (36F) to ask if a top he found at his place is mine... we had fully cut ties as he didn't want to upset his ex by telling her he was seeing someone else (me).
Someone is stealing my sons medication
Does he (24m) want me (22f) back?
I [15f] don't know how to leave an almost 4-year "relationship" with a pedophile [21m] after realizing I had been groomed.
[24M] Girlfriend [22F] doesn’t support my career change. What to do?
Would I (27/F) be crossing the line if I tell my SIL (26/F) that I don't think she should get married?
Is there a better way for me(18f) to explain my emotions to my ex(23m)?
Someone is stealing my sons medication
Is my husband using money against me?
He (40M) just messaged me (36F) to ask if a top he found at his place is mine... we had fully cut ties as he didn't want to upset his ex by telling her he was seeing someone else (me).
I meet her parents.
Can’t figure out if girlfriend still likes me or not
(35M) sexually unsatisfied with GF (30F) of 2 years
Am I being taken advantage of?
I need help convincing myself there’s something better out there
I 23M want to ask out a 23F that I met at the gym but haven’t seen her since. If I don’t see her within a day or two, I may just slide in her IG DM’s. Advice?
Please help
Is she (26F) in a relationship with this guy? Advice?
Can a spous be a best friend? My [32M] wife [33F] have very differing hobbies - I am disillusioned that we cannot be "best friends" or "best companions" and its tearing me up.
Trying to figure out where I (27F) stand with my partner (31M)?
Can’t figure out if girlfriend still likes me or not
Please help
Is It Time To Divorce My Pregnant Wife Or Should I Wait?
Erasmus breakup getting back together
My GF28s dad is creepy
Was I wrong to break up with my gf for going through my phone while I was sleeping.
Adding people to the bedroom.
I [16f] suddenly like a guy [16m] that I used to not like, because he became very attractive. Would I be a "bad person" if I ask him out?
Ever have one of those days...
My (24M) brother (26M) doesn't know he's being used by his girlfriend (24F)
I [20F] have effectively ended an 11 year friendship with my roommate [21F]. How do I move past this and survive the next few days?
My (24M) brother (26M) doesn't know he's being used by his girlfriend (24F)
My (24M) brother (26M) doesn't know he's being used by his girlfriend (24F)
Was I wrong?
My (16F) mom (48F) is obsessed with politics
Boyfriend (27 M) and I (22 f) have been dealing with sexual issues for months and it’s tearing apart our relationship.
I (24M) lost respect for my brother (26M) due to his girlfriend (24F)
Do I Divorce My Wife Who Is 29 Weeks Pregnant Because Our Relationship Has Gone To Shit?
Should I talk to my boyfriend (again) about how I don’t want kids?
Husband using house against me?
My GF’s dad is creepy
Boyfriend getting upset easily and is super fussy about what I can say, are these red flags?
I can’t tell if my [22F] ex [23M] wants to get back together
Need Advice, MIL is a living nightmare
Should I tell my boyfriend (again) that I don’t want kids?
Is it a bad sign that he hasn’t deleted dating apps after 6 months?
Is it normal to want to be friends with your partners friends?
Boyfriend getting upset easily and is super fussy about what I can say, are there red flags?
Is it normal to be friends with your partners friends?
I don’t know what to do
I [F18] need closure after being cheated on.
Celebrating bfs birthday
I think my (23f) friend’s (24f) boyfriend (24m) is trying to flirt with me, even in front of her
Should I do it ?
I’ll (F23) get mad at my fiancé (M26) which causes him to get pissed at me. The only thing he’ll do is flip me off. He will ignore anything I say and just give me the finger. What do I do??
Is she in the wrong at all?
I’ll get my at my fiancé. Then he’ll get mad at me and won’t talk to me and just flip me off when I ask him something, all because I got mad at him. What do I do??
I [23M] absolutely cannot get over this girl [27F]. This has been going on for years. She has a boyfriend [28M]. What can I do?
12 days before our anniversary
I (22F) became a “constant crier” after some things happening in my life. What to I do?
Is it time for me (19/m) to make it official with the boy (20/m) I've been dating?
I (34M) either committed a huge social media misstep or revealed a red flag with my new GF (30F), possibly both???
Erasmus exchange
I (25F) am thinking of going back to online dating again
I (22F) have had some moments in my life that now I am a “constant crier”. Can I do something about it?
MIL A living nightmare
Me (31 F), with my SO (38 M), discussions and compromises with children
I [23F] am attracted to my boyfriend [25M] again!
I'm (24F) terrified of having sex for the right reasons, but my bf (24M) expects it sooner or later. Should I break up with him?
I'm [23F] attracted to my boyfriend [25M]again!
I can’t tell if my (17F) girlfriend is getting bored of me (16M)
How can I (18M) stop my roommate of 5 months (32M) from playing videogames?
Should I be more patient of my boyfriend’s break request?
A Nervous Idiot Needing Guidance
[update] My (43f) husband (53m) takes hours for short errands and gets angry when I'm hurt by this
Should I (f21) be more patient of his (m20) break request or is it leading nowhere?
Do I stay with her or not?
A Nervous Idiot Seeking Help
Friends with benefits weirdness? 24F and 25M
How can women do watever they want to men and not be considered bad women? But as soon as a man does one bad thing to a woman he’s a bad guy?
My (M19) friend (M18) still has feelings toward my girlfriend (F18) and is treating us differently because of it
Mixed Signals from Coworker (F23/M23)
[UPDATE] Stepmom(45F) acts like I'm(19F) the "other woman"
Erasmus exchange
My(30M) wife(28F) takes advice from r/relationships
I’m (m23) in a sticky situation with my (f20) ex.
Help with income inequality between me [38M] and my girlfriend [37F] of 5 months
Friend with benefits weirdness?
Mixed Signals w/Coworker M23/F23
Is the behavior from my (F20) boyfriend (M22) normal? Am I being overdramatic?
My roommate is cheating on her bf and idk what I'm supposed to do
Being affectionate toward my mom feels gross and I don’t know why.
40s and single
My (37M) partner (37F) physically stopped me from driving away during an argument
Should I [25f] get drunk before having sex with a guy I've been seeing [31m] to ease anxiety?
I [20M] received a text from the girl I've been seeing [21F] saying that she's bi and confused and basically broke it off. We were texting every day... so should I text her just to say what's up?
I (25F) don’t know if I should let things play out with (22M) or move on?
I think this is the end.
Why is it that when I [M20] get really close with someone, their respect/high regard for me dwindles?
[M25] I don't know whether to stay with her or not?
Being appropriately affectionate toward my mom feels gross.
How do I (19F) tell this guy I’m seeing (21M) that I got with his friend(21M)?
Why is it that the closer I get to people, the less they seem to respect/look up to me?
Lord Masuka brought my bf back after a tragic breakup
My girlfriend (24f) broke up with me (29m). now what?
My [24f] neighbor[50m] kept my most precious necklace in his guitar case after a terrible night of mistakes.
My[24 f] neighbor [50m] kept my most sentimental necklace hidden in his guitar case. Now I'm confused.
How can I (F26) ask a guy (M27) to be a gentleman or protective around me in a hook up situation, without leading him to believe I am asking for a preferential treatment from his end?
6yrs for this
I feel like my girlfriend just isn’t as into me as she used to be.
My(24F) partner (29M) leaves hookah where pets can get it.
My brother (15M) beat me (13M) up while his friends recorded the whole thing
Can anyone give me advice on how to fix this? Please.
How can I (F26) ask this guy (M27) (hook up plans only) to be a gentleman or protective around me without leading him to think I am asking for a preferential treatment?
Does my coworker like me and is just akward?
Me(21F) and boyfriend( 22M) working on relationship.
The (27M) of my dreams who I (24F) have been (more than) casually dating for about 4 months told me he loved me, and two days later he tells me its not going to work out.
Boyfriend (21M) lied about texting another girl (18F)
How can I ask a guy (just a hook up) to be protective, vigilant or a gentleman (call whatever you want) without leading him to think I am looking for something else than just sex.
I (26m) am no longer attracted to my wife (26f) of two years. Should I tell her?
I'm (30M) being slandered by a woman (28F) who I was close friends with. She told my wife (30F) a bunch of lies, told her boyfriend I was obsessed with her and is telling everyone I have a mental illness. What do I do?
My brother (15M) started a physical fight with me (13M) and his friends recorded the whole thing.
Great 1st date and now he is acting different..
My (22f) bf (24m) leaves wrappers everywhere
My Boyfried (32M) cheated on me (28F) gave me chlamydia need advice
My (22f) bf (24m) leaves wrappers everywhere
My partner of 1 year [23M] just told me [24F] that he wasn't happy but I think he was lying, please give me advice
I can’t get over my exes rebound.
My [28F] two friends [28F+ 28M] of 7 years just told me and the rest of the friend group that they're expecting a baby!
Should couples do things together or simply just coexist?
ADVICE! Parents mock me to the point I don't want to speak to them.
i cheated on my bf after months of him cheating on me... thoughts...?
ADVICE PLEASE! How to get someone to stop mocking you, constantly.
Are couples supposed to just coexist? Should they do things with each other? Or just be roommates?
I cheated on my boyfriend after months of him cheating on me... thoughts...
My (23F) younger sister (18F) is mad at me because I told our parents she has been doing drugs
Bad relationships with my parents are bothering me
Bad relationships with my parent's are bothering me
Is my [28/F] best friend [28/M] a borderline-abusive asshole or is his GF [28/F] making him that way?
Just trying to figure out this thing called life
Pathological fear that my girlfriend is going to cheat on me
Bad relationships with my parent's are bothering me
My (23F) younger sister (18F) is mad at me because I told my parents she’s been doing drugs at college
I [20M] got a text more or less breaking it off from this girl [21F] about a week ago... should I text her?
I don't know how to feel about my girlfriends actions.
I (23F) recently found out that my (now ex) partner (23M) cheated on me for the 4th time. I’m desperate for advice.
Me and my ex got back together but I can’t get over my Ex’s rebound.
How can I 23 (F) ensure that I don't let a guy (36 M) ruin my friendship with a close friend (24F)?
I [M29] Need help with my son [M3.5]
I don't know how to react to what my girlfriend has done.
Me [M19] My „girlfriend” [F20] wanted to go clubbing but I had to cancel it last minute as I had to sort stuff out before my flight?
My [37F] brother [35 M] is dragging all of us down and i dont know what to do
Me and my Ex got back together but I still feel off??
I (23F) recently found out that I was cheated on for the 4th time by my (now ex) partner (23M) of 6 years. Desperate for advice.
My wife (32F) denied cheating but I (32M) am still suspicious of her.
And the saga continues....
Has anyone married someone who you "knew deep down was the one", and then things changed?
Political Debate ruined my Birthday
What are your tips for beginners?
My wife (32F) denied cheating but I (32M) am still suspicious. What do I do?
Why have I [24M] had this sudden deluge of feelings.
I (19F) discovered my boyfriend’s (25M) secret porn account and it’s disturbing me to the point that I want to break up [NSFW]
What are some tips for a beginner in love?
Politics ruined my birthday
My wife (32F) denied cheating but I (32M) am still suspicious. What do I do?
I (27M) hooked up with a friend (25F) who I've had feelings for for a long time, but she just wants to be friends after not feeling a sense of romance when we were intimate - unsure whether I should tell her about my autism spectrum diagnosis
My [27 f] sister [25] is making me feel bad
My [30F] friend [30M] has had the same problems and excuses for 12 years, and his threats of suicide and emotional turmoil seem immutable, even with therapy. Is there anything I haven't tried?
My Grandma started a political debate at my birthday party, got into a fight with my husband and ruined my birthday.
My boyfriend wants to get married after dating for a year.
My (25M) now ex girlfriend (21F) of 2 years broke up with me out of nowhere and put all my stuff outside the next day. What could be going on?
Is it ok to reuse date ideas with different girls?
My (25M) now ex (21F) of 2 years broke up with me out of nowhere and threw all my shit outside.
No one believes this was an accident
My wife denied cheating but I am still suspicious. What do I do?
My boyfriend wants to get married after a year of dating
My (M17) brother(M24) started going after my classmate (F17) and I don’t know what to do
The girl (23F) I (23M) love is acting suspicious lately
How do I (29F) deal with desire to have sexual experiences outside of my LTR (I was a virgin when we met)
How far is too far?
Who is the abusive one here?
Talking to a girl(20) I(20m) like
Almost three months ago, I [24/M], broke up with my girlfriend [22/F] because I was going through a rough time and wasn't myself. I want to fix things.
I [26] am really struggling with my sisters [25] vibe
Not sure how to further our relationship
My [30F] friend [30M] has had the same problems and excuses for 12 years, and his threats of suicide and emotional turmoil seem immutable, even with therapy. Is there anything I haven't tried?
I Like Her But Her Past Scares Me [M22]
Boyfriend (20M) told me he started dating me (24F) because I reminded him of a friend he had a massive crush on
My partner(22m) and I(22f) have borderline personality disorder, I fear it's going to cost us both our relationship and our friendship!!
Not sure how to get this girl to like me
How to I create healthy boundaries without seeming like a callus asshole? (F 24 Leo & F 23 Leo)
I think my (32m) GF (33f) is crossing emotional boundaries with her long-distance male best friend (32m)
my boyfriend (26M) of 5 years hides things from me (23F)
I broke up with my girlfriend, and want to know if I did the right thing.
Drunk called my ex!
How do I set boundaries without coming off as a callus asshole?
Cheating
Can I get Her back
I [27M] cannot get over the fact that my [23F] madly in love GF got in a new relationship shortly after our breakup
Cheating
My [25F] ex-bf [29M] wont let me get my stuff back. It’s been nearly 9 months.
My brothers wife treats my kid’s like second-class (all in our 30s)
I broke up with my girlfriend, and want to know if it was the right thing to do
My friend (F17) is stealing MY (F18) art and won't stop
How to deal with being an emotional fluffer?
I'm (23F) waking up to the possibility that my best friend (24F) wasn't my friend at all. I think she actually despised me.
My friend is stealing my art even though I asked her to stop
I (M21) don't know how to tell my long term girlfriend (F22) that I don't enjoy having sex
Should I (19f) move on?
I [20M] snapped at one of my friends [20F] and told her to "gtfo" of my apartment. She forgave me but I still feel bad, what can I do to help mend?
Me (22F) and my boyfriend (26M) of 5 years constantly argue about him hiding things
My friend steals my art...
Should I (19f) move on?
Help!! Any and all advice accepted!!
I (27M) had a flood of emotions hit me over my ex (27F) after a bad date, how do I cope with this?
The Role of Psychopathic Traits, Rejection Sensitivity and Emotion Regulation in Predicting Sexual Coercion
Did I overreact or was I right to run for the hills
How do I (20) move past how my alcoholic mum treated me in the past
I'm (23F) waking up to the possibility that my best friend (24F) wasn't my friend at all. I think she actually despised me.
My bro’s wife treats my kids like crap (all in our 30s), XP from Christianity
I (M21) don't know how to tell my long term girlfriend (F22) I don't enjoy having sex
Did I overreact or was I right to run for the hills
Talking to a girl(20) I(20m) like
My (33F) boyfriend (44M) doesn’t love me.
Advice needed
Talking to a girl(20) I(20M) like
Statistically who is more faithful: lesbian women or straight men?
What is considered “normal” in a relationship?
Talking to a girl I like
Compulsive Liar Best Friend (29M) - how do I (29F) process the end of this friendship?
Compulsive Lying - how to process
How should I ask out my crush considering my condition?
How do I (22F) stop feeling like my partner (25M) wanting alone time means that he doesn’t love as much?
What should I(19M) do when my ex(19F) is insecure and unconfident in relationships?
(21M) broke up with a girl (19F) recently and I'm having trouble getting over it
I (23f) think I’m being harassed by a boy (20m) at my gym, no one thinks it’s serious
My guy friend /crush (M25 ) called me (F24) his significant other
could we possibly get back together ?
Offer to let my unfaithful ex-wife live with me until our kids are grown?
Girlfriend gets horny when she's drunk and will get drunk with a guy she fucked not too long ago, should i be worried that i wont be there? (M18) and (F17)
How does one start a relationship?
My (22M) doesn't believe in climate change
My friend /crush M25 called me F24 his significant other ?
Children are a symbol of wealth in my culture, and it's killing me [28 F]
My partner (22M) doesn't believe in climate change
Should I(f/30)leave ex (m/32) from short-term relationship alone forever?
Offer to let my unfaithful ex-wife live with me until our kids are grown?
Am I over thinking things?
I (18M) didn't tell my brother (17M) that I was moving out cause we don't get along.
Am I wrong for reaching out to my ex friend again?
I’m F(27) sick often and feel like it will jeopardize my relationship
Is he Cheating?
Am I too sensitive or are these feelings valid?
How can I work moving out issues with friend/roommate?
How to get my(19M) ex(19F) to believe in love again?
How do I (21) move past how my alcoholic mum treated me in the past
Romantic but Not Sexual (25M) and (23F)
i (23f) think i’m being harassed by a boy (20m) at my gym, no one takes it seriously.
Am I right to be feeling down or am I too sensitive?
Am I overreacting? I'm doubting whether he will ever improve his ways, or I will be able to accept his faults till the end of our days
Need perspective. Am I being too harsh?
My (25f) boyfriend’s (25m) sleep schedule is putting a strain on our relationship.
Advice needed
My aunt is gossiping about me to family
How does one start a relationship?
Was it stupid for me to reach out to my childhood friend again?
Test
My (21f) partner (22m) mental health decline and decline in our relationship
My boyfriend (25M) is becoming bald and I (21F) find myself unwillingly distancing myself from him which makes me feel like a bad person
I dont have sex with my boyfriend but maybe I want to have sex with girls.
Did I make the right decision in breaking up with my girlfriend I still love
I [26F] just found out my ex [26M] was cheating on me. Do I confront him?
My (28f) relationship with my online friend/crush (30m) is giving me unmanageable anxiety. What is fair of me to ask/expect of him?
Pls help! I'm a shy introvert and I want to tell or suggest my crush I love her but idk how...
My boyfriend (25M) is going bald and I (21F) find myself unwillingly distancing myself from him which I feel bad about
I [26F] just found out my ex [26M] of four years was cheating on me, a month after our breakup. Do I confront him?
I brought back memories of an ex with my behaviour and my girlfriend says it's changed everything
I really want to tell my crush I love her but I'm only a shy introvert... How can I do that ?
Considering distancing myself (27f) my brother (29m) after a political argument spiraled out of control
Am i crazy?
I [18F] don't know how to deal with knowing my cousin [24F] and her girlfriend [20sF] having sex.
My boyfriend has a scat fetish
I’m (22F) uncomfortable with my relationship with my boss (39M). TW: self harm
At a loss
My (25m) girlfriend (26f) of 2 years, with whom I live, finally confessed to a drunken mistake very early in the relationship, but it's complicated and I don't know how to feel or what to do.
Have I made the right decision in breaking up with my girlfriend I still love
Uhm...
Previous toxic relationship has me [33f] scared moving forward in new healthy one [33m].
I’m (22F) uncomfortable with my relationship with my boss (39M). TW: self harm
I (20f) am unsure if I should leave my bf (22m) of 2 Years due to being hypocritical/not nice
any tips to rebuild my confidence in the sex part of a relationship?
I (20f) am unsure if I am going to regret leaving my bf (22m) of two years due to lack of respect in the relationship
My bf m[33] doesn't love me f[28]
GF's mom is a real piece of work!
My bf m[33] doesn't love me f[28]
Do I (20f) stay with my (22m) bf
At a loss
Boys: would you appreciate it if a girl asked you out??
My BF[33] doesn't love me [29] back
Why do I feel guilty for ending a 5 year relationship?
Me [22 M] with my ex-girlfriend [20 F] 1 year and 2 months,
I just realized that the guy I live with and love doesn't love me back. This hurts so much. I feel so worthless
How can I heal if it’ll break someone else?
My(18M) boyfriend (22M) has a nice family and it scares me...?
My (22F) mom (54F) told me a secret from her past, and I can’t stop thinking about it.
I'm (M48) in love with a younger GF (F24) but have fears over the long term
Ex(22F) sent a message through a mutual friend, what does she hope to achieve?
Should i get back with my ex?
Confused what to think about a stick situation with Girlfriend [21F]
Am i moving too fast?
Why do people withhold sex from their partners, then wonder why they cheat?
I am scared to cut off my parents until I’ve graduated
Scared for friend leaving toxic relationship. Feeling helpless when trying to support.
Having issues keeping my parents happy and my future wife happy
Boyfriend (30m) seems indifferent to love songs I (28f) send him
technically ive been abused. is there really no hope for us? 8 year relationship, f[27] bf[26]
Possibly NSFW text only. Having trouble with communication about sexual behaviors and wants with fiancé (M29 & F29)
Is it worth another try?
My (20F) boyfriend (24M) caught me sexting.. will I ever get him back?
I'm (M48) in love with a younger GF (F24)
Trying to compromise with traditional indian parents.
18M new found insecurity leading to obsessive behaviors.
My [28f] boyfriend [36m] makes constant comments wishing I looked different and it hurts.
I (27F) went through an abusive relationship in the past, and I don't know if I should tell my bf (29M) about it.
I'm [M48] madly in love with a younger GF [F24]
Ex(22F) sent a message through a mutual friend, what does she hope to achieve?
Advice?
Boyfriend (30m) says he has no connection to music I (28f) send him
Romantic But Not Sexual
My BF is obsessed with me
My bf is obsessed with my
TW: abuse Friend in toxic situation and I feel helpless.
[20F] breaks up with [20M] because she thinks i will "cheat on her"
Girlfriend gets horny when she's drunk and will get drunk with a guy she fucked not too long ago, should i be worried that i wont be there?
I (28 yr old M) broke up with my GF (28 yr old F) and am feeling immense guilt and am not sure what to do next.
Do I love my girlfriend?
ive [M23] never been a good friend to a former best friend [F22] and want to apologize
(M18) having trouble with new insecurity leading to obsession
How do you know if you love someone?
I (28 M) broke up with my GF (28 F) and am feeling immense guilt and don't know what to do next.
Asking friend to be more than friends
I [M/20] love my girlfriend [F/20], but I feel the need to move on
She [24F] kept asking me [23M] questions about Valentine’s Day. Is she interested or just being friendly?
(18 male) I'm Falling For My Best Friend (18 male)
Dating classmate (Me 26 F), him 28 M, in small 70 person medical school class. Still 2 more years to go.
fiance not excited to relocate
Friend zoned? You decide.
I (28 yr old M) broke up with my GF (28 yr old F) of almost 3 years and feel immense regret.
Me and gf are not seeing eye to eye on affection
I'm Falling For My Best Friend
I (27F) went through an abusive relationship in the past, should I tell my boyfriend (29M)?
Am I overthinking this?
I (25F) don’t know when it’s time to have the exclusive/‘what are we’ talk?
I (22/f) asked my bf (22/m) to go out for a drink and he complained about money but he is happy to spend more with others
Am I overthinking things
My(25F) sister(30F) and my close friend(24F) are giving me the silent treatment
Am I overthinking things
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) has been weird about birth control in our relationship (7 months) and I need help
My girlfriend
I [M/20] love my girlfriend [F/20], but I feel the need to move on
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) has been weird about birth control in our relationship (7 months) and I need help
I’m(25F) getting the silent treatment from my sister(30F) and friend(24F)
I [F/24] left the bar that my boyfriend and I were in because I felt like he [M/28] was ignoring me.
Walking away from a best friend over an ex
Is it love if it's conditional? (F24) (M24)
I(M46) told my best friend(F32) that I've developed deeper feelings for her yesterday, she said she wanted time to think
I’m getting the silent treatment, Feeling frustrated
Help with feelings of insecurity leading to obsessive behaviors.
Is it love if it is conditional?
Walking away from a best friend over an ex
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) has been weird about birth control and I don’t know what to think
Walking away from a best friend over an ex
What is wrong with me (24f) that no man ever seems to show any interest in me?
Advice
My Boyfriend (M22) and I (F22) Fought and the Police Were Called
There’s a 3 day event that we (17F) (17M) are going to in 2 weeks. What should I do?
I [M/20] love my girlfriend [F/20], but I feel like I need to move on
I (22/f) I asked my bf (22/m) to go for a drink this weekend and he complained about money but he is happy about going with others
How do I [27 F] let women know I'm new to dating women?
How do I [26F] let women know I'm new to dating women?
Should my brother leave his wife
My brother wants to leave his wife
How to stop being so clingy?
My [20M] close friend [20F] best friend [20F] confuses me with her relationship ideals.
Should i go on or stop?
Me (18M) having trouble with new insecurity causing me to have obsessive behaviors
Should I give up on this girl?
Am I expecting to much to soon?
Pretending to be in relationship
Should I end the friendship?
Just a thought/idea (24f and 25f)
Anniversary in Toronto
I’ve been with my (20F) husband (21M) for 10 years and I think it’s time to leave.
My girlfriend’s dream is far from mine
Should I end the friendship?
Walking away from a best friend over an ex
Just a thought
How to break it off in the best/nicest way?
Should I give my ex another chance?
I (27m) am not sure if (28f) is stringing me along or undecided.
How to break up with someone in the best/nicest way?
Should I end the friendship?
What is the best/nicest way to break up with someone?
What am I missing here!!
What is the best/nicest way to break up with someone?
21 [M] I need your help
Is that fair?
Boyfriend wants to play video games all the time.
Nervous about my boyfriend going to strip clubs and getting a stripper for his best friend’s bachelor party
My (M23) girlfriend is 23 years old and won’t get her drivers license
I don't get it (mild rant)
How to be okay with my boyfriend going to a bunch of strip clubs and having a stripper for his best friend’s bachelor party
Friend?
Am I expecting to much?
21 [M] I need help
How do I get over the fact that my bf (24M) has had sex with a 15 y/o girl when he was 21y/o
My (24F) boyfriend (36M) of 9 months just got fired for theft
21 [M] I need help
I’m (27 F) on methadone and I have a heroin-addicted boyfriend (M 27) but I don’t know what to do
My girlfriend [17], and myself [17], got into a fight this weekend and she felt suicidal
Guys (and girls of course) I need help
I asked my bf (22/m) to go for a drink for a couple hours and he complained to me but he is fine to go with other people
My (24F) boyfriend (36M) of 9 months just got fired for theft
UPDATE: My (M23) 23 year old girlfriend won’t get her driver’s license
My [M18] ex-girlfriend [F18] thinks I want to hurt her. I'm assuming I should cut contact? Looking for theories too.
Am I (20F) wrong for being antagonistic of my best friend’s (18F) relationship?
How soon is too soon to date again?
Friendzoned in a relationship
The love of my life wants nothing to do with me
There’s a 3 day event that we (17F) (17M) are going to in 2 weeks. What should I do?
Started (F 26) dating a medical school class mate (M 27). When to stop hiding relationship
Ex (25M) refuses to return my (21F) belongings, how do I go about this?
My [20M] close friend [20F] best friend [20F] confuses me with her relationship ideals
Anxiety is Ruining my relationship
What to do about a friend that invites herself to everything
Boyfriend not satisfied with sex.
This weekend my girlfriend [17] and myself [17] got into a little fight and she told me she felt suicidal
Do you have to have that "spark" at the beginning of a relationship?
My wife(F50) and I (M52) are getting a divorce. Should I tell my children the reason?
My(28M) girlfriend(23F) is upset, once I revealed I slept with hookers in past before our relationship started
What to do about a friend that invites herself everywhere
Is my (48F) manager just being friendly towards me (24F) or do you think she likes me?
Me (F20) Living with BF's (M20) family over the summer
I (F20) told my boyfriend (M21) that I moan during sex just for him. Now he feels upset.
Invited my Gran (85F) who my Mom (50F) hates to my family farewell dinner. My mom is now refusing to come and saying that I have no loyalty.
Help!!
30M Questioning How Much Work A Relationship Should Take, and How Much I Should Take
In Need of Opinions
Fifth Anniversary in Toronto
My Finance(24F) and I(24M) have different views on me skydiving and the anxiety is causes her, and we are making no progress.
I'm (22M) worried that my friends (22M) being abused
My girlfriend [17], and me [17] got into a little spat this weekend and suicidal thoughts came up
How to forgive myself [25m] and move on from mistakes that happened years ago.
My wife and I are getting a divorce. Should I tell my children the reason?
I (19F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) because I found out he was using Tinder. Was this too harsh of me?
How long before I (f19) meet his (m19) friends?
How should I interpret these mixed signals
My(28M) girlfriend (23F) is upset, after I revealed I slept with hookers in past before our relationship started.
33F I am resentful towards parents for shitty childhood
My [26F] "friend" [24F] will undermine me in front of others, but then act totally normal when we're alone
My [26F] "friend" [24F] will undermine me, but then try to act totally normal
Loosing frenemies
Help!!
What was your most toxic relationship like?
Gf won’t let me see tweets
My best friend [25F] likes me [26M] but why am I so uncertain
I(29f) don't know how to feel about boyfriend's (31m) friendship with ex
Gf won’t let me see tweets
My best friend [25F] likes me [26M] but why am I so uncertain
I (22f) don’t know what to do about my mentally unstable dad. Help
I (22f) have no idea what to do about my mentally unstable Dad. Help
My Mom might be cheating on my father
I'm not really dating this guy (28M) but broke his own TV in the middle of one argument, is this a red flag?
My (30y M) relationship with my girlfriend (30y F) has become a nightmare and I don't know how to get out
Extremely paranoid about my friend (22F) new boyfriend (25M)
Is it too much to ask for in a relationship
I’m [28F] not sure if my boyfriend [28M] or his female friend [29F] is lying about them sleeping together in the past. I don’t know who to believe?
I’m [F18] worried about telling my parents of my relationship w [M30]
My best friend (25F) told me she likes me (26M), why am I so uncertain?
Why do I [16F] feel so insecure and anxious in my relationship and what should I do about it?
I [25 M] and she [24 F] proposed me to love to her.
He doesn’t text for days. Time to move on?
When my girlfriend(18-female) and I(17-male) are hanging out with groups of friends I start to be rude to her because I feel less than in a group of people. Any tips on what I can do to overcome my anxiety around people? (dating for a year and a half)
I think I was asked into a threesome by my married colleague?
I think I was asked for a threesome by my colleague?
What is the difference between "bringing up the past" vs. "recognizing a pattern of behavior"?
I [22F] cheated on my bf [20M] for money
I, F(18) started having panic attacks during sex with my boyfriend of 6 months, M (17)
I don't know if I should be with my partner because I don't know if it's real love
I [25 M] and she [24 F] proposed me to love with her
My [21F] boyfriend [22m] is going on spring break with his friends and I can’t stop feeling sad about it
When my girlfriend(18-female) and I(17-male) are hanging out with groups of friends I start to be rude to her because I feel less than in a group of people. Any tips on what I can do to overcome my anxiety around people? Read below(dating for a year and a half)
Girlfriend didn’t tell me she got with a guy previously that she’s been hanging out with recently??
Why doesn't my boyfriend smile in pics with me?
I need advice on how to handle not being able to spend much time with my boyfriend due to multiple circumstances
Why doesn't my boyfriend smile in pics with me?
Girlfriend didn’t tell me she got with a guy before us that she’s been hanging out with???
I (28M) have only ever been with one woman (28W) in my life and the thought of never being able to experience another woman scares me.
Need advice as I don’t spend much time with my boyfriend due to multiple circumstances
Love
Why does my boyfriend not smile in pics with me?
Test
"Dating" but not "relationship" post breakup loneliness
I'm sickeningly worried I don't love my partner.
Suspicious of gf
Mind game -- The best sob story wins! If your problems are more stressful than someone else's, you deserve to be "Queen for a Day!"
I (28M) have only ever been with one woman (28W) and it scares me that I’ll never get to experience others.
She didnt cheat but it sure as hell feels like it
Suspicious of gf
Help! Are we just friends, casual, or more???
My [21F] boyfriend [22M] is going on spring break with his friends and I can’t stop feeling sad and jealous
My [21M] Girlfriend [20F] is going on Holiday with another guy.
I [M21] finally received a blowjob/handjob from girlfriend [F20] after 8 months. Is this normal?
My girlfriend is going on Holiday with another guy.
Thinking About Hooking up with my Ex-Boyfriend
my(21) last ex(19) set the bar realy high and i lose interest in new girls realy fast..
My mom doesnt understand she's divorced
Monogamous fell in love Non-monogamous girl
I [M21] just started receiving blowjobs and hand jobs from my girlfriend [F20] after 8 months. Is this odd?
My 34F friend constantly pretends to know about or watch things I 34F know she doesn’t.
Should I [30 M] reach out to my ex [30 F] from 7 years ago?
I finally got my bf [27] to admit about our sexual r/s
Should I (19M) get again in contact with my former best friend (18F)?
I (19m) just broke up with my girlfriend (19f) but I am her whole world
I, F(18) started having panic attacks during sex with my boyfriend of 6 months, M(17)
I(f26) feel like I'm cheating on my husband(m24) with a good friend(m23)
my(18) boyfriend(22) only follows girls and i don’t know what to do
My [M24] girlfriend [F24] doesn’t like any of my boys
I (27M) involved in a toxic relationship with GF (45F).
33/F I am resentful towards parents for bad childhood
My (25M) friend and I (24M) have a ton in common. We have similar hobbies, play much the same games, and have similar senses of humor. But hanging out is really painful, and we don't connect. If I can't connect with him, can I connect with anyone?
my boyfriend has a finsta and constantly follows and likes other girls posts
Am I being silly/paranoid? Is it normal for a guy [24M] who’s graduated college to want friendship with a girl [21F] who’s still in college? Is there a maturity gap?
Are we both wrong? Chasing empathy...
I (26m) work with my father (55m) and I can't take it anymore.
hi
My (33M) best friend (36F) drunkenly ripped me apart on Valentine's Day
I (26m) work with my (55m) dad and it has destroyed our father/son relationship.
I (19f) love my boyfriend (21m), but I feel like I’m at my wits end.
my bf in a LDR had dinner with his ex coworker on Valentine's Day
I (27M) feel like my relationship with GF (45 F) is getting toxic. (Kinda LDR)
I (25 gay M) decided to distant myself from my straight friend (29 M) because I am too much in love with him it hurts
Resentful towards parents for bad childhood
My boyfriend [34M] of 1 year does not like the concept of marriage. I [29F] would like to get married, but am unsure how important it is to me. How do I decide if it's a deal breaker?
Are we both wrong? Chasing empathy...
Everyone tell me my crush loves me back, but she haven't told me that she love me. What should i do in this situation?
I (25F) feel like I can't exchange ideas or topics of interest with my bf (31M)
How to resolve moving out issues with friend/roommate?
Happiness over Bf
Happiness over my Bf
What does she (17F) mean? What should I (17M) do?
I'm not really dating this guy (28M) but he broke his own TV in the middle of an argument, is that a red flag?
(26f) I just found out so much about my (30m) boyfriend I don't even know how to confront him or what to say. At a loss for words
Should I reach out to my old friend or would it be a bad idea?
[19/f] My boyfriend's family got into an argument with me over my religious views. Was i in the wrong?
How do I [23F] cope with a shitty presentation group [20s M+F]?
My (33M) wife (33F) keeps on telling me that the source of all our problems are me not having processed a traumatic knowledge and not communicating enough
SO thinks I’m fucking my stepdad
My BF (25M) is a coward and hided behind me in a tense situation
(26f) I am at a loss for words of everything I found out about my (30m) boyfriend. Not sure how to confront him or what is worth bringing up
My (24m) gf (23f)'s sister makes comments about our lifestyle
How do I make myself look less boring?
Happiness over my Bf
My BF (25M) is a coward and hided behind me in a tense situation
I, F(18) started having panic attacks during sex with my boyfriend, M(17)
Boyfriend (39) of few months tells me (33) he is married.
SO has a problem with my relationship with my stepdad
Im (20 M) starting to like this girl (18 F) . Does it sound like she likes me too? How do I start flirting more and ask her out?
Breaking up with boyfriend to get more experience dating?
How do I [26F] tell my boyfriend [30M] of four years that his gifts are no good?
My girlfriend frustrates me (M22 and F22)
My landlord (60sF) is coming to my unit tomorrow and I’m (32F) embarrassed at the state of my apartment. I’m not sure if I should be?
(26f) Not sure how to confront (30m) boyfriend over recent lies I found out a week ago, which is ALOT.
Stepkids stepdad is being weird
Last night I had some issues with my boyfriend
Girlfriend upset I looked at Instagram model picture
My girlfriend is frustrating me (M and F 22)
My stepkids stepdad is being weird
Should I break up with my bf to get more experience?
(31f) struggling to cope after finding out about assault allegations by my mom against my dad during a custody battle
Boyfriend (m26) wants an open relationship and I (f22) do not
Last night I (F18) had some issues with my boyfriend (M18)
How to recover from a big argument with SO (23M)
Last night I (F18) had some issues with my boyfriend (M18)
These n*ggas preying on my booty walls
How to make myself look less boring?
for the guys
How to recover from a big argument with SO (23M)
Advice needed
Boyfriend (m26) wants an open relationship and I (f22) dont
my bf in a LDR had a dinner with his ex-coworker
My (24m) gf (23f)'s brother makes comments about our lifestyle
These n*ggas preying on my booty walls
My [28 F] Girlfriend [28 F] Cheated on Me
Was I [30F] right to say my brother [29M] turned out the way he did because of my mom [50F]?
9 months pregnant and just found out the whole truth (I think) about my boyfriend (30) At a loss for words and don't know how to confront him or what to even say
Boyfriend doesn’t want future kids to look like me cause I’m mixed race
Another fight with boyfriend (26 M), not surprised but worried for my (19 F) future
Secret relationship she's in (26F) or am I (28M) overthinking?
questions for guys
My boyfriend (22) is depressed and can’t orgasm during sex and I feel horribly inadequate even though he says it has nothing to do with me. How
I (20M) am interested in a girl (20F) who either seems to be playing hard to get or is just not interested
Relationships
I (20M) am interested in a girl (20F) who either seems to be playing hard to get or is just not interested
Boyfriend doesn’t want our future kids to look like me cause I’m mixed race
9 months pregnant (26) and found out the whole truth about my boyfriend (30) at such a loss for words I am not sure how to confront him
Me [28 F] discovered my girlfriend [28 F ] cheated last weekend.
I [29 M] am thinking of breaking up with my girlfriend [29 F] after she cheated on me, we've known each other since high school.
How do I know if a girl is playing hard to get over text and when to give up?
How to recover from a big argument with SO?
Boyfriend doesn’t want future kids to look like me because I’m mixed race
how do i deal with my bf having a “one that got away”?
Dealing with moving, renovations and corona virus
9 months pregnant and barely found out the whole truth about my boyfriend
Going through a move with fiancee (33F) while worrying about corona
How do I tell my mom I lost my virginity
Going through tough times plus corona virus
My girlfriend [22/F] just found out a terrible secret that I've [23/M] been keeping from her for nearly three years.
guys : what makes you like a girl, signs you show when you like a girl, and how long does it take for you to like someone?
My [23] F Fiance has me [25] M feeling kind of baffled and upset
How do I tell my mom I lost my virginity?
My girlfriend [22/F] just found out a terrible secret that I've [23/M] been keeping from her for nearly three years.
I [29 M] am thinking of breaking up with my wife [29 F] after I caught her cheating on me, we have known each other since high school.
I (29/F) am getting married in a few months and I just realized that I’m not over my ex (36/M) from five years ago.
My girlfriend (F19) of 2 years broke up with me (M19) and now she wants to get back together. I'm completely broken, and I don't know if I can try again without feeling unsafe. Am I overreacting?
Should I (23F) forgive my BF (26M) of six months? Or is this a red flag?
My (33M) best friend (36F) drunkenly ripped me apart on Valentine's Day
(UPDATE) What does it mean when someone changes what they've always called you? (25M) and (25M)
guys: signs you show/ things you do when you like a girl, how long does it take for you to like her, and what makes you like/notice a girl?
I'm (30F) very disappointed with my bf (32M) as a result of V-Day and am unsure if it's a sign that we're not meant to be
Me [20 M] got rejected by my crush[20F] of 3 years.
I (28f) am having a wonderful time with guy (24m) but am scared of the transition from having fun and spending time together to vulnerable relationship
(UPDATE) What does it mean when someone changes what they've always called you? (25M) and (25M)
My sister thinks I think she's pathetic.
My BF's Sister asked him if he likes her more than me
(UPDATE) What does it mean when someone changes what they've always called you?
I (28f) am having a wonderful time with guy (24m) but am scared of the transition to being two people that are hanging out and having fun to a vulnerable relationship
I (20F) feel that my girlfriend (20F) treats me poorly when she's sick or stressed
New roommate/friend(26M) of mine(25M) has some (imo) red flags with his new girlfriend (20s?) Am I just being unreasonable here?
I (29/F) am getting married in a few months and I just realized that I’m not over my ex (36/M) from five years ago.
bf in a ldr had a dinner with his ex coworker
My (20F) Girlfriend (20F) treats me poorly when she's stressed or sick
(UPDATE) What does it mean when someone changes what they've always called you
My girlfriend (F19) broke up with me (M19) and now she wants to get back together. I'm completely broken, and I don't know if I can try again without feeling unsafe. Am I overreacting?
My (27f) bf (28m) says is afraid of the future in general
I (28F) just blocked my brother (26M) on everything after telling him that I don't want any relationship with him - feeling incredibly guilty and hurt
BF's Sis asked if she was his "Favorite Person" (compared to me)
It's been 2 years. I moved to the other side of the world, but I still feel angry.
The guy (27/ M) I'm (26/F) seeing just told me he has a child and I'm not sure how to handle it?
My (26m) girlfriend (25f) has a relationship with another guy that makes me uncomfortable
I (21F) don't know how to navigate new relationships with trauma from my past.
My [27F] husband [27M] "talks" to other men in our open relationship without telling me
How do I (19) stop feeling hurt because of my boyfriend (M21)
desperate because I am pathetic and have a crush on someone who is probably out of my league
How do I actually get over a rejection and whats the best way to deal with it?
I think I (27M) might be at the start of my first real relationship and I am so scared it’s gonna fall apart. I have no experience with relationships at all, can y’all help me feel more confident?
My (26M) girlfriend (24F) has a male friend who seems to have propositioned her for sex. She declined but they talk sometimes and see each other when visits her home country (Czech). I dont know how to talk to her about it.
Did I cheat? Am I in the wrong?
kind of desperate because i am pathetic and get crushes too easily
My fiancé doesn’t give good gifts.
(long distance) is anybody in love with somebody they can't have?
I [33 nb] need help gelp telling my friend [31 F] of 3 years shes making a mistake
It's been 2 years. I moved to the other side of the world, but I still feel angry.
Did I cheat? Is what I did unforgivable?
Girlfriend (24f) laughs when I (27m) get hurt
To Love or Love Not? Me (F31) and Him (M32)
My [29F] best friend [28F] has been behaving erratically and I think she’s lying to her doctor about it to avoid treatment.
Did I get stood up/how do I handle this?
My boyfriend (19M) studies alone with another girl and it makes me feel uncomfortable and sad
My [F36] boyfriend [34M] doesn’t want to get married
I'm (24M) feeling like I'm doing my girlfriend (23F) wrong by taking "me" time
I feel like my "boyfriend" (18M) doesn't care about me (17M)
My boyfriend (19M) is studying alone with another girl and it makes me very uncomfortable
How do I get people to mind their own business and stop telling me their opinions on my private affairs.
How to deal with conspiracy theory friend?
How do you get people to stop complaining about your private affairs?
My (26f) sister (35f) wants me to help convince her daughter (9f) to study harder for school, but I hated school as a child. What do I do?
My girlfriend is clinically depressed and it’s starting to weigh heavily on me.
Breaking up with mentally Ill girlfriend [20F]
I (24F) broke up with a major narcissist (25M) when I found out he cheated on me. What do I do now?
Broke up with mentally Ill girlfriend [20F], not sure what to do now
I'm married, fell in love with someone else...and lost her :(
My boyfriend [30M] can’t hold a job but will be homeless if I [28F]dump him
I wasn't too long on this reddit, but I am frightened how many people are afraid of leaving an abusive relation ship.
My [25M] ex [26F] still friends with one of my male friends
I [28F] am looking to break up with my live-in boyfriend [30M]. Where do I go?
My [25M] ex [26F] stayed friends with one of my male friends after we broke up
It's been 8 months since he (26m) broke up with me (27f) but I still love him
I'm married, fell in love with someone else...and lost her :(
Why do people gravitate towards the “bad girl” or “bad guy” in relationships, or friendships?
I'm so angry right now.
PRO TIP: Dont get into relationship unless...
My (22f) bf (23m) called my parents “backwards cunts”
[22 M and F] GF wants to go to spring break week with cheating girlfriends
I [23M] think i want to break up with my partner [25F]
What are the top 3 traits you look for in a partner?
Think i want to end it with my [23M] GF [25F]
I (18M) can't get over my ex
What are the top 3 traits a partner must have towards you?
Boyfriend (34m) proposed and I (29f) feel nothing
How to deal with conspiracy theory friend?
Me [22F] with my boyfriend [23M] of 2 years - starting to feel like I am putting all the effort in, and am being taken for granted
ultimately how do you know who you like?
Can't get over my boyfriend lying to me about FWB co-worker. Need advice
I know I'm being a bit of a jerk here, but my loving parents are clipping my wings.
26/f Tension between friends and feeling like piggy in the middle
I [M21] don't love my girlfriend [19] after 6 months of dating
My (19F) boyfriend's (21F) roommate (23F) who I was good friends with has been acting really weird and distant to both of us lately?
I (22F) cant stop thinking about my partner's (33M) sexual past.
My (18f) SO (23m) has anger issues and it scares me
Setting boundaries with parents?
I must sound like a jerk, but my loving parents are clipping my wings.
I (22F) cant stop thinking about my boyfriends (33M) past partners.
Still can't get over my boyfriend lying to me about FWB co-worker. Need help moving past this.
My (27F) Step-Mum (45F) is leaving my Dad (73M) after 20 years of marriage. How do I console my soon-to-be single 73-year old Dad?
Is my (35m) gf’s (32f) number of past sexual partners a major problem?
My (29M) wife (26F) appears to be having an "emotional affair" with someone from work
Advice: My Step-Mum (F, 45) is leaving my Dad (M, 73) after 20 years of marriage. How the hell do I console my soon-to-be single 73-year old parent?
My Step-Mum (45) is leaving my Dad (73) after 20 years of marriage. How the hell do I console my soon-to-be single 73-year old parent?
I (29F) am unsure how to get my husband (35M) to understand issues I have. Any help?
Partners parents asking him to get another mortgage
After almost 2 months of trying to move on, she made me feel like I'm back to square one
My (M 26) mom (F 47) is having a physical relationship with a guy (M 19) much much younger. I hate my mom for that. How do I deal with it?
Incompatible or not in love? Please help :(
I (29F) don’t know how to get my husband to understand the issues we have in some areas.
When should I [31F] expect to meet someone else?
My (22f) best friend (23f) keeps going back to criminal, junkie ex
Damage of 1 sided stories
boyfriend (29 m) has a a frustrating attitude issue during sexual intimacy (with me, 27 f)
I (M 26) hate my mom (F 47) having physical relationship with a guy (M 19) much much younger.
I (27F) am the marketing manager of a girl (24F??) On my team who's being bullied
I 21M don’t want a relationship with my sister 18F how can not interact with her as much as possible
Worried that a friend might have BPD
I (19f) feel like a toxic Person and really bad about something I did
Am I overthinking this: does my boyfriend (29m) have red flags or am I (24f) over thinking
I (M 26) hate my mom (F 47) for having physical relationship with a guy (M 19) who is is much much younger.
My (30M) girlfriend (20F) blames herself every time my PTSD is triggered and it makes coping with trauma so much worse.....
The Damage of one sided stories
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) had condoms I didn't know about
My (male 20) gf (female 19) received flowers on valentines day from unknown coworker.
Social guest stole my medication from GF's kitchen, Am I overthinking for being upset and disappointed?
I (26M) am worried my GF (27F) and best friend (27M) don't get along.
BF (29) wants me (28F) to give up my cat
My (20m) gf (20f) had a bad fight about flowers she received from a co-worker
Social guest came to my GF's(32F) home and stole my medication from the cabinet, now I'm(32M) pissed and disappointed
The person I have been hooking up with thinks he is taking advantage of me
Who is the abusive one here?
hi my crush never responds to me when my friends tell him what i feel help me please
Hopeless, angry and sad.
(M22)y G(f21) keeps having dreams of another guy
Should I [27f] accept my friend's boyfriend? [28f & 27m]
Mindset
Emotional affairs – request for stories
My (29f) emotional state is effecting my fiance (32m), need advice for self-care day?
I (26M) am worried that my GF (27F) and best friend (27M) don't get along.
Do I try to accept my friend's partner?
How to deal with envy from people closest to you?
M[30]husband will not change status f[33]wife worries
Indian Husband does not share status with rest of the family
[M]y22 g(f21) keeps having dreams of another man
My boyfriend told me he loved me today
boyfriend (29 m) has very frustrating attitude during sexual intimacy (with me, 27 f)
Declined in mental health and relationship (21f,21m)
My (F19) ex boyfriend (M19)’s minor past still affects me
What to do when your family no longer feels like family?
My bf of two years (21M) keeps persuading me (20F) to have anal with him even though I don't want to
My ex boyfriend’s minor past still affects me
I'm an 18(F) with a 20(M) for 5 months now, and I'm suddenly finding it hard to show affection.
I'm an 18(F) with a 20(M) for 5 months now, and I'm suddenly finding it hard to show affection.
I [M21] don't love my girlfriend [19] after 6 months of dating
My (21F) SAHM (50F) spends all day working on my (16M) Year 12 brother's homework/assignments- how wrong is this?
I don't know what's wrong with me
Thoughts on trust, reliability and commitment? (M22) (F25)
From someone who can relate, please give me motivation to push on..
Not really looking to meet or get serious, just looking for support :/
I’m jealous of my ex’s gay friend and I don’t know how to feel
My (F20) BF (M21) of 1 year is calling me ungrateful for being upset over our Valentines day date. Am I overreacting?
After almost 2 months of trying to move on, I feel like I'm back to square one.
My GF slept with someone else during a break
Should I try it even though she's sorta into another guy
Ideas on what I [22 M] can do after a date with [23 F]?
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) of 6 months and I have been having issues and he slept with someone else. What do I do?
Thoughts on trust, reliability and commitment?
She is obsessed with having a kid, I am not. It's tearing us apart.
How to I stop being 'fatphobic' towards my little sisters best friend?
i'm (f26) in my mid-20s and i have a crush (m25), but clueless about how to go about it.
I [24M] am so confused right now whether she [23F] is interested in me or not. Need advice
I [24M] am so confused right now whether she [23F] is interested in me or not. Need advice
I think my (23f) boyfriend (30m) is either a narcissist, emotionally abusive, or I’m just the crazy one?
Confession Stories: The First Time Someone Asked Me Out
Confession Stories: The First Time Someone Asked Me Out
I want to breakup with my bf
How to go from Tinder 1 Night Hookup to Long Term Relationship?
too dependent and attached to my s/o, need to work on myself but i miss him terribly
I [25M] am falling in love with my best friend [24F] but she has a boyfriend.
Confused about ex fling
How to Go from Tinder 1 night Hookup to Longterm Relationship?
My GF slept with someone else during a “break”
Confused about ex-fling
Does he like me or is he just a nice person?
I think my roommate’s boyfriend might be toxic
I’m (31F) having some issues with my cousin (39F) who I thought was close to me.
I (21F) feel inferior about my girlfriend's (24F) education and position in life
Confused about staying in a relationship (22m)
Can't stop thinking about having a relationship
Moving on...
How do I stop being 'fatphobic' towards my little sister's best friend?
I think my roommate’s boyfriend might be toxic
Does he like me or is he just a genuinely nice person?
I'm 27M and she 23F, she is trying to get me to decide for marriage in 10 days of knowing. Her feelings are probably escalating & i am tormented on the inside for i can't decide. want to know if the best way to move forwards is with her or without? & to painlessly let her know if no? be thorough pls
I'm 27M and she 23F, she is trying to get me to decide for marriage in 10 days of knowing. Her feelings are probably escalating & i am tormented on the inside for i can't decide. want to know if the best way to move forwards is with her or without? & to painlessly let her know if no? be thorough pls
Will being in love be obvious?
Confused about staying in a relationship (22m)
Why she (30F) doesn't want to communicate with me (24M) after breakup.
Me [29F] with my husband [30M] together for 7y, I cheated on my husband when we were dating 4 years ago and he's still not over it
In my head
Went through my so’s phone
Do you ever got a europhic high just by the sheer thought that someone special you met exists?
Just found out old family friend (F59) gave my(F28) mum (F58) terrible advice years ago. Do I have a right to be angry about it?
You ever that someone who is so special. That the sheer thought of that him/her does exist gets you on a europhic high?
The future of a temporary relationship
MindWar
Bf and instagram (sometimes lewd) cosplayers
TLDR: girlfriend and i on break
Help
Went through my s.o’s phone
My [19F] boyfriend [19M] isn’t taking my advice on something important to his future career and it’s bothering me.
My religious dad ruined my life.
How stupid would I [23F] be to confess my feelings toward my roommate and ex-boyfriend's [23M] best friend [22M]?
My (19F) boyfriend (19M) won’t take my advice on something that can help him in the future.
Went through my s.o’s phone
How do you express love languages to your partner? I’m 27F my boyfriend is about to be 27M and we’ve been together for three years.
My (M23) GF (F22) has proposals for her (arrange marriage) and she's pissed that im not doing anything about it.
helppp
My boyfriend (18M) of over a year is close friends with a girl who I feel is me but better in most ways and might like him romantically. I’m prone to insecurity and usually I can deal with it without it causing problems but I’m having a hard time with my anxiety.
How do you express love languages to your partner? I’m 27F and he is about to be 27M and we’ve been together for three years.
Am I overreacting?
Am I in the wrong for being upset?
Valentines Day Double Whammy Surprise, maybe one of the best ever!
My boyfriend(15M) of over a year is close friends with a girl I feel is better than me in most ways and might like him romantically. I know I shouldn’t be concerned but I don’t know how to cope with my anxiety since I’m prone to insecurity- I usually handle it fine but I’m having a hard time now
Confused
I [29F] have been seeing my coworker [31M] for a couple months now and I’m beginning to get cold feet
Friend (28m) tried to cuddle with me (24f) did I do the right thing or...?
I [23 M] am developing feelings for my best friend[23 F], and they won't go away
Can a person who has seen domestic violence early on in life, have stable and long relationships?
I [29F] have been hanging out with someone [31M] for a couple months now and I’m beginning to get cold feet
Can you admit to dating someone simply for the sake of just being “with” them?
My boyfriend(18M) has a close female friend who I feel is way cooler than me and might like him romantically. I get very insecure a lot and usually I can control it but I’m very sad because I feel inferior to her in nearly every way and don’t know if my anxiety is reasonable or not
Am I in the wrong for wanting a penpal?
My (37F) husband (38M) is emotionally abusive and I cannot handle it anymore
First date today, and I absolutely blew it..
I’m (28) expected to show interest in what they like, but never the other way around.
I'm [21F] "dating" a guy [24M] long distance.. will it work out?
My (M20) girlfriend (F20) of 6 years is in the hospital.
Friend fucking up my chances with a girl
My (37F) husband (38M) is emotionally breaking me down and I don't know what to do
Am I in the wrong for wanting a pen pal?
Im stuck in my relationship
Engagement - am I being too sensitive?
I (22M) feel like the possibility of ever falling in love with a girl is dropping as time pass and I almost flipped out with my last hookup(27F)
I feel like i should break up with gf of 3 years but im not good at convincing myself
I think my (20F) brother’s (21M) partner (20F) is using him
I check my boyfriend's ex-girlfriend's social media compulsively every day. I can't stop.
How do I (26M) get my girlfriend (24F) to understand the importance of money?
Am I being too sensitive?
How do I (26M) get my girlfriend (24F) to understand the importance of money?
How tf to do long distance
A 'friend' (30F) is pretending I (34M) had an affair with her. She tried hard to convince my wife (33F) that I was an evil cheater. She seems to have convinced her boyfriend (31M) that I was after her. None of our use true and I need help dealing with the fall out.
I might be paranoid.
Am I [30/M] an abuser?
How tf to do long distance
Just need affirmation. My [25f] ex GF tells people I [31m] was the bad one in the relationship, but is currently trying to talk to me again.
Should I [20m] avoid contact with close friend [20f] who made out with me, a week later professes her love to me at the same party her boyfriend is at, and the next day tells me she feels nothing for me?
How tf to do long distance?
I [18M] slept in the same bed with my mom’s visiting friend [42F] and my mom is blowing it out of proportion
I need help please. Advice please on what to do? Am I over reacting?
Just need reaffirmation. My [25f] ex GF is trying to get back into my [31m] life after driving me to depression.
Has anyone met their "person" and ultimately had to end the relationship? If so, what happened?
I feel like I (22F) don’t know who my mom (60F) really is.
I have a crush on the neighbor(boyfriends best friend)
I [27F] met this guy [35M]; am I crazy for feeling like he’s displaying some mild red flags?
I need help please. Advice please on what to do? Am I over reacting?
Why would my ex (20M) of block me on Instagram two months after breakup?
Why would my ex (20M) block me two months after breakup on Instagram?
How do I get my boyfriend to grow up?
I have a crush on the neighbor(boyfriends close friend)
I feel really guilty (m20) (f19)
Should I [20m] avoid contact with close friend [20f] who made out with me, then professed her love for me at the same party that her boyfriend was at, and the next day told me she has no feelings for me?
My girlfriend might have fucked a dude in the back of her honda Civic. What do I do?
I [20F] no longer sleep in the same bed as my boyfriend [22M] due to snoring. Is this a problem which will cause us to drift apart?
I (25F) can't figure out why I get sad when I leave my boyfriend's (25M) place?
I think my (30sF) bf (30sM) is addicted to pills and I dont know what to do. Help?
I (M21) like my roommate (NB22) a lot but their boyfriend (M19) is super loud, in more than one way
anxiety incarnate gets dumb high school drama with 1 out of her 3 friends rip
My fiancée is in the U.S. Marines. How do I handle the distance and not being able to speak to him much?
Am I exaggerating things? Or is this a real red flag? (23 F) (26 M)
I'm (30m) not sure how I feel about my gf (25f)
Was my bf (29/m) being dismissive of my (27/f) concerns about animal cruelty?
My (M20) girlfriend (F20) of 6 years just got diagnosed with a disease that might kill her. Ive been depressed before and im starting to relapse into having suicidal thoughts. I really cannot bear the thought of loosing her.
I just want to be loved
My(25m) gf(23f) is ghosting me and I don’t know what to do
I feel really guilty (m20) (f19)
I've [25f], been dating a former client [43m] for over half a year and it's still confusing.
Problems with aspergers
30s [/F/] with my 'friend' [30s M] 8 months, really conflicted about walking away from him
My boyfriend is in the U.S. Marines. How do I handle the distance and not being able to speak to him much?
She (20f) gave me (35m) a prod again
Moved away from a girl I love and I’m afraid I made a mistake.
My (27M) girlfriend (24F) is increasingly insecure and I don't know how much more I can take. Needed to vent.
She (20f) gave me (34m) a prod
I have been in this world for over 30 years and feel I have been unable to make real, close friends. Am I the only one?
Ghosted problem
I have been in this world for over 30 years and feel I have been unable to make real, close friends. Am I the only one?
Need help please
Should I [30F] drop out of friend's [28F] wedding? Friends for 3 years
AITA for kissing another girl while being in an open relationship?
Former friend bashes me for no reason, bf is starting to second guess everything
How to handle this situation with my (20 F) roommate (21 F)
My (M20) girlfriend (F20) of 6 years just got diagnosed with a disease that might kill her and im having a hard time coping. Ive been depressed before and im starting to relapse into having suicidal thoughts again. I really cannot bear the thought of loosing her.
Moved away from a girl I love and I’m afraid I made a terrible mistake.
Codependency issues? Fear of being alone?
My mother said she’s proud of me
Codependency issues? Afraid of being alone?
I feel really guilty
Incompatible or not in love? help :(
My girlfriend will be leaving the country soon and forever
Do you think my brother’s (21) girlfriend (21) is taking advantage of him and my family?
18(M)me and my brother21(M) have a really really dogshit relationship with our christian father.(verbally/physical ab) Things have been getting worse lately because we dont want to go to church anymore because we are working more than 40 hrs a week now and want to have some more time to our selves.
I Need Help. I love her. But should I Wait?
I slept with my roommate’s friend and now she’s mad at me.
Whelp, I probably ruined another relationship
What's the insignificant thing your SO does that you appreciate the most?
My mother said she’s proud of me
I slept with my roommates friend and she’s mad at me.
My (29f) partner (31m) doesn't want to have sex.
Whelp, I probably ruined another relationship
My cousin (33f) used her son (3m) to manipulate me (38m). Feel hurt.
I (22M) have a question about Gf (21F) about ovulation and menstrual cycle.
My (29f) partner (31m) doesn't want to have sex and I'm not sure where to go from here.
He (41) indirectly called me (36) an annoying idiot
My girlfriend wears my exes sweater
My cousin (33f) used her son (3m) to manipulate me (38m). Feel hurt.
Relationship Advice
Relationship Advice
Relationship Advice
Need help please
My long-distance boyfriend (31M) of 6 months has vaguely said I "lied to him" and seems to be breaking up with me (25F) - I'm perplexed, what could it be?
Ovulation question.
Guy (25M) I (23F) hooked up with 4 months ago is now engaged, It feels like he cheated on her with me, what do I do?
Me (24M) just got into the friend-zone. Again. Need advice to what next.
I’m not going to wait but do I still have a chance?
22F dating a 22M wondering how long it took for them to know they were the one?
Did you ever get your happy ending with your “right person, wrong time”? If not, would you want to try again with them if given the opportunity?
Need help please
I have a problem with turning on and it's giving me trouble with my relatives
i'm (20F) scared of driving my boyfriend (22M) away
Should I (23F) forgive him (25M)? Or is this the start of something bad? Long distance, 6 months duration
I (F20) don’t don’t how to break this to my great ex (M20)
My [23F] Mother [45F] is angry with me that I told my grandparents [70] I got engaged to my fiance [31M] since she had to go over there for dinner and listen to them shit talk me.
Halfway through driving cross country after finding out my (F21) boyfriend (M25) has been cheating the whole time. Feeling free again.
22F wondering how long it took for you to know someone was the one and how you knew?
Women, what are some things you enjoy that men do in bed? (24M Virgin)
Me (19M) and my girlfriend (19F) decided to split for a while and come back once things are really ready. Any advice?
Women of Reddit, what are some things you like in the bedroom? (24M Virgin)
I'm afraid I (20s) or my bf (20s) may be toxic
Me (19M) and my Girlfriend (19F) decided to give each other some time off (a break) to our distant relationship
My [23 F] partner [23 M] is autistic and has friends who encourage that autism is an excuse for negative behavior.
never been in a rs and never wanna be in one
I don't know what to do about my irresponsible bf
Men of Reddit with mothers they love - advice for the mother of a son
I [F26] am breaking up with a close friend [28F] from my job
My (29F) married roomates (32F) & (37M) are apparently looking to foster or adopt a child
My boyfriend (26M) is telling me that I don't put effort in fixing our relationship. He is just preparing himself to leave when he is ready. We haven't been genuinely okay since December. It boils down to me being at fault. What are ways to make it up to him?
I'm [30M] about to be done with my exfiancee [27F] for good. Why am I just now getting pummeled with regret and lonely feelings?
My boyfriend bought from his dealer tonight after complaining about being broke .
I (33, GQ) want to share this story about my (31, F) friend to remind everyone to communicate, communicate, communicate!
Boyfriend said if I gain any more weight he won’t be attracted to me anymore
Men of Reddit with mothers they love - advice for the mother of a son
Should I 32,M tell my dad's GF 32,F, that he's failing his emotional and financial responsibilities towards his children including my GF?
6s6d6
Should I(32,M) tell my 32,F GF's dad that he's making terrible financial decisions?
(21M) broke up with a girl (19F) recently and I'm having trouble getting over it
I [M13] miss my sister [F19] who moved away for college
Am I overthinking or is it time to move on?
COLLEGE RELATIONSHIPS? Here's my advice regarding Jealousy and Insecurity.
I [26F] am breaking up with a close friend [28F] from my job
Dealing with family you have nothing I'm common with. Tough family life
I (24F) am worried about some behaviors I've noticed about my new boyfriend (20M)
I [14M] like this girl [14F] and she likes me back but I'm scared of a relationship because there is something extremely wrong with me.
How do I convince my friend she won’t hurt me
Men of Reddit with mothers they love - advice for the mother of a son
Meet and Greet
Meet and Greet
My boyfriend acts like a 12 year old boy every time I fart.
Cant we get a second chance ?
How do I[22M] know if I was more attached to the relationship or to her[23F]?
I don't know how to make friends
Asking advice from married men
girlfriend of 6 months [30F] keeps making me [32M] feel kind of like an afterthought in minor ways. I want to be more easy going but I cant help that it bothers me. How should I deal with this?
How to know if I [M22] was more attached to the relationship then to the person[F22]?
How’d your Valentine’s Day go?
I am losing control over my emotions.
Friend zoned or victim to a headcase
My (32M) parents (78M, 68F) won’t stop arguing with me about politics no matter what I do.
I am losing control over my emotions.
Why would my ex block me on Instagram two months after the breakup?
Why would my ex (20M) block me on Instagram two months later?
Is there a point that reassurance becomes harmful?
I think my girl cheating
He (late 20’sM) won’t tell his baby mother about me (late 20’sF). We dated for 4 years, broke up, he got a one night stand pregnant, and now we’re dating again.
Call my ex because it's funny
My boyfriend just added facebook of a girl, who is not his friend and they rarely meet, but just train at the same gym. (I also train with him so I know). Should I be concerned? Do you think that he just merely wants to network? I love to hear all the possibilities that might happen from you guys.
M19 Never had a GF
Crush/friend started ignoring for no reason and I don’t know what to do
Male age 22 Female Age 23
HELP (PORN RELATED)
M19 Never Had a GF
I (M23) can't get over my ex girlfriend (F21)
Am I (29F) overreacting to my partners (42M) wish to see my text messages given my abusive past?
Crush/friend started ignoring me and don’t know what to do
Is it unreasonable for me to want to slightly avoid a friend that I hooked up with months ago and then rejected me?
Why would my ex (20M) block me on Instagram two months later? We were together for almost two years and he is not seeing anyone new.
Is it unreasonable for me to want to slightly avoid a friend that I hooked up with months ago and then rejected me?
Need help with a choice and my partner
Debating if I [23/f] should stay or go while my SO [23/m] works out his mental health problems...
Why would my ex block me on Instagram two months later?
Is it possible to get back with my[16F] bf[17M]?
Relationships After Abuse
Relacionamento sério vs Amigos
Crush/friend started ignoring me and don’t know what to do
My best friend [23f of 5 years] is going through a hard time, I'm [24f] trying to be understanding but she's treating me so poorly, and I've already asked her to be my maid of honor... what do I do?
Do you think my boss fancies me or just being friendly?
M(28), hooking up with women I don't even like and can't find a relationship
Should I continue dating them if they’re seeing some else?
M(28), hooking up with women I don't even like, and can't find a relationship
Am I (29F) overreacting to my partners (42M) demand to see my phone given my abusive past?
BF Kept Information From Me and I Found Out About It
My ( M30) fiance (F25) isn't keen on some religious practices
Should I end it, or give them another chance?
How to deal maturely, best options going forward
A VERY SIMPLE SOLUTION TO TEENAGE PREGNANCY
Should I continue dating them if they’re seeing someone else?
Bf won’t help pay for contraceptives, says it’s “my thing”
Incapable of being ‘close’ to people
Afraid of Commitment
LDR and Missing SO
[UPDATE] Ex showed up at my house yesterday and now I've received a long-winded explanation from him.
LDR and Missing Your SO
I [23F] feel guilt from cheating on boyfriend [24M].
Bf changed his mind from being accepting of an open relationship to only being monogamous, how should I handle this?(LDR)
Where to draw the line while in a relationship
Ex-Girlfriend(18F) is extremely depressed and I'm(18M) not sure what to do.
why am I unable to be ‘close’ to my friends
Need some clarity on my (26f) and my ex (23m) breakup.
Suck at ending relationships
Anyone else struggle with anxiety?
My girlfriend confessed to me that she performed incest relations with her brother while she was growing up.
I found out my "friend with benefits" has a boyfriend and now I'm stuck, should I still tell her boyfriend?
Boyfriend (23m) never initiates sex
My partner (19)M and I (18)F love eachother very much but I feel unhappy.
Me [31M] with my (ex-) GF [25F] of 4 months -- she called me a cheat and a liar because I don't do much in the evenings.
Just cut off someone I really liked
I'm being irrationally jealous
I [19M] am having a lot of trouble trusting my girlfriend [19] for no reason at all.
I cant end relationships
I'm being irrationally jealous
I [35M] cannot get over my ex [28F] a year after our breakup.
My (19F) relationship anxiety is so bad and I feel like I should break up with my girlfriend (20F)
My (F34) boyfriend’s (M44) wealth is making me uncomfortable
My (M23) girlfriend is 23 years old and won't get her driver's license
My life long childhood friends boyfriend wouldn't stop touching me
Struggle with ending relationships
Age gap
What difficulties do rape victims face when it comes to relationships/love?
Age Gap
My (34F) boyfriend’s (44M) wealth is making me uncomfortable
My girlfriend confessed to me that she performed incest relations with her brother while she was growing up.
How many "talking stages" can one really take? (M23)
I NEED TO BREAK UP BUT HOW?!
I’d like help in figuring out a few things in my (22M) relationship with my (21F) GF
My husband rejected my anniversary gift
How Do I Move On?
I (25F) am very torn about staying with my boyfriend (33M) and while the thought of ending things kills me, it may be the correct path?
Should I [Lesbian 28F] stop a friendship with my friend [Lesbian 32F] because I don’t understand why she doesn’t want me as a partner?
bad at being casual and not overthinking
Should I [Lesbian 28F] stop a friendship with my friend [Lesbian 32F] because I don’t understand why she doesn’t want me as a partner?
Accidentally hurt my best friend and crush, now she feels like she can't trust me again.
My fiance(29F) and I (35m) have always dated women together. Should we continue when married?
My (22f) close friend (24f) forgot she told me a pretty big secret
Girlfriend moving to California
My (26F) BF (27M) is going to leave me because of my severe body issues and due to the fact he’s never even seen me naked.
when you've been rejected by every girl you've ever come across all your life, how do you maintain a positive mindset without becoming frustrated, sad and resentful?
Girlfriend moving to California from Missouri
My fiance(29F) and I (35m) have always dated women together. Should we continue when married?
I don't know if my(20s) relationship with my bf (20s) is unhealthy or not and whose fault it is.
My (22f) close friend (24f) forgot a big secret she told me.
My [27M] step-father [48M] is apparently running away from my mother's [45F] home to do crystal meth.
My husband openly criticized my gift to him
I despise my mother and feel extremely guilty about it, what to do?
My (22f) (ex)boyfriend (24) of 3 years had creepshots of his son's mother's sister on his phone. I just found out she was not an adult and I need rational, external confirmation that I should tell the mother.
I despise my mother but don't know what to do about it
I want to fuck my friend but keep it plotonical. (18 female 23 male)
I treat my mom like shit then feel extremely guilty about it
when you've been rejected by every girl all your life, how do you develop a positive mindset without becoming frustrated and resentful?
Any other guys out there feel like they are not allowed to be upset with their girlfriends?
I 21M don’t want a relationship with my sister 18F how can I avoid her?
Any other guys out there feel like they are not allowed to be upset with their girlfriends?
I want to have sex with a friend in a plotonical way. How do I approach this?
Conflicted - My (28/m) girlfriend's (25/F) bad attitude and irresponsibility is making me question if I want it to continue a relationship with her.
Found out on our 1 year anniversary my boyfriend was talking to other girls
I think iwant to have sex with one of my friends but platonically. This would be a one time thing. How do I bring it up without it getting awkward?
My boyfriend of a month broke up with me today and I’m still not understanding why?
I [26F] am realizing that my friend [30M] probably has feelings for me, but I'm interested in his housemate [28M]. We're all going on vacation together.
Wife Overspends on Shopping - Blames Mental Health
Is my [16F] boyfriend’s [19M] closeness to his friend [19F] strange?
Wife keeps overspending - blames mental health - need advice
Is my [16F] boyfriend’s [19M] closeness to his friend [19F]strange?
My relationship is good, but sometimes I feel ashamed about some past stuff
Just cut off someone I really liked
Me [31 M] with my GF [25 F] of 4 months -- she accused me of being a liar and a cheat because I don't do much in the evenings.
Should I (35F) stay with in a relationship that’s seemingly fizzing out?
I had my body stolen and unwillingly had a kid that isn’t mine?
Unsupportive Boyfriend - Violent parent
Do I (19F) have feelings for him (18M) or am I so desperate for male attention and romance that I'm just projecting those desires onto the first guy who'll bother to talk to me?
Should I stay in a relationship that’s seemingly fizzing out?
Should I stay in a relationship that’s seemingly fizzing out?
Not feeling right about a convo I [28F] with my BF [26M/F] is 9 months, is this cheating.
I feel alone
Is my family right about my girlfriend?
Insecurites
My partner [F20] is stuck in an emotional black hole and I [M20] dont know what to do.
My girlfriend [M20] is stuck in an emotional black hole and I [M20] dont know what to do.
Am I (21 F) falling out of love or is it my hormones?
Are elevator shoes my [24 M] best chance at dating?
What to do? Engaged and not to confident
Go easy on me, please.
How to be less touchy?
My (19F) relationship anxiety is so bad and I feel like I should break up with my girlfriend (20F)
If what you wanted more than anything was destroying you from the inside out would you stay?
What's your/known separation success stories?
could we possibly get back together ?
I [21M] recently told a very close friend of mine and apartment-mate(...) [22F] that I have feelings for her and am now coming to terms with rejection. Advice on how to cope?
Insecurity
Entered a trial separation, anyone have any success stories or advice?
Unmotivated boyfriend
Me (20 F) went on 2 dates with (23 M) from bumble. It was going really good...until it suddenly wasn’t.
Making it work abroad
Looking for a success story and advice
(28M) here (28F) How have people dealt with unfaithfulness in the past? Both those who have been cheated on but also those who did the cheating?
How have people dealt with being unfaithful, both those who were cheated on and those who cheated?
Making things work abroad
My [25f] friend [23m] slapped my phone out during a movie we were watching. I feel like he crossed a line.
I(22M) am having trouble meeting women?
Please, go easy on me.
My (32m) wife (29f) suddenly decided to be vegan
I'm(24) chasing a girl(20) who doesn't even want me.
I don’t know anything about my friends.
Breakup after a year long relationship.
Breaukup after a year
He (41) indirectly called me (36) an annoying idiot
Have you ever decided to call a quits on dating for an extended period of time? If so what was the reason?
Me (F 20) went on two dates with (M 23). Everything was going good. Until, today it wasn’t.
My (23M) recently ex-girlfriend (22F) wanted sparks which apparently I couldn't give her, I valued comfort over anything. Does this mean we weren't compatible?
Should I risk breaking something great to chase the possibility of a more powerful love?
I think my girlfriend is cheating on me...
I (27F) am fresh out of a 3 year relationship and have started casually dating a friend (29M). How do I not get super attached immediately?
I(22M) am having trouble meeting women?
My boyfriend doesn’t post me on his social media for this reason, should I think it’s a red flag or push it off to the side?
I'm chasing a girl who doesn't even want me.
Friend (22M) has attempted suicide twice.
He’s (33M) is avoidant and I (33F) is anxious
Overlooked
Games unique to you and your SO?
Work is taking a toll on me [28F]. I spoke to my mom about it. My [57F] mom was in a car accident last month. She says if she can deal with her pain, I can get over my stress. She's now angry because I'm stressed at work.
Overlooked
He’s Dismissive (or fearful, not sure which) avoidant, I’m anxious preoccupied
Boyfriend let’s his friends talk bad about me
My [M19] girlfriend [F18] cheated on me last night and I don't know what to do.
Should I help my abusive dad this time? Am I wrong for not wanting to? What should I do?
I keep thinking about another guy while in a 2 year relationship
Brother in law is being an asshole.
Emotions
Am I in love?
Does anyone else think of having sex with someone else?
My girlfriend cheated on me and I don't know what to do.
My (27f) partner (27m) told me the only reason he let me move in six months ago was because he didn’t want to have to deal with me nagging him about it. I can’t seem to move past what he said. Should I leave?
I feel like I’m going to get played again
My [28M] girlfriend's [25F] eating disorder has returned. I have no idea how to help her and I'm really worried.
I Think My Boyfriend is Cheating With My Best Friend.
My friend (20F) is always making me (19F) feel horrible, possibly without knowing?
My(m27) mother (54-ish) wants me to be at a funeral of her friend to support her, I don't want to
I'm (32F) concerned about my ex (31M) after our breakup. Should I contact his friend (30s M) or leave it alone?
Is my family right about my girlfriend?
My(m27) mother (54-ish) wants me to be at a funeral of her friend to support her, I don't want to
My [M, 24] friend [F, 19] doesn’t want our relationship to move to the next level because of her sister[F, 18]
Was what my (F38) fiancee (M40) said unforgivable?
I (25F) just experienced my first heart break.
Guy im in a situationship with (m23) told me(f21) not to drunk text him
Am I settling or am I acting like a brat?
My boyfriend (22, M) punishes me (22, F) after small disagreements
My (19M) boyfriend (20M) just ended our two year LDR because he couldn’t come out to his friends/family
I [24M] have my first ever crush on a real person [24F], and I don't know what to do
I (18M) needs to find a way to get out of the house for therapy
Is it bad that it bothers me that my boyfriend doesn't stop raving about how hot a celebrity is that's in a movie?
I (25F) just experienced my first heart break.
My boyfriend [30M] of 2 years whom I [20F] live with accuses me of cheating daily after platonic ex friend [M] calls me
I just experienced my first heart break
My [f23] ‘friend’ [m25] of one year is driving me insane but I’m close with his friends.
What does this mean? Looking for input
My boyfriend [30M] of 2 years whom I [20F] live with accuses me of cheating daily after platonic ex friend [M] calls me
I (F38) think my fiancee (M40) said something unforgivable. What do you think?
Is she just not interested in me and doesn't want to say it?
I think I should get divorced
A great deal of pain in my heart - At the end of my tether with Stepfather (61), don't know what to do
Am I (27F) overreacting about boyfriend (25M) taking me on a date he had taken an ex previously?
Should I ask her again after she gave me an indecisive answer?
Boyfriend punishes me after small arguments
Boyfriend took me on a date to same date location that he had taken an ex
I (21M) am having trouble with girl I used to have feelings for (20F) and I don’t know how to go about it
My future in-laws freaked out and I think it could be a huge red flag
Help with feeling better about boyfriend (25M) wanting space?
I [24M] have my first ever crush on an actual person [24F], and I don't know what to do
So my boyfriend doesn’t “need” anything for his birthday...
My dad just threatened to disown me
My [23M] LTR girlfriend admitted that she has never been interested in sex, but she says things may change in the future for us?
I [27M] am planning on breaking it off with my friend with benefits [32F]
How to surprise LDR boyfriend when we reunite
What Does This Mean?
My [23M] LTR girlfriend admitted that she has never been interested in sex, but she says things may change in the future for us?
I (F38) think something my fiancee (M40) said is unforgivable. What do you think?
Moving in with lesbian roommates dilemma (23M)
I [27M] am planning on breaking it off with my friend with benefits [32F]
Heartbroken and clueless.
My [20F] boyfriend's [22M] new re-connection has raised a lot of suspicion about the nature of their relationship
Can’t stop thinking about him..
I (35M) am having a hard time dealing with my wife (32M)'s hoarding tendencies
Any ways that I can try and help my 26yo wife with her self image issues?
Wanting to start a FWB but not sure what to expect from it?
Girlfriend gets mad when I bring up things she has a double standard about and says me wanting an "equal relationship" is basically bad.
I dont know what to do in this situation
Moving in with lesbian roommates dilemma (23M)
He's taken. I wonder what could have happened if I we went a bit further.
Girlfriend gets mad when I bring up things she has a double standard about and says me wanting an "equal relationship" is basically bad.
PLEASE HELP ME OUT
Bad proposal- relationship ruined?
Me [25M] her [21] How do you end a friendship with a girl that’s your best friend but honestly you have feelings for her and need to move on?
HELP ME
I don't know what to do anymore about my relationship
My friend [20sF] told me [30sM] she would “make it up to me” am I wrong to be hopeful that this was a romantic innuendo?
HELP ME
I (18F) need to break up with my boyfriend (19M).
What is one thing your partner did that you will never forget? (Good or bad)
Can my wife change
HELP
My boyfriend (M23) doesn't prefer my (F21) body type
Boyfriend let’s his friends talk bad about me
HELP
I’m (27F) seeing someone new (34M). We have a lot of base hobbies, interests, and values in common, but my anxiety is causing me to question something that is clearly good for me.
Should I ask again?
Boyfriend (M23) doesn't prefer my (F21) body type
Advice would be appreciated :(
Dont know what this means
I don't know what to do anymore
Missed expectations on VDay
Article on ON BEING SINGLE
[Women] How you feel about entering a relationship with a 28yo man if he had no previous experience in romatical relationships?
I’m (27F) dating a (35M). We have a lot of base things in common, including life goals and hobbies, but the spark is slow. Has anyone else experienced something like this?
My [16F] personal problems and stress have spiraled and gotten in the way of my relationship
I F22 think I confessed my feelings to my best friend F20 but she brushed it off, said that maybe I am confused
Boyfriend doesn't prefer my body type
Me [25M] her [21] How do you end a friendship with a girl that’s your best friend but honestly you have feelings for her and need to move on?
sever vaginal pain!!!
Sex is one sided
My [16F] personal problems and stress have spiraled and gotten in the way of my relationship
Could I be leading guys on?
Confused and heartbroken.
Could I be leading guys on?
Wife [35F] with my BIL [37M] constantly fight and I am getting annoyed
Help with feeling better about boyfriend (25M) wanting space?
My [16F] personal problems are spiraling and it's impacting my relationship
My wife [35F] always gets into big arguments with her brother / my BIL [37M] and I am getting concerned
🥵🥵🥵🥵
My wife [35F] always gets into big arguments with her brother / my BIL [37M], advice needed...
I have never broken up with someone, and I need a little advice
I (21M) am having trouble with girl I used to have feelings for (20F) and I don’t know how to go about it
I (23,F) can't trust my boyfriend today (27,M)
I (21M) am having troubles with my friend (19F) and I don’t know how to go about it
My #childfree sister is pregnant
My ex wants to get back together, but I'm not sure it's what I want anymore
Boyfriend [21] wants to ‘part ways’ because he feels “dead” inside and he feels like he sometimes loves me [20] and sometimes doesn’t.
I (21 M) having issues with girl I had thing for (19 F) and I don’t know what to do next
My Drinking Problem and PTSD Amost Destryoed my Relationship
Both me (23F) and my boyfriend (32M) have depression and it’s wearing me down, help?
My [M17] friend [f17] has special needs. "Protecting" her during school is starting to become overwhelming, and I'm not sure how to get my other friends to participate. Help?
I (20F) am casually dating someone (28M) who doesn’t want to commit
Girl from the internet. Gaining her interest again [21F] [19W]
How can I [M19] stop wanting a romantic relationship?
I (20F) am casually dating someone (28M) and I don’t know if he’ll ever commit.
I (F19) Don't Think My Boyfriend's (M20) Female Friends Like Me
Suggestions for managing caregiver fatigue with a friend?
counselling is expensive and i'm broke
My ex hasn't unfriended me on FB yet, but he has on insta. Thoughts?
Am I (M26) a bad person for hating my brother?
I’ve lost respect for my parents after they continuously let my sister treat me like crap
counselling is expensive and i'm broke
[20/M] Should I wait until after college to think about relationships?
I (17M) have been really down the past few days and im not sure if its because of lack of friends that share similar interests or not.
Am I (M26) a bad person for hating my brother(M23)?
I think I should get divorced
Me [26M] and my ex [22F] toxic relationship
my fiancee looks like martha from "the americans" when she cries
Does she (20F) just want to be (20M) friends
Will being fat keep me lonely
Valentine's missed expectations
my fiancee looks like martha from "the americans" when she cries
Breaking up because BF (26M) has to move away for job while I (22F) still have school — I’m devastated & conflicted
Is he being over-dramatic or is it just me?
I [27M] yelled at my father [60M] and I feel absolutely horrible
How should I (47M) help a woman I enter a LTR with deal with my being a mother-son incest abuse survivor?
My (19M) boyfriend didn’t do anything special for our 3 year anniversary
Is she (22F) just not interested in me (22M)?
My brother has anger problems and we get into really bad fights
I think I should get divorced
So much love, so much stress.
I [19M] might be suffering from trauma due to abuse from best friend [19M]
Me 25M went out on a date 22F last night, the whole time she seemed uninterested but am I just misreading the situation?
My boyfriend told me I didn't need him after waking him up to tell him about an argument I had with my best friend
I (m25) want to be friends with someone (f25) i dated for two months but I'm not sure how to approach it
How do I [M17] break up with my girlfriend [F17], who I still really care for?
A great deal of pain in my heart - At the end of my tether with Stepfather (58), don't know what to do
My (20F) girlfriend (21F) spends a lot of time on her Discord server.
I (19M) am having some issues with a couple of girls i see regularly.
How do you break up with someone you really care for?
I [M21] feel like I'm relying too much on my girlfriend [F20] during our vacation
My (20TF) girlfriend (21F) spends a lot of time on her RP discord server
My [31M] wife [32F] doesn't share the same sexual passion for me that I have for her.
How do I (21F) deal with a self-centered/inconsiderate friend (21F)?
So much love, so much stress.
How do I (21F) deal with a self-centered/inconsiderate friend (21F)?
I [19M] might be suffering from trauma due to abuse from my best friend [19M]
Acting like a jerk instead of having the courage to break up?
How do I (28f) recover from embarrassing myself in front of a manager (40sm) at my work?
Condoms at our apartment
I [29F] am worried about my best friend [28F] and I think she is lying to her doctor.
Advice for Handling Emergencies
My (25f) boyfriend (22m) of 6 months isn't "gentlemanly"... Should I care?
My "best friend" is no longer supportive of me + I can't take her horrible manners anymore
My boyfriend (19M) and I (20F) didn’t do anything for our 3 year anniversary
AITA: Valentine's fell a little short
My (33f) altruistic and socially anxious husband (32m) won't do any adulting, like returning important calls or getting car inspected, and I'm tired if having to do it all.
I (25f) Don't want to Invite my Fiance's (26m) Friend(26m) to our Wedding.
Is she just not interested?
Being disrespectful instead of just having the courage to break up?
AITA? Valentine's day didn't quite go as expected
My (32f) ex (26 m) asked me to come back
My (33f) socially anxious husband (32m) won't do normal adulting things like, take his car to be inspected or return important phone calls, and I need advice on how to reason with it.
In a relationship but I’m having doubts
My (32f) ex (26m) asked me to come back
My ex (21M) blocked me (23F) on everything but I'm pregnant?
Is she just not interested?
Would you date a racist? I (F19) dated him M(20) for a year
What do I do when my ex (21M) got me (23F) pregnant and blocked me on everything?
Would you date a racist?
Im over the ex girl i(21) dated, but since her no other girl realy "intrests" me?
My ex came back, but I'm not sure if it's what I want anymore.
my (23F) boyfriend (23M) acts as if he’s afraid of me and never takes initiative
have you experienced this while dating online
[32M] do people think I'm creepy because I'm not married
Deciding to end things with a girl m seeing.
Supporting an aging (non-US citizen) parent (F70s) in the US
My girlfriend only told me she got with her friend before we dated because i specifically asked her??
My [25F] roommate [26F] acts very immaturely for her age, it’s getting to the point that I think she needs intervention but I don’t know what to do
Is my he being over-dramatic or is it just me?
Is it common for women to let the men initiate all platonic get togethers?
Am I [23M] being a shitty boyfriend to my girlfriend [19F].
Am I [23M] a shitty boyfriend for my girlfriend [19F]?
Is my ex an (ex) porn addict?
Have you had an experience with this while dating online
I (27F) made my (29M) bf mad because I didn’t tell someone no
[32M] do people think I'm creepy/weird because I'm not married yet
My (22F) husband (39M) feels guilty because he fired one of his employees (40F) who flirted with him.
Supporting an aging (non-US citizen) parent in the US
I (19F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) because I found out he was using Tinder. Was this too harsh of me?
Am I wrong
I (26f) came to visit my boyfriend (23m) on his birthday and he ignored me all night long
I decided to surprise my bf for his birthday...
Mom [54F] is financially dependent on me [29M]
Am I [22M] doing anything wrong for my Dad [54M] to treat me this way?
Relação séria vs grupo de amigos
Once I came to surprise my bf on his BD
F21, M31. He doesn't want to cum inside me.
Boyfriend checks out other women
Girlfriend didn’t tell me that she got with one of our friends??
My friends bf( 25M) is showing a lot of concern with me ( 24F).
My (26M) boyfriend (29) with whom I'm taking a break from (mutually agreed) wants to meet up to discuss what to do about us and I'm not how to proceed.
I’m (27F) scared about moving forward with a guy (29M) with two kids.
Real sh*t
My friend bf (25M) keeps texting me (24F) when I never started a convo with him.
Should I (18,F) tell my ex boyfriends (18,M) current girlfriend (18, F) that he is not being faithful?
I [23F] was exclusively seeing a guy [24M] who hooked up with multiple people while out of town on Valentine’s Day.
Can I[M28] really trust her[F22]?
Advice wanted regarding chores
How do I (23m) talk to my roommate (25m) and close friend about the fact that I'm suspicious that he's been smoking weed. When he's a former substance abuser?
My friends bf (25m) texted me (24F) when he had no reason to.
My ex-girlfriend(F37) told me(M20) that she's pregnant, I don't know what to do now.
i [16f] don't react well to my LDR [16] partner venting
F21, M31. He doesn't want to cum inside me.
Me (28M) and my boyfriend (27M) think differently. He tends to see it as beautiful, and I tend to see it as stressful.
How do we tell my extremely depressive sister (17) that her dog passed away in her sleep?
Once a cheater always a cheater?
Relationship feels
found out my ex was on tinder literally a day after we broke up... why would she do this when she told me numerous times that i was the love of her life
Everyone I know 55 older are single and have no desire. They plan to die alone.
Not sure why I attract people that only want the physical part of the relationship
Mom [54F] is financially dependent on me [29M]
My husband "respects" me too much to have sex with me???
I (24f) have been in a long distance relationship with my closeted gf (24f) for 6 years, and I'm starting to feel underappreciated. Is it time to go?
F21, M31. He doesn't want to cum inside me.
Not sure why I attract people that only want the physical part of the relationship
My (23M) friend (19F) won't talk to me anymore for an unknown reason
How do u know whether u love someone?
Not sure why I attract people that only want the physical part of the relationship
How do you know when u love someone?
My bf(21M) just dumped me(21F) today because he realized doesn’t want to be in a relationship
My (25F) best friend (32M) is really anti-social and negative and it's beginning to weigh down our friendship.
My (24M) best friend (23F) and I developed strong feelings which recently has destroyed the friendship in favour of her scumbag borderline abusive boyfriend.
How do you know whether you love someone
Bf and I have very different temperature needs and it’s starting to cause issues in our relationship. What do I do?
My (23M) friend (19F) won't talk to me anymore and I don't know how to reach out to her
My husband "respects" me too much to have sex with me? I dont know what to think
My ex-girlfriend(F37) told me(M20) that she's pregnant, I don't know what to do now.
My boyfriend (27M) has a dirty living situation and is a bad host when I visit. What can I (27F) reasonably expect him to change?
21F trying to get over 53M dad just checking out
Should I tell my gf I know she finds my friend hot?
I (M16) think I’m losing interest in her (F16)
21F trying to move on from being hurt from 53M father
Should I tell my gf that I know she finds my friend hot?
He says I smell like another man's cologne.
He says I smell like another man's cologne?
I’m in love with my boyfriends best friend?
Me (26M) and my wife (24F) [Serious!] [Suicidal] Very bad messed up relationship
I (M19) have a girlfriend (F18), but I dreamt I was together with a good female friend.
I (M23) can't get over my ex girlfriend (FM21). Want to get back together
Just found out I’m 4 weeks pregnant. I’m (23f) going to have an abortion, should I tell my boyfriend (22m) ?
Me (26M) and my wife (24F) [Serious!] [Suicidal] Very bad messed up relationship
My (23f) mom (59f) keeps asking to stay "for a few days" and then not leaving
A girl (f20) from college is obviously into me (m20), im totally not into her, i dunno how to kindly reject her
I do not want to marry him, but I love him.
I (m20) find it ultrahard to reject a girl (f20), whom i know for like 5 months, who veeery probably is into me but i'm totally not into her.
Not sure how to feel about being left out by same group of friends every now and then?
My (23f) mom(59f) keeps coming to stay "for a few days" and not leaving
(32M) Do I have a fear of commitment or am I out of touch with my feelings? Curious if any other current or former commitment-phobes have advice.
(32M) Do I have a fear of commitment or am I out of touch with my feelings? Curious if any other current or former commitment-phobes have advice.
Why is my ex [25] contacting me [22] after 2 years?
Angry with SO over smoking weed before she gets a new job...with possible drug testing.
My (29F) boyfriend (26M) broke up with me because he said I didn’t challenge him enough. What can I do next time to challenge my partner?
Attached.lost.torn.
Me (28f) with boyfriend of 8 years (29m) gaslighting or honest mistake?
Why is my ex contacting me? Should I ask about his intentions?
My gf and first love [20f] broke up with me [26m] two months ago and I'm having a very hard time getting over her.
I love my boyfriend and he loves me but..
I (F20) keep thinking about a guy I used to like in high school when I have a bf.
Divorce at 27. Hoping for a brighter (eventual) future & would love to hear your stories of heartbreak survivial and the grass being greener on the other side
Pregnant By My Cheating Boyfriend.
My (30f) insecurities may ruin my new relationship with my be (34m)
My (23F) boyfriend (27M) finds me a “miserable” person. Is there something wrong with me?
Another ghosting story...?
UPDATE: Parents (40s) have falsely accused me (M22) of stealing my brother's (M12) money
Feels like I'm too far behind everyone else to ever have a meaningful relationship.
I’ve told them not to post me on social media millions of times. Am I overreacting?
Attached.lost.torn.
My husband has serious body image issues. I don’t know how to help.
UPDATE: Parents (40s) have falsely accused me (M22) of stealing my brother's (M12) money
I want to be happy.
Should I reach out?
Feels like I'm too far behind everyone else to ever have a meaningful relationship.
Have I messed up after second date?
Nice guy nightmare
did i mess up my first kiss?
Divorce at 27. Hoping for a brighter (eventual) future. Would love to hear other peoples stories of survivial and new life!
I don’t understand the men in my life
My (29F) bf (26M) Broke up with me because he didn’t feel challenged enough by me. What could I do next time to challenge my partner?
What do I (M18) do if I like more than one girl?(F18)
Talking to girls on instagram (17M)
After some self improvement, should I try and make up with my friend again?
My boyfriend of three years wants to break up
I (M17) dont feel liked anymore by my GF(17), should I end it?
My (M25) girlfriend (F23) wants to break up because of my anxiety during arguments. She says I have become suffocating to her. I don't want things to end between us and I also don't want things to be like this in general. Help?
What do I do if I like more than one girl?
I (22M) Caught feelings for GF's (20F) best friend
(17M) Dming girls
Not sure how to feel about being left out by same group of friends every now and then?
How to DM girls properly? (17M)
My boyfriend of three years wants to break up
How to DM girls properly? (17M)
DMing Girls
Am I overreacting?
My [24m] gf [21f] cheated on me with her friend, I gave her a chance but she's so guilty she is having a hard time being around me.
Relationships can cost you.
Talking to other guys while away
Getting bullied because of a breakup
I (22M) have feelings for my girlfriends (20F) best friend.
Have feelings for girlfriends best friend, what to do?
Did I mess up my first kiss?
f25 My boyfriend (m26) friends with numerous ex lovers/flings
My (F25) Boyfriend's (M26) friends with numerous ex lovers/flings
Relationships can cost you.
Me [21 M] with my girlfriend [18 F] for 7 months, she thinks I cheated on her and I couldn't build back trust and our relationship has been destroyed because of it
(M16) my girlfriend (F15)found out I’ve been lying to her about another girl
My brother and I (25F&24M) live under a couple (M&F) who never stop screaming at each other, and we don't know what to do.
I (F,20) am not sure whether to continue with my bf (M,22) on account of previous issues
I (20F) just lost my SO(23M) of 3 years, thought he was the one, will I ever find love again?
The guy I'm seeing won't let me in
I [24F] found out that a close friend [24M] of mine from high school is trans and I don’t know how to reach out.
(M16) my girlfriend (F15) found out I was lying to her and we’re taking a break what can I do
In a relationship but I’m having doubts
Cheating husband. How to see old secret messages on Facebook?
I (20F) just lost my SO (23M) of three years. Will I ever find love again?
This ones for the men: Should I be concerned if my boyfriend complimented another girls body online?
I [18M] Fear My GF [17] May Be Pregnant - We have no idea what to do now.
The guy I'm seeing won't let anyone in
I (20F) have stopped liking holidays because he (21M) doesn’t care
GF (21f) says she doesn't feel any sexual or romantic tension between us (26m)
I (20F) have stopped liking holidays because he (21M) doesn’t care
I (F17) want to stop all contact with my mother (F50s). I am almost certain it is the right choice.
I have stopped liking holidays because he doesn’t like them.
Am I controlling or manipulative?
I (F,20) am not sure whether to continue my bf (M,22) on account of previous issues
I [30F] forgot my good friend’s [40M] birthday after I made kind of a big deal about him not knowing my birthday a few months ago. How do I fix this?
I (F17) want to stop all contact with my mother (F50s). I am almost certain it is the right choice.
Me [19 M] with my GF [18 F] 8 months, shes not ready for oral sex. Am I wrong for being impatient?
I [F24] just learned that a close high school friend [24M] is trans and I don’t know how to reach out.
I’m Not Feeling It
How to deal with feelings towards my girlfriends best friend
27F, Gradually losing feelings for SO (28M) and starting to feel trapped.
The cuddle conflict
Possible relationship with ex brother in law. He’s worried about public judgement. Thoughts?
My boyfriend announced that his dad will stay with us but I'm uncomfortable with it
I [19M] instantly detest women who show interest in me, and it’s ruining my life.
My partner [20f] who was my first love and true relationship broke up with me [26m] two months ago and I'm having a very hard time getting over her
Relationships can cost you
My [27F] fiance [30M] called me a thief in the supermarket after the self serve machine didnt scan a 15cents plastic bag
Will no good come from pining after the beautiful blonde girl fancied since childhood who is 25 years old who has BF since 2012?
Possible relationship with ex brother in law? How does society see this...
I [19/M] instantly detest people who show me that they like me back..?
SOs parents keep telling him I’m going to leave him
I’m Not Feeling It
I (37M) called the police on my neighbors (M&F mid-20s) during one of their many arguments. I don't know if I did the right thing and I'm worried it might make the situation worse.
My [19M] GF [18M] of 7 months isn’t ready to initiate any type of oral sex. Am I being ridiculous?
Dating an ex is rough and I don't know what to do :(
My (M17) Girlfriend (F18) broke up with me and wanted to stay friends but I feel like I've ruined our friendship
My [28M] female cousins [18-30]F made a secret bingo game around my weight loss
Former best friend [25M] assaulted me [23F] and mutual friends are acting as though barely anything happened
Things ended abruptly between (33M) and I(30F) this morning- how to handle this?
Help wanted!
Cursh
My SO (26 M) make me (25 F) feel hard to love at times
I[F21] feel hurt everytime I go home and it's really damaging my mental health
Marriage ended valentine's day
My [23F] GF with of 2 years won't stop comparing me [27M] to her ex. How do I deal with this?
My boyfriend (m:24) doesn’t want to get a job and I (f:21)keep telling him he needs a career
Trouble
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] of 4 months made a comment about throuples that made me cry. I don't know how to address this problem.
I [29F] keep blaming myself for my husband’s [25M] DUI and criminal charges
me [18M] and a girl [18M] want to date but she's struggling to commit, do you see any red flags?
need help
Ex showed up at my house after I broke up with him three days ago.
My (24f) boyfriend (27m) is very secretive.
My SO (26 M) makes me (25 F) feel difficult to love at times.
My girlfriend came to my rescue in my time of need, but I was just using her. Now I must dump her.
(M21) How to get over feelings for best friend?
Guys, what do you think about girlfirend living with you not paying rent?
I [25F] don't know how to deal with my parents' passive-aggression about me not going to church.
My marriage just ended, very isolated
Boyfriends mom is overbearing and hurting our relationship.
I (F/18) really like this guy, but his looks (M/19) are off-putting to me a bit and I'm not sure what to do.
My (27f) boyfriend (31m) is depressed and being bullied. How do I help him?
When to say when
Please give me advice!
my (17f) dad (45m) yelled at me and after giving him 3 weeks of silent treatment mom (40f) says I should apologize
Me [M] with my wife [F] duration,10 months ; [Serious!] [Suicidal] very bad messed up relationship
If you want and will help me a Loser, please read finish in order to understand me.
How can I (19F) be less insecure about my relationship with my bf (18M)
Me [M] with my wife [F] duration,10 months ;text= [Serious!] [Suicidal] very bad messed up relationship
If you want and will help me a Loser, please read finish in order to understand me.
Mixed signals from my date?
Men being starved of physical affection is a real thing! Who knew?!
[Serious!] [Suicidal] very bad messed up relationship
Friend is “the other woman”
How can I be less insecure in my relationship?
My friend is hooking up with a guy who has a girlfriend
Is it normal for family to vacation without us after we move?
Is it normal for family to vacation without us after we move?
[Serious!] [Suicidal] very bad messed up relationship
My (17F) Dad (45M) yelled at me over a misunderstanding, I haven't spoken to him in 3 weeks and I feel like I should apologize.
I (18M) am confused with my relationship with this girl (18F)
Would couples counseling be worth it or is the relationship already lost?
Gf going to Cancun alone for 21st
Why do Hollywood Romances Happen IRL? Despite people all around you esp online calling BS on movie style love relationships?
Met a new colleague from another country branch for the first time, having a massive crush on him now. Warning: gushing ahead.
My [26F] coworker [3?F] has multiple personalities and regularly changes what name she wants to be called, gets angry when someone forgets
Why do Hollywood Romances Happen IRL? Despite people all around you esp online calling BS on movie style love relationships?
[Warning:Gushing Ahead] Met a colleague from another branch for the first time, now having a massive crush on him.
My [22m] ex gf [22f] who I been broken up with for about seven months now keeps sending mixed signals.
[Serious!] [Suicidal] very bad messed up relationship
23F friend upset that my 26M boyfriend invites me to hang out with their mutual friends
I {25/f} hooked up with this friend {29/m} that I really like since meeting him two years ago but now I feel sad and regret it
My aunt's passing and financial problems
[Serious!] [Suicidal] very bad messed up relationship
I (26f) am unsure how to handle this FWB (27m) situation. I want to keep it casual, he says he does too, but my best guy friend is pointing out some behaviour that potentially says otherwise.
GF to Cancun alone will probably go clubbing
I'm (26f) not sure how to handle this FWB (27m) situation. I want to keep it casual, he says he does too, but my guy best friend is pointing out some behaviour that potentially says otherwise.
I (21/F) found my girlfriends (21/F) dating profile, did I do the right thing?
I (21/F) found my girlfriends (21/F) dating profile, did I do the right thing?
I (m18) can't seem to make any friends.
My [m25] gf [f21] fell for another man. What should I do?
My mum [45F] refuses to support me [19F]. What am I doing wrong?
My [27 F] boyfriend [29 M] is overly protective of his cellphone and never leaves it unattended. Should I be concerned?
My mum [45F] refuses to support me [19F] What am I doing wrong?
What would you do!? (EX GF, STD)
(M20) drive 10+ hours to surprise my gf (f20) less than 24 hours later she decides to break up with me as I’m “not giving her enough”
Why do I feel like I’m over my ex when I’m horny then after it’s like reality hits me and I realise I’m not is this normal?
Help!!!
SHOULD I LEAVE HIM??? IDK WHAT TO DO
My (27f) partner (27m) has said some horrible things to me during our relationship and I’m afraid I can’t come back from it.
Why is it OK for older men (35 -50) to like young women (18-25) but not OK for older women (35-50) to like young men (18-25), and why is it OK for young women (18 -25) to like older men (35-50) but not OK for young men (18-25) to like older women (35-50)
Help!!!
how can i (17F) move on from this?
My Mom (48F) Hates Me (18FtM)
Parents found out I smoke
help, how do i move on?
My Mom Hates Me
My mom hates me
So lost and confused about my Ex's actions
So lost and confused about my Ex's actiona
I [M23] can't get over my ex girlfriend[FM21] after two years, should I try again?
How do I (22F) confront my friend (23F) about her bad attitude lately?
Girlfriend is not sure what she wants and is confused
How do I (25f) tell my mom (50) that I don't want her bf (40's?) at my wedding?
Can't [M24] move from ex[FM21]
We love each other deeply and want to be together, but we fear we won’t be happy together in the long run (f27) (m27)
Found my soon-to-be ex-girlfriends dating profile.
The nice guy nightmare
(22F)Afraid of boyfriend (24M) going to bachelor party
Nervous about kissing my date (f17)
Stressed about boyfriend going to bachelor party
Try again m(24) f(21)
Is it cheating if it’s not physical?
My (25F) boyfriend (M32) cheated on me after I had his abortion. And before that, when we thought I might be pregnant.
Advice for feeling anxious and depressed for not being with my GF more often
Why am I (F20) constantly rejected by men?
My (19M) boyfriend (20M) just ended our two year LDR because he couldn’t come out to his friends/family
What’s going on?
tl;dr could i be pregnant?
My boyfriend is gonna leave me.
What should I (F20) do to stop repelling men?
I’m a literal wreck
My boyfriend is gonna leave me.
Scary drinking episode....
do women also love bomb? if so is it for the same reasons as men?
What’s done is done — what do I do now?
I (27F) broke up with him (31M) but am turning into a certifiable crazy pants over him moving on
My [29F] boyfriend [26M] is moving in. How can I best ensure he's made to feel at home?
Straight but I’m catching feelings for my gay coworker
I (29F) broke up with him (33M) but am feeling so insanely jealous about him moving on
Should I (24F) tell my bf(29M) to stop texting his ex (28F)?
Boyfriend feels trapped ?
(M20) drive 10+ hours to surprise my gf (f20) less than 24 hours later she decides to break up with me as I’m “not giving her enough”
My (23F) stepsister (20F) stole something very valuable to me and my boyfriend (24M) thinks I am overreacting
All in one month I(29) got married, had an abortion, and divorcing hubby(24). Lost.
Drove (10+) hours to surprise my gf for Valentine’s Day. Less than 24 hours later she’s breaking up with me.
Quick question for the ladies
Feelings for a co-worker while in a long term relationship. (26M)
Is my ex overreacting?
I (M21) am struggling to move on after my break-up
Is it cheating if u go out without your girl and bring a condom?
My girlfriend (24) is acting cold on me (M 24)
Drove 9 hours to surprise my gf for Valentine’s Day, get broken up worth a day later for “not doing enough”
When your methodical rationality kills your beauty, as girl, and makes you ugly and miserable. Rejected.
Activities ideas to do with GF?
I just don't want to be around my bestfriend anymore
Ideas for activities to do with GF?
Do I (19f) leave my bf (20m) of two years for another guy (18m)
Failed to bring a straightforward catch home because I didn't plan ahead. How to spontaneously suggest a change in plans?
I (17m) still don’t know how to cope with my girlfriend’s (19f) disability (and other illnesses)
My girlfriend [F/16] and I [M/17] have broke up as she chose another boy over me and was speaking to her ex
Contacting an old crush,kind of awkward. Don't know what to do.
I miss you Leni
I (17m) don’t know how to cope with my girlfriend’s (19f) disability (and other issues.)
Suspect sister (11) stole a personal item, how do I approach this situation given the circumstances?
Messed up a perfectly straightforward catch at the club, but I don't know how to fix it.
My girlfriend [F/16] and I [M/17] have broke up and she wants another chance after breaking up with me for another boy and talking to her ex. We had been together for a year.
My girlfriend chose another boy over me and i was sent a video of her speaking to her ex
28F ghosted on Valentine’s Day
Guys Who Have Trouble Building the Connections/Relationships They Want with Women
Guys Who Have Trouble Building the Connections/Relationships They Want with Women
Guys Who Have Trouble Building the Connections/Relationships They Want with Women
SIL (37F, bipolar, suspected BPD) went crazy on me (39F)
Suspect sister (11) stole my (19f) vibrator, how do I proceed?
Ghosted (28F) and crippled with pain
help! do I say no and run, or stay?
My (42 F) Son (19 M) is having boundary issues after coming home from college, what can I do?
Should I(18F) be upset that my boyfriend (19F) didn’t mention me?
my best friend made a mean comment out of nowhere about another friend and I don't know why I'm so bothered (both f20)
Fwb get mad
Should I (21M) give my dead-beat father (58M) a chance?
Should I just not care a much ?
I (21M) slept with a girl (19F) in her period and it was by far the worst experience in my life.
How do I tell my boyfriend that I don't want him to send me flowers at workplace anymore?
I (F22) think I am extremely close to people that I barely know. How do I fix this?
My [30M] wife [30F] cheated on me but still lives with me, and lies about still loving me. She’s “conflicted”
My boyfriend told me that his dad will stay with us and I'm very uncomfortable
I (21M) slept with a girl (19M) in her period and it was by far the worst experience in my life.
my [m20] friends kicked me out of a party and are lying
My [30M] wife [30F] has cheated on me multiple times. She doesn’t love me anymore but won’t leave.
I (m29) was informed of an unwanted pregnancy by someone I slept with but did not want to be with (f27) & need help
(F19) How To Deal With A Busy College Engineer Boyfriend (M21)
Last night my[17f] boyfriend[18m] told me he didnt love me anymore
Hello
My [19M] Ex Girlfriend [37F] wants to get back together with me after she cheated on me 2 times. I don’t know what to do
I (17f) made my mother cry because I've been depressed
I (F19) fight with my very close friend (F19) every two days, the fights are started by her, always about her insecurities.
Need help in figuring out how to approach my long time crush (more complex situation than this title portrays)
Girl (17) who ghosted me (20) a little less than a year ago is studying the same career in the same university as me and it's taking a toll on my mental health.
My wife (f21) cheated on me (m29) with a mutual friend (m23). Need advice!
I (F19) fight with my friend (F19) every other day, it's all caused by her anxiety, I don't want to leave
Need help in figuring out how to approach my long time crush (more complex situation than this title portrays)
Red flag guide.
Vasectomy has changed how I see my husband.
Unwanted pregnancy, dont know what to do
Vasectomy issues.
Me [20M] being annoyed by party going on
New relationship, but has warning flags... Proceed to GO, continue with caution or hit the brakes on this ASAP?
(23/M) I'm emotionally stunted because of a long failed relationship. I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing and I have no idea how to make the first move. What do I do?
bf (23m) wants to do vegan, and i(24f) want to do keto.
Girlfriend (22) outperformed me (26M) in an escape room and I'm feeling all sorts of emotions
bf [23m] wants to live a vegan lifestyle, and i [24f] want to do keto
Girlfriend (22) outperformed me (26M) in an escape room and I'm feeling all sorts of emotions
What do I do now
What do I do now?
I’m 19 & Female. What is it like dating someone much older than you that has a kid?
New relationship, unsure about it. Trigger warning- mental health issues/topics
Is it true our ex’s will forever be connected with us?
F/19 Single // Just a question for people in a relationship with a much older guy, about a 5 or more age gap. How is it? Was it weird at first? (Below has more details on why I ask)
25M (me) depressed bae (25F) didnt like my valentines day present
Depressed, need some advice!
Guys that know how women feel
25M needs help with perfect present for bae
My friend (28F) boyfriend (28M) can’t open up
Depressed, any suggestions ?
Ex scare!
Fiancé doesn’t think I trust him
Boyfriend (24) told me I (20) compliment him too much but now I don't know when to compliment
BF(20M)'s friends actively ignore me(20M)?
I REALLY need help. Military 28M and wife 28F deployment issues
BF(20) friends ignore me (20M)
I don’t think my fiancé loves me anymore.
Need advice on my complicated long distance love journey
He blocked me almost immediately after hooking up (kinda famous person) WHY???
She (19F) offered FWB but I (18M) wanted a relationship. I said no. Now I feel like I made a mistake.
85% sure my [girlfriend [29F] is cheating on me [28M]. What should I do?
Girlfriend probably cheating on me
Girlfriend probably cheating on me
I (17M) have been friends with this girl (16F) from Australia for about 5 months now, however I'm from America. I'm slowly starting to develop feelings for her and need advice!
My (28f) ex of 2 years (32m) family members still reach out to me and hate his current gf. I feel somewhat responsible.
I (17M) have been friends with a girl (16F) from Australia for about 5 months now, however I live in America. I'm starting to develop feelings for her slowly, what do I do?
Why should anyone be ashamed of their past, when theyre proud of who they are as if today?
Concerned about my brother's (23M) behavior, what should I do?
Boyfriend (19M) just asked me (19F) to rate his pretty coworker
Is he [35/M] waiting for me [36/F] to say 'I love you'?
Concerned about my brother's (23M) behavior, what should I do?
I’m dreaming of another man.
Scared my parents will stop loving/ supporting me
Recent break up between me (21f) and (25m)/love sucks/still in love
Recent break up/mixed emotions/still in love
Is dreaming about someone else bad?
Boyfriend (30) does not down shut flirting or mention my (31f) existence
She (19F) offered FWB and I (18M) wanted a relationship. I said no. Now I feel like I made a mistake.
Is it possible to not feel as though you’re only appreciated for doing mundane tasks or knowing that no mater how hard you try you’ll only make them mad?
I (31 M) recently broke up with my GF (27 F). Knowing this will help me process it and file it away: when do AVOIDANTS grow more distant?
Went on a date with someone (20/f) for the first time in my life, now she is ghosting me (20/m)
Detaching from alcoholic long distance boyfriend (F28)
Struggling to make my [23F] relationship with my SO [24M] work
I feel bad, why do I feel this way? I’m a (21f) he’s a (25m)
Sexless relationship
Feeling bad about a break up, 22(F), 25(M)
My partner [19F] and I [19M] slept together despite neither person giving consent.
Recent break up
Completely new to the dating scene and have no clue where to start.
I feel like my boyfriend of ten years (M23) is falling out of love for me (F25)
My Girlfriends (22F) last relationship still haunts her. I (20M) would love to help her out, but i don't know what the best way around it is.
Today my (27f) fiancé (29m) ignored my text for 7 hours but gets mad if I don’t respond fast
Detaching from alcoholic long distance boyfriend
Is it too late for me?
I (25 F) do not have many local friends and it makes making more friends difficult. What do I do?
Incomaptible or overthinking?
How I(23M) got my girl(21F) obsessed with me for the Val after the break up
My gf wants me to beat her... I don’t know what to say or do (this literally happened like 10 minutes ago so might delete or update).
My partner [19F] and I [19M] slept together despite neither person giving consent.
My[27M] buddy[28M] has an aggressive refuse-to-lose personality. How can I convince him that this behavior has to change?
Overthinking or Incompatible?
Complicated long distance story
My partner [19F] and I [19M] slept together after neither person consented.
I feel like my boyfriend of ten years (M23) is falling out of love for me (F25)
How I(23M) got my girl(21F) obsessed over me for the Val
Think we might need to break up [m25][f30] but don’t know if I’m being unrealistic. I’m terrified.
Girlfriend (33F) would not talk to me (24M) and even sleep in the couch about about something I feel is not my fault and out of proportion
Girlfriend (33F) would not talk to me (24M) and even sleep in the couch about about something I feel is not my fault and out of proportion
FWB keeps getting jealous, how do I prevent that
A call for aid
Preparing to be disowned in a few years. Can I (17M) have some advice so I don’t get screwed over like my brother?
How do I [24FTM] deal with a jealous friend [20F]?
Feedback please?
My long distance boyfriend [17] of almost a year broke up with me [16F]
My (30M) wife (24F) cheated on me with her boss. But I decided to work on our relationship. But she finds out I watch porn it's unforgivable.
i have no clue what she wants from me and i dont know what to do, i need help asap (this is an essay lmaoaoaoa)
Wife (28F) concluded that she is gay and wants to split up after 7 years together (29M).
My long distance boyfriend (17) broke up with me (16F) today
Exes.
My (30M) wife (24F) sexually cheated on me with her boss and I decided to work on our marriage. But when she finds out I watch porn it's unforgivable.
I'm planning on telling a friend's (21ish M) girlfriend (21F) that he cheated. Am I overstepping a boundary, and is this "not my place"?
Confused about my ex moving on. (I am 23 F, he is 24 M)
I (20m) have a huge disinterest in dating and I don’t know why, I’m not sure if there is something wrong with me or not. (Advice wanted)
Discovered that my (F24) boyfriend (M27) maintains a list of user profiles on porn sites and not sure how I feel about it
Hey! Check out this book I stumbled across "The Text Chemistry"
I'm planning on telling my friend's girlfriend that he cheated on her, despite being specifically asked not to. Should I wait even longer for him to tell her, since it's "not my place" to tell?
Confused about my ex moving on.
Confused about my ex moving on
[sex] could i be pregnant?
Found out that my boyfriend maintains a list of links to user profiles on porn sites?
My husband (m29) is so sweet. He makes me (f31) dinner and gives me one of my favorite candies and a stuffed unicorn.
could i be pregnant?
My best friend just broke up with me.
Confused about my ex
Slowly dating
I (19M) forgot to get my GF (17F) something for Valentine's day
I think my wife is losing her mind
Wife (27F) and I (29M) both want an open marriage but we're religious
Is my wife losing her mind or is it just me
I (M17) dont feel liked anymore by my GF(17), should I end it?
Feeling crappy about valentines with my (25f) boyfriend (25m)
I'm (18F) unsure of my feelings for my boyfriend (24M) of 4 months
Me [27F] with guy [36M] I just met - asks me for selfies and got mad at me for “rescheduling” a date we hadn’t agreed on a time for
My Best Friend just broke up with me.
My boyfriend (22M) won't let me (19F) go to a party
Valentine's help
What have you guys seen more often, fat guys with fit girls, or vice versa?
My boyfriend [33/m] got outrageously drunk at a wedding and I [29/f] feel upset but don’t know if it’s justified.
Wife (28F) concluded she is gay after 7 years together, (29M).
Is my (28f) relationship with my husband (29m) worth saving?
Did I (32F) cause a scene at family event?
I (M17) dont feel liked anymore by my GF(17), should I end it?
I think I’m (F) in love with my best friend(M) of 30 years, but the thought of being with him sexually disgusts me.
What does she want? Please read the post below
Did I make a scene at family event?
My (18F) boyfriend (23M) won't let me go to a party
Not sure if this is the right place, but apparently r/casualconversations isn't. Starting to date again, not a fan.
A friend (22M) asking me (21F) on a date?
We got in an argument at my place and he demanded a ride home past midnight or threatened his own safety..is he manipulative?
I don't know what to do...
I (F/24) am worried my mother (F/45) will ruin my wedding with her behavior
We got in an argument at my place and he demanded a ride home past midnight or threatened his own safety..is he manipulative?
What does she want? Please read the post below
Chlamydia
My brother [M29] is visibly on a very unhealthy relationship with his wife [F36]. Should I say something?
I think I’m (F) in love with my best friend(M) of 30 years, but the thought of being with him sexually disgusts me.
Should I [F31] contact the girl [F30~] who texted my bf [M32]?
Chlamydia and Relationship
My (23f) bf (26m) tells me to act like it’s our first time while in the act... super confused by this?
Chlamydia..
Bf wont let me go to a party
How do I (20f) tell my boyfriend(20m) I wish he would get me more romantic gifts?
Bad mother (63F) + cancer ... I’m not sure how I (34F) feel about how I feel
Boyfriend (37M) of two years bought an engagement ring I (31F) don't like.
I (27F) don’t know how to get my bf (31M) to HEAR what I’m saying
My best friend [22M] might have to get married to a family friend's daughter [23F] soon. I [22M] am in love with him. I don't know what to do.
I (24F) truly trust my boyfriend (26M)...so why do I get upset when he’s going out with his friends?
Are soulmates real? If so, what does it feel like?
Am I in the wrong?
How do I not come off as needy over text?
I (M19) am in love with a woman (F20) who doesn't make any sense, and I don't know what to do.
Found out my spouse has been meeting with other agents, I’m a real estate agent.
Husband addicted to phone
Gf (26f) recently broke up with me (27m) and was in a new relationship the same day
Am I overreacting or am I in the clear?
Am I overreacting or am I in the clear?
My SO (F30) wants to have a baby, but before we start trying she wants to agree on how much money I’ll give her once the baby is born. Is this normal?
What are your opinions on this mentality?
Husband addicted to his phone
How to steer in the right direction??
What are your opinions on this mentality?
Should I leave
My SO (F30) wants to have a baby, but before we start trying she wants to agree on how much money I’ll give her once the baby is born. Is this normal?
What is body language when the interaction or how do you detect it is with a Guy and a Girl for you? I want answers Please!
Pls Offer Relationship Advice
How do I give my marriage another chance and still protect myself?
How do I come off as not needy in text?
I (M19) am in love with someone who doesn't make sense (F20) and I don't know what to do.
[17M] How to get closer to more girls
We got into a fight and he didn’t speak to me for days. Now we’re broken up...is there a chance we will be on better terms?
All my exes want to remain friends.
My (21f) ex (20f) wants to start talking again after completely shutting me out for months
We got into a fight and he didn’t speak to me for days. Now we’re broken up...is there a chance we will be on better terms?
Is the fact that I (M19) am thinking there's at chance at mending with my ex (F19) ridiculous or am I on to something?
Why if my boyfriend lying about unimportant things?
Help me [28F] figure out his [38M] intentions?
I’m (F26) often frustrated and resentful at how my SO (M28) chooses to live and deal with things.
Would it be weird if I (m23) were to ask a girl I had previously hung out with (f23) to just hangout as platonic friends?
Me (F22) likes (M21) who is hung up on ex.
Need help! A secret I Didn't Expect
I (26M) am having serious doubts in my relationship with my girlfriend (24f) of 6 years. I don’t know what to do or how to break up.
Help me [28F] figure out his [38M] intentions
Liking a guy who still isnt over his ex.
Secrets
Please help im so confused
Found out my spouse has been meeting with other agents, I’m a real estate agent.
Met a girl on a dating app
How horrible would it be for someone to have some feelings for someone other than their SO?
Feeling under appreciated for Valentine’s Day
[Serious] What’s it like having a girlfriend?
How do I (18 they/them) tell my mom (50s F) she should try therapy?
Feeling unappreciated on Valentines Day
Would it be weird if I (m23) were to ask a girl I had previously hung out with (f23) to just hangout as platonic friends?
Going back to "just friends" after being friends with benefits
I have anxiety issues that may be compromising my relationship with my boyfriend
All my (17) main friend group (17M’s) does is smoke weed and it’s getting really annoying
Ex BF from 15 years ago messages me (28F). Is it innapropriate to reply since I am currently happy with (27M) for 4 years?
Met this really cute girl on a dating app.
Me (M20) feeling romantic about new female friends, but I want to stay faithful to my gf
I have severe anxiety and I have panic attacks when I feel that my partner is upset about something
Me (M20) falling for romance too easily after getting new female friends
I [20F] love my boyfriend [20M] but.... [Slightly NSFW]
My gf(23f) and I(25m) are from different countries and need to marry in order to continue the relationship.
Should I (22M) tell my ex (20F) current bf that he cheated on her?
I love my boyfriend but.... [Kinda NSFW]
My boyfriend cheated on me twice. Once was after my abortion.
Should I (23m) tell the truth about my ex gf (21) or not?
My (M28) girlfriend (24F) thinks I’m immature and our relationship would be better if I was mature
Is she [23F] just being friendly or a sign that she might be interested in me [24M]?
25 (F) seeking a domestic discipline relationship with a (M) spanko
Should I end my friendship with a younger friend that I'm developing feelings for?
My (F23) boyfriend (23M) wants his brother to come to our Valentine’s Day date...
My(M28) girlfriend (F23) thinks our relationship would have be better if I was mature.
25 (f) seeking (m) for domestic discipline relationship
My boyfriend wants his brother to come to our Valentine’s Day date...
[15M] Don’t know where to go from here with a [16F] girl. Just talking so far.
My (27F) relationship with 38M is failing
Clarity
Would you date a girl under 4’9”?
should i breakup with my bf?
I (22f) went down on my boyfriend (25m) for the first time and I feel weird about it now
Should I breakup with my bf?
My (M28) girlfriend (F23) thinks that our relationship would have been better if I was more mature.
Should I end my friendship with a younger friend that I'm developing feelings for?
Who do I tell/how do I tell anyone about my feelings?
Life and relationship falling apart
I [31F] really miss the guy [28M] I initially rejected, then got together with for a few weeks, before moving halfway across the world
Should I [27F] go on a date with this guy [36M] that I met online? Not sure why I feel on edge
My fiance [25m of 3 years] and I [24f] are apart for 3 months while I wait for my visa, there hasn't been enough communication for me to be happy, I told him this and he's still falling short, what do I do?
I feel confused and need HEALTHY advice
I (22f) went down on my boyfriend (25m) for the first time and I feel kind of weird about it
Husband’s (28) Valentines Day gift he worked on all night hurt my (28, F) feelings. Can’t stop thinking about it.
I’m drunk told my friend how I feel about her
How do I [19m] to about asking my parents [58f] [56m] to let a girl [22f] I've been talking to for well over a month to stay at my house for a few nights?
My crush posted his Valentine on Twitter
What pictures should I remove from social media of me and my Ex?
How do I [19m] to about asking my parents [58f] [56m] to let a girl [22f] I've been talking to for well over a month to stay at my house for a few nights?
I [F27] can’t bring myself to leave husband [28M] even though I should.
How do I [19m] to about asking my parents [58f] [56m] to let a girl [22f] I've been talking to for well over a month to stay at my house for a few nights?
Roommate hogs the living room, kitchen, and literally all the shared space
Girlfriend MIGHT be pregnant with my ex-best friend’s child. How do i take this in stride?
I [23/M] still watch my ex-girlfriend's YouTube channel and I can't get over her.
Confused with possible date
I (F32) tossed a coin to decide if I’ll break him (M30) up or not.
Partner ignored me all day and im unsure how to react
I [F27] can’t bring myself to leave husband [28M], though I should.
My best friend no longer cares for me like before
My (27F) close friend (25F) died and I don’t think I’m handling it well
I [23/M] can't get over my ex-girlfriend. Should I try to get back with her?
I (17F) don't know how to help my mom right now (41F). I don't know what I should do in this situation either.
My (32f) boyfriend (31m) still talks to his ex and it bugs me
I [20M] thought we [18F] were into each other, got sort of rejected. She wants to stay friends, but i'm not sure how I feel about that.
"Do not set youself aflame to keep others warm" - What's the best thing to do in this situation?
I (21M) have issues with girlfriend (18F) wanting exhibitionism and voyeurism
Is this girl (18 F) showing signs of interest? Should I (20 M) ask her out?
I'm dating my coworker.
I've always wanted to know how the male mind worked in situations in having friendships with ex"s.
Guy friend likes me romantically and I don’t feel the same
My boyfriend (M 19) and me (F 18) dealing with crazy friend (M 18) Should I break up with my boyfriend?
How do I let an old coworker know I am not interested in being friends?
Guy friend likes me more than a friend and won’t leave me alone
Why do men leave to put gas in the car?
My(23M) girlfriend(24F) has been cancelling every date last minute
(21M) my girlfriend (18F) wants people to see us having sex and vice versa
Advice for 23F
How to get over someone without cutting contact?
I was crushed when I got cheated on...So I cheat and get away with it.
My (32F) boyfriend (31M) still talks to his ex and it bugs me
Friend
My boyfriend has a crazy friend who hates me
Can’t figure this girl out?
I[23 M] just was broken up by my [24 F] girlfriend of 16 months. How do I get her back?
just a girl who has waited a long time to be loved
My (25f) fiancé (27m) met another woman (20sf) 10 days ago and I need help.
25 f, partner met another woman 10 days ago and everything is falling apart.
Boyfriend (25) wants to sleep with my (21) curvy friend.
What to say during couples therapy
I’m in a shitty teen relationship and would like some help
I (M 17) broke up with my (F 17)girlfriend today of 7 months . I feel horrible and I know it’s right. But I could still use some advice.
I (f/29) think I have a thing for a co worker (m/53). The big age gap is something new for me.
I’m in a shitty teen relationship and don’t know what to do.
Will I ever be able to get over the past?
I (M 17) broke up with my (F 17)girlfriend today of 7 months . I feel horrible and I know it’s right. But I could still use some advice.
Me 36/M and my gf 31/F four over 4 years, on V day we go to see movie I have been waiting years to see on opening day, and I pay for both of our tickets. She asked if she could use my gift card to get food with it, and I said I rather we use it on tickets for future movies...
How to let an old coworker know I don't want to be friends?
My boyfriend (M18) does not say he loves me (F18)
just a girl who has waited a long time to be loved
I (17 M) broke up with my (17 F) girlfriend today. I feel horrible and I know it’s right. But I could still use some advice.
Can I get over the past?
Me [22M] and my FWB [21] spent a lot of time together for the past month and now that we are both separated for a week with maybe two weeks to come I’m noticing changes in her texting/snapping behavior and it’s worrying me a little
My flirt is stayin with another man right now?
I've gotten away with preemptive cheating in both my LTRs
My boyfriend [26M] always thinks I [26F] have expectations of him and gets anxious. I’m more annoyed that he thinks I have expectations.
I [21F] snooped on my boyfriend’s [22M] phone and saw that he told his ex he would leave me for her and that they slept in same bed together
Can’t figure this girl out?
Foundations of a successful relationship
Went on a good date but the conversation stopped afterwards. Should I send a message or not? (F22 + M22)
Both of my jobs scheduled me to work the same day.
I (19F) am not coming to moving well
M(19) Dating for 3 months. Should I make anything of this
Went on a good date but the conversation stopped afterwards. Should I send a message or not? (F22 + M22)
Are love and sex mutually exclusive?
boyfriend does not say he loves me
M (19) Dating for 3 months, Explain this
Was this a mean spirited text from him [32M]
What do you and your SO do on the weekends
Only feel loved when she's turned on
M(19) Dating for about 3 months, is this something to worry about?
Only feeling loved when turned on
just a girl who has been waiting a long time to be loved
Series of unfortunate events
Boyfriend too nervous for intimacy
I love my boyfriend but I hate him too
I (38f) feel like a friend (38m) I was seeing is using me
This guy I have been seeing has me so confused? I really like him?
I feel like a friend I was kind of seeing is using me
Was this a mean spirited text from him? [32M] [30F poster]
I [24F] may have a dream job opportunity in another country. My bf [29M] is 100% supportive. Can we really make it work?
Advice?
Needing advice
I (25f) have a crush on my coworker (29m) and I think it might be reciprocated. Should I ask him out?
Need help making a decision with a girl
M(19) Should i be worried?
Need help making a decision on a girl
AITA: My (22/F) boyfriend (25/M) took me out but didn't get me any gifts
My [30M] ex-fiance [25F] ended our engagement 3 months ago and kept the ring. Is this normal?
How can we (M24,F19) help our co-worker (17F) from escaping the early stages of a Physical and Mentally abusive relationship with her bf (M17)?
Tips on making a relationship less dependent?
My [30M] ex-fiance [25F] ended our engagement 3 months and kept the ring. Not theft but super tacky right?
BF and I broke up amicably but new information has come to light
How can we (M24,F19) help our co-worker (17F) from escaping the early stages of a Physical and Mentally abusive relationship with her bf (M17)? HELP
Should I (25f) ask out my coworker (29m)? I think the feelings are reciprocated the
AITA? My (22/F) boyfriend (25/M) didn't get me a gift but took me out
Why do I feel like cheating?
I (22F) have been sexting a guy (33M) in a relationship. How do I tell his girlfriend (20sF)?
My fav ex 20f requested to follow me on ig 19m
Is this worth posting? Ramblings of a man moving on, or trying to.
I (17F) cannot stand my dad (50M) anymore. He has been acting like I don't exist.
My fav Ex(20F) just requested to follow me(19M)
My wife (31F) bought me (30M) a nosejob for Valentine's Day
I (17F) cannot stand my dad (50M) anymore. He has been pretending I don't exist.
I[18M] can't sleep when my Gf[18F]goes out to night clubs
Why did my friend(22m) stop being friends with me(24m)?
Low libido in partner
Is this LDR with no end plan going to end in disaster?
I (17F) cannot stand my own dad (50M) anymore. He has been pretending I do not exist.
Am I (m27) being fkd over by (f24) or am I just overeating?
my bf just got out of the hospital, should I visit him?
Need advice
A 40-something man, married, separated, still has a women problem.
He (32M) only seems to use me (34F) in order to meet other women and it kills me inside
my bf just got out the hospital, should I visit him?
My (25F) mother (65F) is obese and I don't know how to help
Should I move on
My new bf just got out of the hospital, should I visit him?
A 40-something man, married, separated, still has a women problem.
My mother is obese and I don't know how to deal with it
I was abused by my boyfriend...I think.
I'm in love with someone who don't want a relationship
I[18M] can't sleep when my Gf[18F]goes out to night clubs
Going exclusive
I met someone, didn't get her info!
My (21f) boyfriend (22m) got me a giant teddy bear for Valentine’s Day
Acelynn, please respond to this post! It's Diego from Omegle!!
Have I (m27) just been fkd over by (f24) or am I being overeating?
EX (23M) made a playlist for someone else using half the songs he put on a playlist for me(22F)
Why do women keep cheating on their S/O's with me? [24/M]
I (23f) want to make it work with him (23m). But I think I’m just being far too tolerant.
EX (23M) made a playlist for someone else using half the songs he put on a playlist for me(22F)
Feeling so grateful
How to break up with someone? :(
EX (23M) made a playlist for someone else using half the songs he originally made for me (22F)
YouTube Search History
I (19F) got with my boyfriends friend (20M) before we got together and his friends keep bringing things up
EX (23M) made a playlist for someone else that he originally put on my (22F) playlist
I (19F) got with my boyfriends friend (20M) before we were together and his friends keep bringing things up
Girlfriend going away to a different country to visit a guy.
I[18M] can't sleep when my Gf[18F]goes out to night clubs
Both of my (19M) jobs scheduled me for the same day and I don’t know which one to choose to work at.
Im in love with someone who dont want a relationship
My (35m) mom (64f) doesn’t love one of her three grandkids (5m)
How do I [M19] make my potential girlfriend’s[F19] friends to like me?
First conflict with BF’s mother
First conflict with Mom in Law
How to break up with someone? :(
I (26F) am angry bf(30M) did not spend Valentine’s Day with me
Am I wrong to cut all ties
How can I [M] make sure I'm not leading on my friend [F]
I[18M] can't sleep when my Gf[18F] goes out to night clubs
How can I make sure I'm not leading on a female friend?
Dad (51M) has been cheating on mom (51M) for 1.5 years.
My (30F) boyfriend (32M) said I am not a 'real new yorker' in front of my friends in a really mean way. Am I overreacting by being mad about this?
My (35m) mom (64f) doesn’t want to see one of her three grandkids (5m)
Attempting to cut off financial ties to my parents and I need help figuring out how to adult.
How to break up with someone?
Devastated
Attempting to cut off financial ties to my parents and I need tips on learning how to adult.
Asking for your needs
Roommate
I can't sleep when my Gf goes out to night clubs
Should I [25f] expect my sister [11f] to not hang out in undies in my home?
Long distance relationship help
I (18NB) am in a relationship with my boyfriend (21M) but recently I've met someone else (18F) and I think I'm more attracted to them.
I’m [26F] black. My boyfriend [26M] is white and strangers feel the need to approach us and praise our relationship.
My friend [F:23] found my boyfriend [M:25] on tinder. Do I look past this?
just broke up with my girlfriend of two years.
I (F20) don’t have friends and rely on my family too much
Why do some obese people SMELL so bad
I (18NB) am in a relationship with my boyfriend (21M) but recently I've met someone else (18F) and I think I'm more attracted to them.
My friend [F:23] found my my boyfriend [M:25] on tinder. He says he doesn’t use it and forgot his profile was up. Should I believe him?
Why do some obese people smell so bad?
Do I have to be BFF’s with sister in law?
I (28f) feel insecure about my body compared to my boyfriend’s (30m)
My friend found my boyfriend on tinder. Claims it’s an old profile and he doesn’t use it. Should I believe him?
Sexless but not loveless Marriage
I (F20) don’t have friends and rely on my family too much
Long distance relationship help...
I (32F) had an abortion in summer and the being around my partner’s (39M) pregnant sister in law.
Am I crazy?
27/f wondering about future with 27/m after 7 years
His ex was prettier and cooler than me
How Did You Do It? [F 26] Dealing W/ [M 27]
I (32F) has an abortion this summer and i feel like my partner (39M) isn’t giving me the support I need
my [18f] best friend [21f] keeps getting annoyed with me, asking for space, then wanting to spend more time together?
How Did You Do It?
My (22F) Fiance (23M) gets anxious when I discuss my problems..
Too everyone who posts on here who is looking for help.
I [28f] feel embarrassed of my breast size compared to my boyfriend’s [m30] ex’s
My ex (14m) broke up with me (18f) 13 weeks ago. He has changed for the worse to the point his mother cried to me about it. I need advice.
My brother Is missing, please anything will help.
I don’t know what to do about my husband, I think I should take a few days away.
Throwaway because sensitive info
I [30F] broke up with boyfriend [30M] last week because of his verbally abusive language and drinking. Last night he brought my Valentine’s gifts anyway.
I (19NB) have a crush on my gay (24M) best friend. How do I kill my feelings?
6yr old marriage, ending or not..
My marriage, ending or not!?
Observations and interpretations of the metaphysical sexual nature of the human animal and the implications thereof. (An informal sociological survey of the human sexual act and its repercussions)
The Secret To Building Forward Momentum In Your Romantic Relationship
Did I (22F) do the right thing? What do his (22M) actions mean?
Friend has no Reddit account so posting for her. I (20f) have recently been told by a friend (24M) that he loves me.
Legit question for serious answers
When he doesnt live up to his promises
Throwaway because sensitive info
My husband(20sM) believes he should be able to tell me(20sF) anything in confidence without judgement.
Did I (22F) do the right thing? What do his (22M) actions mean?
I (22F) "cheated" on my non committed (23M) ex boyfriend and now I am scum
Would it be ok if I (F 23) gave my physical therapist (M ?) My number?
Freaked out on my partner and need advice on moving forward.
My husband(20sM) believes he should be able to tell me(20sF) anything in confidence, whether I agree with it or not
My mother and brother don't don't seem to care about my teen. It hurts.
Can’t tell if I’m falling out of love. What does it feel like?
Would it be weird to give my physical therapist my phone number?
My family does not seem to care about my teenager. It hurts.
Girls
My gf didn’t get me anything for Valentine’s Day
Need advice on how to help my (23m) girlfriend (20f) be an adult
I (13M) am having trouble keeping myself happy after seeing my friend (14F) many successes
Is it possible that my [24F] boyfriend [24M] just rapped me? I can’t process my thoughts.
Is it possible that my [24F] boyfriend [24M] just raped me? I can’t process my thoughts.
My husband (M31) tells me (F27) that I don’t care about my family because I skip dishes sometimes
How old is too old?
Fiancé lost his job, won’t plan for his future
Was I [F, 24] wrong for confronting my friend [F, 24] of 7 years about how she acted and feeling that she may have disregarded my safety?
I (13M) am having trouble keeping myself happy after seeing my friend (14F) many successes
If I decide not to break up with my partner even after I realised I no longer love them - does it ever get better? Can it, even?
Love of my love left and I feel a deep depression setting in
I [F24] am the other in an emotional affair with my best friend [F25] and only recently realized it.
Emotionally cheated on and now she’s having an affair and how I stood up for myself
Fiancé lost his job and has no professional plan
If I decide not to break up with my partner even after I realised I no longer love them - does it ever get better? Can it, even?
I (13M) am having trouble keeping myself happy after seeing my friend (14F) many successes
I [29M] was set to marry my GF [30F] and have her move in to my home that is partially owned by my mom. My mom also lives there and asked us to sign a prenup. That upset my GF to the point where she refuses to live with my mom.
The love of my life left and idk how to not fall in the deep depression I feel coming.
Heyyyy! Want a hype buddy follow me on insta and I’ll follow you back and will comment on your photossss. @M_Khan_0909
I [21F] have a huge crush on my TA [25M]
My (20f) boyfriend (24m) goes out of his way to let me know he finds the girls on-screen hot and it bothers me.
My [17M] girlfriend [16F] isn't always as welcome, and makes her insecure.
My boyfriend keeps promising stuff but I always end up disappointed, wondering if I’m blowing it out of proportion or not.
GF [16F] upset about my [17M] friend's not inviting her
I (22F) was broken up with my non committed (23M) ex boyfriend because I "cheated". Need Advice.
My boyfriend shaved his head and I’m not a fan.
Boyfriend always search up hot girls we saw from random videos on social media
I’m(30f) insecure about my tummy and my boyfriend(30m) reinforces that.
My boyfriend keeps cheating on me.
Am I wrong if I (19M) ghost/ignore my ex (19m)?
I [20F] left my boyfriend [22M] and don't feel sad at all
I'm (21f) forced to make a decision between my ex (22m) and another guy (21m)
My (20f) boyfriend (24m) goes out of his way to let me know when he finds girls on-screen hot and it bothers me
Boyfriend (m22) cheated on me(f22) after less than two months relationship
Boyfriend always search up hot girls from the video on social media
My boyfriend cheated on me after less than two months into the relationship
I’m (30f) Insecure about tummy, my boyfriend (30m) reinforces that.
Girlfriend (24f) of 3 months won't get intimate anymore with me (25m)
Did my [24F] boyfriend [24M] cross the line and assault me?
Discover the Scientifically Proven Solution That Gets Your Baby to Sleep like Clockwork
My (26f) husband (29m) made $70k last month selling his home from before we were married, I never asked for him to split the money with me but I did ask for him to treat me and our parents to a vacation and he doesn't want to, am I out of line or is he being selfish?
How do I (30M) socialize with my female coworkers (30 - 60)?
Communication Issues
girlfriends ex is spreading rumours
Should I block my whole extended family?
My ex boyfriend threatened my father's life last night. This is the third time a relationship has become toxic and abusive and I've only had 3 serious adult relationships.
Tell me about your first date with your significant other!
Discover the Scientifically Proven Solution That Gets Your Baby to Sleep like Clockwork
My [22F] prolonged anxiety stemming from sex ruined my Valentine's day with BF [21M] of three years. Need suggestions on how to get back my confidence
My wife [F21] cheated on me [M29] four times with a mutual friend. Need advice.
DOGS people suck tshirt
Am I(F,23) looking too deep into this or is this actually harassment and not harmless fun ?
Boyfriend always search up hot girls from random video we watched
I think that my gf is cheating with my bestfriend
Do I finally leave?
My [22F] boyfriend [24M] won't communicate with me about looking up this girl on Instagram and I don't know how to get him to do so
Insecure about tummy, boyfriend reinforces that.
Am I socially awkward or is it just my impression? If I am, how do I make friends?
Girlfriend (24f) of 3 months won't get intimate anymore with me (25m)
Me [24F] with my ex bf [23M] broken up 6+ months, date 6 years. Confused about our relationship
My partner's temper is starting to worry me. Is there any way to help tone down the anger?
I think I’m (F23) am bisexual and I am not sure how to tell my bf (M22) of almost 3 years
I can no longer stand my husband
A bit of a dilemma.
I have (25f) have a lot of anxiety about the near future and having to move out of my mom's (57f) house.
My relationships always end up abusive
(19M) I’m falling in love with a (20M) guy from my childhood but he is a jerk.
I think my gf is cheating on me with my best friend
Love problem
Do I finally leave?
Depressed over ex’s new relationship and its future
Women of Reddit, what do you do when your partner gets jealous because you have a very close male friend you've known for years?
GF (F27) and I (M31) split up recently and she wants me to keep her dog.
I [20M] want to help my GF [20F] with her family arguments
Delicate question: should he let me see his phone?
My [26F] boyfriend [29M] keeps making comments about my eating.
A bit of a dilemma.
(19M) I’m falling in love with a (20M) guy from my childhood but he is a jerk.
I (28f) need encouragement to break up with my boyfriend of 2.5 years (39M)
I think that my gf is cheating with my best friend
I’m a college student and I can’t stand coming home to my parents’s house.
Friend always vents to me but I can’t vent to her
Friend always vents to me but I can’t vent to her
Have you ever suddenly unfriend your ex (on social media) for no reason although you two broke up about a year ago? Why?
I [20M] am annoyed with GF's [20F] treatment of her
How do I talk to girls and get some game
I ( 20 f) have been single my whole life , how can I feel less lonely ?
I’m falling in love with a gay friend from my childhood, but he is a jerk.
How's your relationship with your brother?
Delicate subject: should he let me go through his phone?
How's your relationship with your younger brother?
Forever alone. Forever Unloved.
All about the origin of 14 February valentine day and Who was Saint Valentine
I (16F) am feeling depressed and my friends are treating me like shit
Boyfriend [22M] doesn’t initiate sex with me [20F] anymore, and rejected me on Valentine’s Day.
My father (54M), a pedophile, has died, and family wanted me (21F) to come to his funeral. I said no and now am getting ambushed by family online which is affecting my business.
How often do you sleep with your partner?
Delicate subject: should he let me go through his phone?
I (21F) have jealous thoughts over my boyfriends (26M) ex.
I'm [25M] wondering how to approach something I saw on my new girlfriend's [29F] phone
Am I overreacting? Jealously issues over ex. 21F + 26M
Why does my (25M) boyfriend tell me (25F) when other girls try to take him home with them, and then proceeds to tell me one of them was his type?
I (16F) am depressed and my friends are treating me like shit.
Why does my (25M) boyfriend tell me (25F)when other girls hit on him at his work and then tell me one of them was very attractive?
I (25F) am developing feelings for a female friend (25F) while in a long term (4 years) relationship with my boyfriend (26M). I don’t know what to do and if I should reveal my true feelings to my friend and boyfriend.
Is my (36f) past trauma keeping me from a healthy relationship with him (40m)?
Hair stroking. Do you like having your hair stroked? Does the texture of your hair impact your feelings for or against? Pleasurable or cringeworthy?
What's it with women with the character not having the body and with the body not having the character?
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) won't stop making jokes about my sexual assault
Am I in the wrong for moving on fast
Invite a girl over(f18), or stay home by myself(m19)
Delicate subject: should he let me go through his phone?
Invite a girl over(f18), or stay home by myself(m19)?
Am I in the wrong for moving on?
Robô Automatico De Vendas Como Criar Um e Ter Vendas Diariamente
Invite a girl over, or stay home alone?
What do guys who are politically and socially informed, poetically and verbally inclined, good at computer science, the kind that keeps staring at a space like a weirdo, mysterious af and devilishly handsome and neatly dressed like? Bc damn i want you so bad
Were my friends in the wrong?(18/19M)
Valentine’s Disaster
Update: How to go about asking a girl [19F] on a date when I [19F] don't know if she's into girls?
Parents (40s) have falsely accused me (M22) of stealing my brother's (M12) money
text chemistry to get him shake with obsession- - sweet romance tricks
My ex broke up with me and now she started texting me out the blue, HELP ME IDK WHAT TO DO 🤔 I’m a 17M and she’s
Dumped the day after V-Day
Was I emotionally cheating?
My ex broke up with me and now she started texting me out the blue, HELP ME IDK WHAT TO DO 🤔 I’m a 17M and she’s 17F
Was I emotionally cheating? Please advise.
happy valentines..not
Does my friend (m19) have feelings for me (m20)?
My ex broke up with me and now she started texting me out the blue, HELP ME IDK WHAT TO DO 🤔
My (18F) boyfriend's (18M) best friend (18F) is causing me to become upset in the relationship
Met someone at University
Lack of Adventure
Porn in a Relationship
I'm [20M] and there's zero intimacy in person and long distance with [19F]
I [20F] don’t know how to reassure my boyfriend [24M] that I don’t care about his hairline
Dumped the day after V-day
Was my ex abusive?
I’m too distant from my friends.
After almost 7 years of being together my wife came out as a lesbian
I(17M) am really lost in my relationship with my best friend (18F)
text chemistry to get him shake with obsession- - sweet romance tricks
How to deal with feeling unappreciated/unwanted in a relationship
How to deal when feeling under-appreciated?
Am I (21m) oblivious to hints my friend (19f) may be making or am I just overthinking things? Also Is there maybe an unhealthy obsession or something else going on with me?
When was the last time you liked a girl that another friend liked and the friend found out she liked you?
My(27f) best friend (28m) hiding things (from me)
I [21F] ran into my abusive ex [27M] on VDay and he decided to sit down at my table.
20M How do I tell if I like someone for who they are or if I just miss being in a relationship?
I [20 M] fell in love with a [19 F] young escort
20M How do I tell when I've gone from just wanting to be in a relationship to liking someone for who they specifically are?
Am i ruining my relationship?
I [20 M] am falling in love with a [19 F] young escort and I don’t know what to do
20
Difficulty with my (M27) wife (F27) and antidepressants (Cymbalta)
Am i ruining my relationship?
I'm [20M] and our long distance relationship with [19F] has zero intimacy or desire, even when we're together.
Difficulty with my (M27) wife (F27) and antidepressant (Cymbalta)
I love my relationship but her sexual past bothers me
My [21F] BF [24F] didn't get me anything for Valentine's Day
Getting off on competition
I love my relationship but my insecurities and depression makes it hard
Getting off on competition.
I (19F) called my group partner (20M) disgusting
How to help my boyfriend through his depression and body dysmorphia
Unhealthy arguments
Breakup on Valentine’s Day in a Museum
I'm (28F) having sexual dreams about my friend (30M) of 7 years even though I'm married and have a baby
Vday troubles with hubby
Need some advice and insights
My boyfriend (21) teases me all the time
How do I make my friend see her flaws?
I’m worried about my roommate. I know she’s an adult and I’m not her mom, but I want to help her.
How do I make my friend see her flaws?
my boyfriend teases me everyday
Guy (30/m) I’m (28/f) dating is kind of awkward via text but I don’t know what to make of it. He’s a gentlemen nonetheless
Inspiration on ways to tell my mother that I’m getting back with my ex of 3 years of whom she hated
Need some advice or new insights
I(23f) miss my boyfriend (24m) of six months so much that my chest hurts. Is this a good or bad thing?
Is missing someone so much that your chest hurts a good thing?
This girl is confusing me
How can I tell my boyfriend (23M) that his lack of sentimentality can hurt me (22M) sometimes?
How lord masuka brought my bf back after a tragic breakup
Is my (24F) boyfriend (25M) a narcissist or am I a bad girlfriend?
Hubby and i vday trouble
Me [27]M and my GF [24] are always at her parents house doing nothing
I’m [20M] in love with my closest friend [20F] and don’t know what to do
Please help
Toxicity
I 26[M] have a lingering fear that I can't keep someone close to me. I have no desire to see or interact with family, which I attribute to my upbringing
pretty sure i’m heartbroken
Should I (M22) get over him (M21) or keep trying?
How do I tell my parents and family I’m getting back with my ex of 3 years?
My (21F) boyfriend's (25M) emotions seem to be dragging me down with him...
Breakup on Valentine’s Day
I need to vent. Do we only have one true love in our life? I hope not
Please help
how do you leave someone toxic?
Question y’all. Serious note.
Should I (M22) get over him (M21) or keep trying?
Should I get over him or keep trying?
Let’s settle this debate once and for all folks!
A year of dating and never realising the real side of my partner.
I (28M) didn’t buy a gift for my wife (30F) for V-day.
Hubby and i valentines day problem
My Girlfriend is Becoming Exponentially More Religious Every Day…and it Might Get in the Way of Our Relationship next. I Feel Like an Enabler, how do I Tell Her to Tone Down Her Religiousness?
My boyfriend HATES me doing acro yoga
My boyfriend HATES me doing acro yoga
Is it time to move on or keep trying?
My Girlfriend is Becoming Exponentially More Religious Every Day…and it Might Get in the Way of Our Relationship next. I Feel Like an Enabler, how do I Tell Her to Tone Down Her Religiousness?
Would it be wrong to break up with someone because you hate their father?
lmao im the worst
Gay guy in a relationship
Should I (M21) confess my feelings for this girl (F25) who confuses me?
Was communicating my sexual needs sexual abuse? (22f,24m)
A year of dating and never realising the real side of my partner.
Me [M36] with friend [F27] and I suspect she's using me to emotionally cheat on her boyfriend. What should I do?
How Lord Masuka brought my bf back after tragic breakup
Should I (M21) confess my feelings for this girl (F25) who is confusing me?
I (28M) Didn’t get my fiancé (30F) a V-day gift. She is ready to leave on a drop of a dime.
Me [M36] with my friend [F27], I suspect she's emotionally cheating on her boyfriend with me and keeping me as a sort of backup
How can I (20F) approach my parents to talk?
How do I get my (adult) roommates to do chores and keep the apartment clean?
Classic still in love with my sort of ex- not sure it's a normal situation, need opinions
How can I (20F) approach my parents to talk?
My (f24) boyfriend (m25) left me and then blocked me everywhere
My friend (F 28) won't call me (M 27) by my first name because her boyfriend (M 30) and I share the same name.
Two weeks ago, my friend [31M] opened up to me [35F] about his past relationships which involved cheating and ever since then I've started losing respect towards him.
My (24 F) boyfriend (28 M) asked if I'm mentally ill
M21 I dont trust my gf20
My (F24) boyfriend (M25) left me and then blocked me everywhere
My (F24) boyfriend (M25) left me and then blocked me everywhere
Lost my friend after five years of friendship
I (28F) have sexual dreams about my friend (30M) of 7 years even though I'm married and have a 4 month old baby.
My (30 m) husband doesn't understand the importance of living close to family. (F31)
Think your Valentine’s Day sucked? Here’s mine [28m] [24f]
I don’t know what I’m doing wrong
F dating another girl, mid 20s, trying to figure out if she’s mean, abusive, or I’m sensitive
Should I accept to talk to him?
My friend (F 28) won't call me (M 27) by my first name because her boyfriend (M 30) and I share the same name.
Husband [36M] of 10 years lived in a different country for past five years pursuing a citizenship, then ghosted me [35F] for nearly a year today when I found his dating profile and told his parents. He is now back and wants me to give him another go. I don't think I have it in me to do that.
My [25F] boyfriend [29M] is mad at me for having a panic attack and fearing he roofied me.
How can I (36M) navigate a better relationship with my (62) yr old intolerant father?
Help! How can I surprise my long distance boyfriend (20m) on our anniversary day???
Husband (34) on his phone A LOT
Is this an abusive relationship? Wtf do I actually do?
Should I accept to keep taking to him?
I started off wanting to say I miss my parents, and/or I miss having parents. And wanting to describe that feeling of not feeling tethered to the earth anymore. I couldn't describe it so I tried to picture it.
How can I (36M) navigate a better relationship with my (62) yr old intolerant father?
Tl;dr After my husband’s (32M) infidelity, I (25F) still want to get back together but I don’t know how to forgive him.
I hope you see this, love. No more toxicity between us. Promise; at least mine to you and myself. I put it as a spoiler in case you don't want to. You're strong regardless. ♥ TL;DR at top!- Skip all of this and tell me whether or not I should post publically knowing she may see it because we hav
Cold shoulder or misunderstanding with new roomate?
Ex acting kinda strange
Girlfriend (F22) wants me (M22) to move in with her parents
After my husband’s (32M) infidelity, I (25F) still want to get back together but I don’t know how to forgive him.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6cJoCzNX-s
Valentine’s Day a Commercial holiday or just a day to over think your relationship?
How do I help my boyfriend understand that my sister is overstepping her boundaries and grabbing his attention inappropriately?
How do I help my boyfriend understand
Do I (20F) fear rejection or maybe she (21F) just doesn't want me?
Cold shoulder or misunderstanding with new roomate?
I sent nudes to a girl on Valentines Day in sexual weakness when I already have a girlfriend. Please help :(
I [28F] am the one who always goes out of her way to see my gay best friend [25M]
I'm [24M] ready for breaking up 9-years relationships with 24F
I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep when I’m in a relationship?
Whenever I’m in love I can’t fall asleep or stay asleep?
I hope you see this, love. No more toxicity between us. Promise, at least mine to you and myself. I put it as a spoiler in case you don't want to. You're strong regardless. ♥
I (24F) am a terrible person in relationship and I don’t know what to do
My boyfriend (M26) does not say I love you to me (F24)
Is it just me
Had an abortion 2 years ago with an “ex”, just found out he’s hooking up with my roommate
HOPELESS?
I THINK IM HOPELESSLY IN LOVE
I don't care
I (23M) would like to propose to my girlfriend (25F) but can not afford the ring... and worry about her liking it later
Had an abortion with my “ex” (21m) 2 years ago, just found out he’s hooking up with my roommate
I don't care
My husband blames me for everything
How can I (36M) navigate a better relationship with my (62) yr old father?
How can I (36M) navigate a better relationship with my (62) yr old father?
I 27(F) really care for a man 33(M) and I can't tell if he wants more with me.
Ending a toxic friendship
I hope you see this, love. No more toxicity between us. Promise, at least mine to you and myself. I put it as a spoiler in case you don't want to. You're strong regardless. ♥
I (m18) have once again come for advice!
I walked out on my pregnant girlfriend 2 nights ago.
My (M26) boyfriend is not intimate with me (F24)
Should I (19 F) tell my friend her father (50s M) hit on me?
My[23/F] boyfriend [25/M] keeps buying me expensive gifts. I like it but it's uncomfortable.
Boring relationship
valentines day got me acting different
My (24M) girlfriend (22) went silent (her way to be mad) after she kissed me for the flower i gave her before i invited her for dinner, she was the whole way to dinner and said i hurt her feelings, she offered a watch this morning.
Think you had a bad Valentine’s Day? Here’s mine [28m]
Ratan Tata Reveals His Love Story
My (24M) girlfriend (22) went silent (her way to be mad) after she kissed me for the flower i gave her before i invited her for dinner, she was the whole way to dinner and said i hurt her feelings, she offered a watch this morning.
My (20M) partner (19NB) takes rejection very personally
I [27 F] don’t want to hang out with an older woman [31 F]
Am I exaggerating? Never received any gifts from bf (30)
Happy valentines...not
My girlfriend (F20) stormed out on valentines and now won't speak to me
Your rose's are red, my game is better, I've had my fill, now I'm off to bed
[Non-Romantic] My sister (29 F) is getting married and I (22 M) not too happy about it.
Mixed signals
Am I (F,23) overreacting or is this actually harassment ?
[F21] what went wrong? Did I come off as too strong/easy/available?
Need help. I am struggling to understand things with this guy! He's 27/M and I am 35/F.
Why does my [23M] girlfriend [23F] of 4 years deal with bad experiences by completely shutting down? How can I help her?
Blocked
Why do some people react in such a bad way when something bad has happened? How can I help someone like this?
Anticipation
Blocked
Roommate (23F) brings her bf around every weekend. Can I say anything?
I [27M] have a really complicated relationship with a [22F] girl with weird intimacy issues
Hooked up with a guy who I lost virginity to and now I’m emotionally attached.. should I text him again?
I hooked up with a guy who I lost my virginity with .. I became emotionally attached to him should I text him again
Do I (20F) fear rejection or maybe she (21F) isn't the right girl for me?
Valentines day heartbreak
He [24 M Bicurious] seems interested in me [22 M Gay] but I don't know...
Valentines day heartbreak
Ambiguous relationship with girl with attachment/intimacy issues, HELP!
I (21F) am really attracted to one of my closest friends (27M) and want him to be my first, but it's a REALLY awkward situation
It makes me (22X) uncomfortable when older friends constantly ask me for advice
I’m not sure why my friend doesn’t want me to know she’s pregnant
Did i take advantage of her?
Valentines day breakup
Need some relationship advise
Need some relationship advice
Did i take advantage of her?
The man I've (31f) been seeing (34m) seems to never understand anything I say.
Did i take advantage of her?
I am so frightened
My boyfriend (19M) of 3 years wants to stop being intimate with me (19F) until marriage
Messed up a great friendship, help me fix it
My (f25) Boyfriend (m28) of four years spied on our neighbour (f20s?) from our window
Why do I feel nauseous ?
Is my(M23) ex (F21) trying something?
This girl (21F) and I (20F) went to Asia together and confessed our feelings for each other
How to co-parent?
Me(14M) and my crush(15F)
Was this a huge mistake?
how bad of a mistake was this
Me(14M) and my crush(15F)
Me(14M) and my crush(15F)
Unreal Expectations for Valentine’s Day?
D
Greek Girl (20F) wants me (20M) to be more aggressive with her, but I'm not sure exactly how
Girl (20F) wants me (20M) to be more aggressive with her....but how?
I(25f) just found out my bf(25m) has been writing song lyrics about his ex(27f)
Unconditional love
Am I missing hints?
Am I missing hints?
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) got in a huge fight with me over text when she was drunk. I don't know what to do. Help please
Me (24)M high on Mdma upset, that my partner, (20)F also high on Mdma just went to bed without sex.
Got in a huge fight over text with my (20M) girlfriend (20F) while she was drunk and I don't know what to do. Help please
BF messaging other women
My [25M] girlfriend [21F] overprotective and became jealous last night
[M28][M38][Just met] He doesn't listen, interrupts and judges based on what *he thinks* I was going to say
Let's have a threesome
[M28][M38][Just met] He doesn't listen and he judges based on things I haven't said. Is this bad enough to get out of it before it gets serious?
Me M21 doesn't feel loved by F20
My [25M] girlfriend [21F] became overprotective of me
My bf (28m) started to lose feelings for me(23f) and I dont know how to go from here
I (23M) left my ex for my new girlfriend (22F) and she's suspicious of me going back
My friend [24M] saved all the texts I [21F] sent him and I don’t feel comfortable about it
Gf (F 21) breaks up with me (M 21) because she can't open up
How To Make New Friends Outside Of Work Or With Strangers?
We should Learn From These Celebrity Couples How to Achieve #couple-goals
On Valentine’s Day, Man Brings Roses To Hundreds Of Widows, Single Women And Military Spouses
Do guys stalk social media as well? Haha just want to know
Me and mine dont factor unless I make an issue of it.
What do I do? Trigger Sexual Harassment / Abuse?
My gf (F 21) and I (M 21) broke up because she thinks im too good for her
I (28m) am wondering whether to continue a relationship with (25f) after a period of radio silence.
Me(14M) and my crush(15F)
Me(14M) and my crush(15F)
I (28m) am wondering whether to continue a relationship with (25f) after a period of radio silence.
She (27f) keeps calling me (29m)
She keeps calling me a different name
Girl texting dry
I (24) made a joke about my boyfriends (25) favorite Instagram whore (32) and he got offended?
There is this girl at school...
My (23F) manipulative ex (29M) wont leave me alone
A one sided relationship
(F26) my boyfriend (m29)wont take me out on dates after multiple conversations on how he is taking me for granted.
My (28m) boyfriend (37m) is seeking gratification through online messages.
Am I looking at things wrong?
How the HELL do I stop getting jealous?
A one sided relationship
Am I (M28) an idiot for wanting to date other people before I get back with my ex (F30) for a fifth time and stay with her for good?
(F26) Dating my boy friend (m29) for over 3 years but he makes no effort to take me out.
It is clear my (27F) relationship (26M) will never go anywhere. How do I go forward?
Am I over reacting?
I (35M) could use some advice please.
where can i ask advice about co-parenting?
Am I over reacting?
Any advice for a guy. [M35] who can be a bit intense?
Just another Valentine's day story
I (36M) need some advice.
Another Valentine's day story
I (21M) am feeling ignored by a close friend (21F) Should I bluntly ask her the reason?
In need of an objective point of view
I (f,27) feel like Im losing faith in men, and being unfair to my boyfriend (26)
I (36M) met a woman (33) and I don’t know what the hell is wrong with me.
I [18,M] am being verbally abused by my parents.
I (36M) have been talking with a woman (33) and I don’t know what the hell is wrong with me.
My (20M) GF(19F) broke up with me. On Valentine's Day. Over Snapchat. FML
Ive (19M) been in a happy stable relationship with my gf of 2 years but i am constantly attracted to my ex girlfriend.
I (35M) need some advice please.
In need of an objective point of view
im (22F) stuck on a troubled guy (20M) with lots of baggage, i always want to try and help even though he doesnt deserve it
Should I [21M] pursue my [21F] coworker?
I [18,M] am being verbally abused by my family.
can I ask my ex to delete the pictures of me on his social media?
Husband (33) on phone all the time
Abusive then mentally abusive relationship
I (21M) hate Americans (serious)
Should I pursue coworker?
Need to solve a housing problem (with 6 people involved) that's become a HUGE mess
My family is verbally abusive and I can't take it anymore.
Whats your policy on venting/getting advice from friends or family about relationship issues?
How lord masuka brought my bf back
Abusive mentally and physically
My (28F) boyfriend (34m) of 2 years bought me a Walmart gift card for Valentine's Day. What does this mean?
My (27F) parents (66F, 63M) are terribly upset about my tattoo
My (24/f) long distance boyfriend (30/m) isn’t letting me break up with him, saying “I don’t want to let you go” ?
I (21M) hate Americans
I sleep better when my girlfriend is in my bed?
How to navigate a college housing situation that's become a HUGE mess
My partner (27F) told me out of the blue recently that she’s thinking about a breakup (27M) over my past mistakes
My partner (27F) is considering breaking up with me (27M) over past mistakes (from a long time ago)
Me [28 F] with my boyfriend [30 M] of four years, I want to break up with him because of my chronic pain
Boyfriend (19M) wants to do something that he and his ex used to do together a lot with me (19F)?
I am a clown
Losing my girlfriend? Where am I?
I (18m) just had sex with my long time best friend (18f)
Woman keeps looking down my junk?! Rude...
(25f) My (23m) boyfriend wont listen to me when I talk about my childhood and cuts me/changes the subject when I do.
(25f) My (23m) boyfriend isn't willing to listen about my childhood.
Is it bad that it bothers (25f) me that my (22m) boyfriend doesn't care to hear at all about my past.
Dealing with annoying parents and Tinder
norms among adult Latina friendships
what should i do about my ex?
My bf (m 35) has not proposed to me (f30) after being together for 5 years
Ex Left Flowers w/o note on Valentine’s Day
Stuck in my old ways
My brother (16M) came home with bloody knuckles and I (18M) am worried about him
GF [21 F] texted her ex (kinda) saying happy Valentine’s Day, I’m [19 M]
stuck
I [19M] have an irrational fear of my girlfriend [19F] cheating on me, please help!
I have an irrational fear of my girlfriend cheating on me, please help
tl;dr my (27f) boyfriend (26m) is racist
broke up with girlfriend, don’t know what to do
Married couple (F42) (M44) looking for someone to hang out with in the Dallas Texas area.
I'm (22F) living with my partner (23M) and found out he cheated on me.
Is this what they call taking the high road?
What dies he meant by this?
I (19) was too nervous to ask out this girl (18) at work on valentines day
Unsure if I should break up with my girlfriend
my (27f) boyfriend (26m) is kind of racist
I (21 M) trying to stay strong with GF’s (27 F) extremely slow pace.
She the one
Why am I so incapable of getting my (24m) gf (24) valentine's day gifts? (how can I make it up to her?)
My (20F) boyfriend (19M) of 2 years didn’t get me anything for valentine’s day...
My (24/f) long distance boyfriend (30/m) isn’t letting me break up with him, saying “I don’t want to let you go” ?
real talk
I am confused
At a cross roads and need help with my bf (ex?)
What does he meant by this?
my niece [15] is struggling and I don't know what to do
What does he mean by this?
My (F17) best friends(F17) boyfriend(M19) is harassing me.
I [M22] want to move in with my girlfriend[F25] but my mum [F47] hates the idea and me.
Married couple looking for fun in the Dallas Texas area. MFF MFM
Is this taking the high road?
I [M22] am moving out with my girlfriend [F25], and my mother [F45] feels betrayed.
my boyfriend (M19) doesn’t want me (F17) to talk to him when I am sad
My bf (40m) is in the hospital and is currently a cranky jerk to me (33f)
At a cross roads and need help with my bf(ex?)
People frequently call me other people’s names.
UPDATE:My mom is sad that I (17M) chose my dad over movie night with my step siblings
Spouse just dropped a bomb on me
Just a positive note for Valentine's day
Pregnant?
How do I know
21F Can't Seem to Avoid Abusive Relationships, Think I'm Cursed
I have a Question about an Ex(21)?
Boys will be boys?
Drifting apart
Friend Hungout With EX
Am I (21F) being dramatic for feeling disappointed in my BF (23M) on Valentine’s Day?
What do I do about them?
I (25F) am about to sit down and talk to my partner (23M) of 5 years about his Anger management. Need advice.
Help?
For those that instigated the break up with their ex. When did you know and HOW did you KNOW you tried 110% but ultimatley had to put yourself first by letting them go?
Is it wrong for me (21F) to feel disappointed for not getting much attention from BF (23M) on Valentine’s Day?
The Dark Truth Behind Valentine's Day.
Friend dating ex?
I (17M) think I lost a chance with a really special girl
My boyfriend [22M] and I [21F] have been together for 6 years and I'm not sure if I want to break up with him because I dont love him anymore or because I need some time to grow up by myself
I [23M] don’t know wtf is wrong with me
Hit up my girl
I (17M) think I lost a chance with a really special girl
I think I missed out on a chance with a really special girl
What is the cheating scandal of the host? Logan Paul’s friends mike Majlak
I got a new job and I’m (26 F) about to LIGHT UP my HR manager (40F) in an email to corporate...but im starting to feel petty?
Valentine's day....
Feeling Guilty for maybe liking someone else (22F 3 Year Relationship)
I want a divorce.
I want a divorce.
My (M31) GF (F26) of 2 years just told me that she is seeing someone else.
My husband (37M) and I (33F) are expecting our first baby in 4 weeks. Today, my brother in law (37M) came over with my mother in law (70F) to ask us to cosign on thousands worth of loans for said brother in law.
my boyfriend (M19) doesn’t want me (F17) to talk to him when I am sad
My (M31) GF (F26) of 2 years Just told me that she is in a relationship with another guy
One of my (F25) closest friends (F25) didn’t invite me to her wedding
7 Red Flags | How To Gauge Healthy Relationships
One of my (F 25) best friends (F 25) didn’t invite me to her wedding.
I’m (30M) torn between loyalty to my wife (34F) and personal peace of mind
Single Awareness Day
Should I get drunk and call my ex?
need advise
My [26M] fiancee [25F] constantly complains about how I react to her art.
Help! Am I being unreasonable?
7 Red Flags | How To Gauge Healthy Relationships
I (M18) don't know if I made the right decision about breaking up with my girlfriend (F19). I'm having a hard time understanding if we were actually incompatible, or if it only seemed that way. I'm young and naive and could really use advice.
When he says...
7 Red Flags | How To Gauge Healthy Relationships
My boyfriend never wants sex?
AITA-- I (21 M) created an increasingly detailed horror mythos to scare my girlfriend (19 F) revolving around the ‘corner man.’
Am I asking too much?
Single Awareness Day
I (20F) want a relationship but I check if I can have as much sex and comfort from a guy first before wanting to develop a deeper and real relationship and discussing common interests.
AITA—I (21 M) created an increasingly detailed horror mythos to scare my girlfriend (19 F) revolving around the ‘corner man.’
I (28/F) am sick of my (26/M) boyfriends smelly ass and messiness. Am I being too particular?
How Can I (27F) Help My Boyfriend (29M) Feel Better About His Erectile Dysfunction?
My Best Friend (19F) and I (22M) both love each other but she feels that we would be dating for marriage and she still wants to have "fun"
Single Awareness Day
My boyfriend never wants sex
My [20 M] GF [19 F] got mad at me for unfollowing her ex's girlfriend on her ig account
Husband: What do you want to do for Valentines? Me: bedroom time with you is all I want, and I can’t wait!
I (28/F) cannot stand my boyfriend's (26/M) messiness and smell sometimes
My [M27] wife [F26] has been feeling depressed lately and I don’t know what to do
Need some brutal advice
Do you think my (24F) ex (20M) has talked bad about me?
I [mid 30s F] and nontraditional student reported my boss/professor [40sM] for bizarre behavior and weapons violations. Some of my previous "colleagues" [late teens-early 20s] are upset and bringing middle school level behavior into shared spaces. How do I handle this gracefully?
My [M27] wife [F26] has been feeling depressed lately and I don’t know what to do
How can I (F27) strike up a convo with him (M30) after not speaking for a year
Help on how to actually keep my gf
Relationship issue
7 Red Flags | How To Gauge Healthy Relationships
A coworker (24M) just came onto me (25F). I'm not interested, and not comfortable around him anymore. How do I proceed?
A coworker (24M) who could have been a friend just came onto me (25F). I'm not interested. How do I proceed?
V-Day Fail
My bf is upset his hs crush like him at the time
Boyfriends in Disney, AITA?
Wondering if I'm a narcissist
My boyfriend (m31) didn’t get me a Valentine’s Day present (f22)
Wondering if I'm a narcissist
Is the new woman (27F) I (27M) am seeing toying with me or just really indecisive?
Snapchatting Other Girls?
When did you realize you were done with your relationship?
I don’t know what to do about how I fell
I’m(25F) tired of my bf(27M) of one year, don’t know what to do
Men who have cheated: did you have feelings for “the other woman”?
I’m(25F) tired of my bf(27M) of one year, don’t know what to do
I don’t know what to do about how I feel
Am I a bad person?
Men who have cheated: did you have feelings for “the other woman”?
I don’t know what to do about how I feel
My daughter (17F) is being homophobic to her brother (15M)
Ghosted after 10+years together
My boyfriend was in an accident
I25 f need advice on how to not hop on in trains for people 25m, 10 years later getting over them.
Should I (29F) tell my ex (30M) That I am getting married?
It's OK to be alone on Valentine's Day and here's why
You shouldn't feel bad for being alone on Valentine's Day and here's why:
My boyfriend (23M) stood me (22F) up tonight after not seeing each other all week because he’s “too tired.”
Girlfriend [26] said she wasn’t physically attracted to me[23] at the beginning of our relationship.
Ghosted out of the blue after 10+ years
I hate my wife.
Girlfriend [26] just told me [23] that she wasn’t physically ttracted to me during the beginning of our relationship :(
Should I (24 f) be upset with my boyfriend (25 m) for ditching me on Valentine's to game with friends?
I got mad at my boyfriend at our first Valentine’s Day; am I overreacting?
Should I keep my 7-year relationship with my boyfriend?
Am I (23M) being ghosted by her? (26F)
I 25 f have troubles and need help with a person 25m who I didn't even think I still lives until I saw him and followed him blindly.
Wife told me that I should evaluate why I don’t have a single close friend/family in life and that it’s impossible for those who know me well to love me
Would you do this for your boyfriend if it turned him on ?
Should I continue my 7 years relationship with my boyfriend?
Am I (23M) being ghosted by her? (26F)
Dating with Asperger's has made communication norms with my (21/f) bf (22/m) a sort of labyrinth.
Me [27M] with my [26F] 2 mo, I learned today is dating somebody else
How do i (29 m) as my girlfriend (f 27) to pay for dinner
What should I do about my poor relationship with my mother?
Never heard or met anyone with my same experience, could use some help
Wife told me today that I should reflect on why I don’t have a single close friend/person in my life and that I make it difficult to love me
My (f20) Boyfriend (m24) didn’t do anything for me for Valentine’s Day.
Girlfriend just said she wasn’t attracted to me at the beginning of our relationship...am I wrong for feel a way about it?
I’m mad at my boyfriend on our first Valentine’s Day, am I overreacting?
I just want some help
Should I (24 f) be upset with my boyfriend (25 m) for ditching our Valentine's date to game with friends?
I25 f saw a person25m I loved for years and I don't want to love them anymore
I’m really hurt but maybe I shouldn’t be?
Dating with Asperger's has made communication norms with my (21/f) bf (22/m) a sort of labyrinth.
IS it a good or bad idea to let a 15 year old visit her mom who is in jail for seven motnhs?
Boyfriend prefers porn?
Me (20M) went over to another’s girls house drunk
GF broke up with me but still wants to be with me?
My boyfriend(25m) ditched me(23f) this Valentine's to game with friends, should I be mad?
Social media issues 🤦🏽‍♂️(22m, 19f)
I am so hurt but I can’t tell if I’m the asshole
Looking for advice
Need reassurance
I messed up (?)
Trying to forgive
My (26f) FWB (27M) didn't ask me to do anything with him for V-Day, although he did wish me a Happy V-Day. I feel annoyed for some reason. Is this normal?
My (26f) FWB (27M) didn't ask me to do anything with him for V-Day, although he did wish me a Happy V-Day. I feel annoyed for some reason. Is this normal?
My (26f) FWB (27M) didn't ask me to do anything with him for V-Day, although he did wish me a Happy V-Day. I feel annoyed for some reason. Is this normal?
(f/15) am i a bad person for not wanting to be friends with someone now they’re on antidepressants?
My (19/m) girlfriend (20/f) pretends to be married to her best friend (19/m)
Vday started out good now I'm fuming.
I messed up (?)
Boyfriend prefers porn?
Bday started out good. Now I'm fuming.
20 f confused about ghosting
29 (f) confused by 30(m) bf
VDay started out so good. Now I'm fuming.
Met a girl. Stopped talking because of something I can't influence. What to do?
36M worried about starting a new relationship
Help. Breakup.
I (M29) have been texting her (F29) for a month. Now what?
I (22F) need advice on breaking things off with my bf (30M)
Girl I really like says she needs some time for herself
Help. Breakup.
I (m/19) have a problem with my girlfriend/fwb's (f/20) best friend (m/19)
How to hint that I’m [F22] interested in a particular someone [M30ish]? Given the circumstances, should I even hint at it? What are some signs someone is into you?
Relationship advice
Typology of break ups?
Has anyone here met their GF/BF on Valentine's Day?
When dudes take interest in the architecture
Worried about starting a new relationship and want advice
crush lead me on and told me he liked me and was going for me then flirted with another girl infront of me, super awkward idk how to act:(
[24M] Spending Valentine's Day alone
[24M] Spending Valentine's Day alone
Did (28F) I screw things up because I hooked up with a former Co-worker (28M)?
We’ve been texting for a month - now what?
Spending Valentine's Day alone
Does my husband (26M) sexually coerce me (25F) or am I overreacting/overthinking it?
Am I (21m) overthinking things about my friend (19f) or is there maybe something? Also maybe I'm obsessed or something else?
Does my guy best friend like me?
Am I (21f) right in crying because my boyfriend (24m) didn't want to have sex on valentine's day?
Ex wants to be friends
Hooking up (13M)
Valentine's day breakup
Hooking up (13M)
How did your Valentine's day go?
My girlfriend hit me and I am not sure I am processing the right way
How can I (20 M) start flirting more with her (20 F) and ask her out?
I[29] feel my boyfriend[32] is being disrespectful to me
Am I (21M) oblivious to hints that my friend (19F) may be making or just overthinking things? Also am I unhealthily obsessed?
Can I(28F) and my bf(29M) have a functional relationship whilst I still having unresolved feelings for an ex(30M) ?
I have no clue how to cope with my (24m) girlfriend (24f) who hit me
A very confusing relationship with a girl [F18] who I [M19] met last month
Bf [26m] gives me "advice" from his co-worker [23f] but it's irrelevant and I [23f] don't care about her opinion
A very confusing relationship with a girl [F18] who I [M19] met last month
Mom (54) refuses to acknowledge our (26f & 23f) feelings towards her (in our opinion) abusive/asshole bf. I'm considering going NC but afraid I'll lose her forever.
My (20F) boyfriend of 1.5 years ditched me on Valentine's day to go play some game with his friends. He came to my place with a surprise, but I'm still upset and don't know if I'm overreacting.
I feel insecure
My father (49 M) always yanks my (21 F) toes!
My father (49 M) constantly yanks my (21 F) toes
Mom (54) refuses to acknowledge our (26f & 23f) feelings towards her (in our opinion) abusive/asshole bf. Considering going NC but afraid I'll lose her forever.
Colleague[26F] is lying to me [27F]
Does this sign indicates that she [23F] might be interested in me [24M]?
My Boyfriend is more than I expect!
Is it bad to go into a relationship for sex
My mom is letting me move back in but she's scared I'm going to burn the house down. What's a good compromise? [F25]/[F55]
Inserting dick after a blowjob
Reinserting after oral sex ,is the risk higher for getting pregnant?
husband doesn't add me on snapchat
I’m a pregnant ?!
HS School Relationship Advice
He is shy or not into me?
A different opinion needed
My boyfriend (27m) told me (26f) that he’s in love with me but doesn’t think were compatible.
Am I (23f) being gaslighted by my fiancé (23m)?
My (20/F) boyfriend (20/M) tossed the Valentine's Day card that I made for him in the backseat of his car, hasn't looked at it or opened it, and is acting really cold towards me right now.
Am I (23F) being gaslighted by my fiancé (23m)?
I F18 don't know what label to give a 6 month LDR
40(f) broke up with girlfriend (als0 40f) today, Valentine's Day. Any tips on how to get through this?
Am I being gaslighted or am I insane
So my (17F)crush just tagged me (17M) in a post. Does she like me too ? What should I do next ?
I (14F) got myself into a relationship with SO, (14M) and now regret it, thought I had feelings for him but I don't.
Is he shy or not into me?
Moving away from girlfriend for my job and afraid of leaving
How do you married folks get over a drastic difference in sex drive between you and your partner?
Girlfriend phubbed me during Valentines dinner I made for her, how to deal?
“She’s confused, nah she’s in love”
I F18 dont know what concrete label a 6 month LDR has
valentines day gift from an awesome boyfriend!
whats the right message to send to husband who won't add me on snapchat?
Helping a friend figure out if a guy is into her
What's a heart to do
Hello some randoms advice needed
I feel like I [25F] may be wasting my life on my partner [30M]
Helping a friend figure out if a guy likes her
Dad screwing my sister and me financially
I'm tired of competing with Netflix
Was taking steroid (29M) and became emotionally abusive to my partner (24F) now we don’t talk at all. Not even friends
Girlfriend’s phone use ruined Valentines Day
My [30f] boyfriend [29m] keeps lying to me about money
Moving away from girlfriend for my job and afraid of leavin
Who behaves like this?
Should I run?
Why am I (21F) so terrible at dating?
What's a heart to do
How can I (58F) tell boyfriend (50M) I saw the poor quality of his gift only after it was mailed to me?
i(21/f) still like my friend(23/f) after she rejected me
My [21M] friend [20F] has started flirting with me hard and I am not sure what to do
Is she bad gf material or just not the gf for me?
One night stand guilt
Was taking steroid (29M) and became emotionally abusive to my partner (24F) now we don’t talk at all. Not even friends
So my crush just tagged me in a post .. does she like me too ?? What should I do next ?
I (F20) always fall out of love 1-2 years into a relationship. Is there something wrong with me?
My [21M] friend [20F] friend has started flirting with me hard, I'm not sure what to do
My (29F) brother (24M) is behaving horribly in the days leading up to my mom's (61F) death and my father (65m) refuses to stop coddling him.
I (26M) broke up with my gf (31F) and am currently drowning in hurt and sadness.
(M-28) dating (F26) - Looking for advice on dating someone who's come out of a long-term relationship
A girl[26F] whom I am interested keeps lying to me[27M]
Women of Reddit - What is it like coming out of a long-term relationship and meeting someone new?
moon and sun
I’m wondering how I should ask out my crush on text messages (I’m 14 year old boy) best advice?
My mom is using me as a weapon against my dad
Today also coincidentally being our 13 month anniversary, I [M23] wrote a piano piece 🎹 inspired by Chopin and Beethoven for my girlfriend [F21] for Valentine’s Day! 💝
My [27M] girlfriend [24F] of 4.5 years threw out 100 roses and is screaming at me that this is the worst Valentine's ever and it's my fault.
How do I [23F] be a better friend?
30F bf is 10 years didn’t get me anything for Valentine’s Day ?
I am unable to cope with certain things, looking for advice. [both mid 20's]
[25M] introvert, married to [24F] extrovert
Today also coincidentally being our 13 month anniversary, I [M23] wrote a piano piece 🎹 inspired by Chopin and Beethoven for my girlfriend [F21] for Valentine’s Day! 💝
My (26f) partner has his (26m) head in the clouds; how to best break up
Me [23 M] loves to talk, so does my girlfriend [22 F] how do we not talk over one another.
(f/15) my friend said in front of me that she’s the ‘prettier friend’
(f/15) my friend said in front of me that she’s the ‘prettier friend’
I wrote a piano piece 🎹 for my girlfriend for Valentine’s Day!! 💝
[25M] Introvert married to a [24F] extrovert
How much space should I (21f) give him (24m)?
A short break really helped our relationship
My (26f) boyfriend (26m) has his head in the clouds about our relationship; how to best break up
I M(16) just caught feelings for my homies crush
I (21M) recently got dumped by my girlfriend (20F)
I (21M) recently got dumped by my girlfriend (20F) and I’ve never felt better
tl;dr How do I (24F) fix relationship with dad(55M)?
Just caught feelings for my homies crush
I'm falling for my (24m) best friend with benefits (25f) and I don't know how to move forward.
I(24f) am fed up with bf (24m)
How to offer words of support to an acquaintance(20something M) who just lost a loved one?
I(24F) am fed up with my bf’s(24M)
He (25M) always thinks I'm cheating on him which makes him break up with me (21F) often
Should I rekindle my [f/28] friendship with my "best friend" [f/28]
parents fucked me up
parents. real fucked up.
Countries most affected by breast cancer in 1990 2020
My [36 M] BIL [35 M] is in his first relationship with a [23F] and it seems to be extremely toxic
How can I (40s f) fire a babysitter 40s f)
My (18M) ex (18F) said that I'm too clingy, and I want to fix that.
25 year long friendship: what would you do?
Unsure of how to communicate with my(20F) parents( 57F 60M) effectively.
Is she interested?
How do I (22F) work through resentment toward my boyfriend (25m) for sketchy stuff he’s done? Is couples counseling worth it so young?
Is she not interested?
A long friendship: what would you do?
My BF (24M) was diagnosed with depression and broke up with me (38M)
How do I (20, M) get the confidence to ask out my crush (18, F)?
Breaking up after 6 years
How do I (20F) introduce my BF (21M) of a different religion to my dad??
I [24/f] am financially supporting my [26/m] brother and need advice on how to leave.
2 broken hearts
Is she not not interested ?
I [24/f] want to move away from financially dependent brother [26/m] but cant save up any money.
Breaking up after 6 years
Help guys I'm stuck
Do you base your current relationship on the way your parents or relatives behave in theirs?
My [27M] coworker [23F] is in a really bad situation and I have no idea how to help her
My (f22) ex-boyfriend's current girlfriend (f23) faked a pregnancy so he would leave me and commit to a serious relationship with her
My BF (24M) was diagnosed with depression, got on anti-depressants and broke up with me (38M)
I (24M) need some help with my love life
Breaking up after 6 years 💔
So I'm kinda stuck
I need some help with my love life
Girlfriend chose sister over me for vday
Rejected myself before being rejected
2 broken hearts..
My (31M) wife (29F) of 6 years went skinny dipping with her male co-worker (29M) and didn't tell me about it. Am I over reacting?
My [28M] girlfriend [27F] revealed she cheated on me after I told her I’d cheated on her, however she’s adamant hers doesn’t count because we weren’t “in love” and going through a rough patch. Is she right?
Am I right to suspect that my [25F] boyfriend [29M] of four years is possibly cheating on me or am I being completely paranoid?
what should i [F, 25] do about my coworker [M, 35] giving me a rose for valentine’s day when i have no romantic feelings for him?
That’s why they call it a “crush”
My advice for V Day
My [23F] coworker is in a bad spot and I want to help her but I [27F] can't think of anything
A single couple lmao
Am I in an abusive relationship?
(27f) Having a hard time distancing myself from overly dependent friends. Is it possible to remain amicable now that I am establishing independence?
my coworker got me a rose for valentine’s day and i don’t feel romantic feelings for him....what do i do?
My boyfriend lives in the house my friends mom died in
Am I [22M] justified in cutting off contact with my [61F] mother for refusing to apologize?
Need Advice Please
work place relationship.. what to do
Need Advice Please!!!
Un Fil Rouge Invisible Du Destin Relie Deux Personnes Qui Doivent Être Ensemble
Lonely hearts club right?
Need Advice Please
My (18 F) mom (47), keeps using my abusive ex (18 M) against me.
My (31F) wife (29F) of 6 years went skinny dipping with her co-worker and didn't tell me about it
My (18 F) mom (47), keeps using my abusive ex (18 M) against me.
My [23M] boyfriend doesn't want to spend time with me [23F] and would rather play video games.
How can i let my gf wear high heels when we are exactly the same height?
Should I stop being friends with someone because they support Trump?
Should I stop being friends with someone because they support Trump?
I (57F) received a cheap birthday gift by mail for my boyfriend (50M)
My saddest day is also my cake day
I (f21) had a threesome with a couple (m30 f30) and I think I destroyed their relationship.
How do (22M) i handle my (21F) gf who keeps ruining our relationship
My friend is dating a Psyco
My [28M] girlfriend [28F] of 8 years isn't interested in sex anymore
My girlfriend is scaring me
How can i handle my relationship with my gf?
My [19M] sort of GF [23F] has a history of bad relationships and abuse and is a dancer at a club. How can I be with her in a positive way for both of us given her history? I've already decided that I want to accept her as she is and be with her in whatever way is most healthy for the both of us.
Need Advice Please
My mom thinks it acceptable to blame me (18 F) for my (18 M) Abusive Ex, and I don't know how to approach her.
I (21F) have to move to my boyfriend’s (23M) country if I want to continue the relationship, but I hate everything about that country.
Need Advice
Me (F)25 and my bf (M)25 just broke up. We’re now in a 6 years of relationship.
Need Advice!!
I'm attracted to a coworker and I don't want to be
Idk if this is cheating or no
21 (F) and (23M) boyfriends back problems are ruining are relationship.
Idk if this is cheating or not
Terrified of confessing my feeling to a best friend
Boyfriend (M18) broke up with me (F18) but it seems like he didn't want to do it
EMBARRASSING BIRTHDAY PRESENT
Boyfriend (M18) broke up with me (F18) but it seems like he didn't want to do it
A little story
I'm attracted to a coworker and I don't want to be
My [32F] friend [38F] is passive aggressive and I have trouble maintaining boundaries. Tips?
How do I (19M) tell her (18F) this?
Boyfriend never does anything for Valentines
Friendship advice: my [32F] friend [38F] low-key shows disrespect but I don’t want to cut her out 100%. Boundaries?
Should I end it? 3yr relationship
Should I Pursue the Friendzone?
In a tough Spot Relationship of 3yrs
I just wanna know how this is possible
I (26M) am not sure if I want to keep on dating (25M) after discovering he slept with a woman in the past
Girlfriend (now ex because of the incident) dropped me for saying I liked Trump. Am I in the wrong here?
Need advice in a tough spot
How do I tell her this?
How do I know someone is flirting with me?
My[24M] girlfriend[24F] of 3 and a half years broke up with me.
Real low point in my relationship
How do I know if a man is flirting with me?
How can I (22m) make friends & talk to girls when I'm disabled & know no one around me?
I just started dating my best friend and i can feel a very intense tension between us. can i get some advice?
Change in visitation and child support. Must decide on whether to relocate, downsize, or stick it out.
I (M20) am very confused why my gf (F20) Is mad at me for asking her to be my valentine.
The girl I like and I had a very awkward encounter on Valentine’s Day
Exes' want to get back together.
I [28F] put up a facade in my relationships. I'm afraid of relationships because I dont want to be vulnerable.
Am I [23F] okay to feel the way I do about my [24M] boyfriend?
Valentines Confession
Valentines Confession
Happy friendzone day
Bad encounter with the girl I like on Valentine’s Day..
Bad encounter with the girl I like on Valentine’s Day..
Bad encounter with the girl I like on Valentines Day..
[20F] My mother [46] straight up denied the trauma she caused me because she “doesn’t remember it”
Broken trust and communication
Broken trust in a relationship
Can I get some comforting ideas?
Is older age really a guarantee for fidelity, emotional maturity etc?
(24F) My BF (28M) sexted his coworker.
Pooped on
The guy (28M) I'm seeing is sometimes a little bit aggressive and I (21F) don't know how to react with him
How can I carry on without the person I truly love?
Dad (52) is dating friend/coworker(18)
My (27f) boyfriend (29m) is cold and detached due to his depression. I want him to communicate vs dissociate.
Disappointing response from (25M) after hospital visit is making me (25F) rethink entire relationship
I really like this girl in class but I don't know how to say it
Women have right to cheat on a man!
My (27f) boyfriend (29m) is cold and detached when he is in a funk and it’s starting to hurt our relationship. I want him to communicate vs disassociate.
We’re spending Valentine’s on a road trip for a funeral. Any way to make it romantic?
Am I overreacting??
Developing feelings for my manager despite being in a good relationship, how do I stop?
Its Valentine's Day once again
I [23 M] just got dumped by my [24 F] girlfriend.
My (52 M) GF (37 F) of 3 years is involved in something I don't like
FWB?
My (52 M) GF (37 F) of 3 years is involved in something I don't like
In a long-term relationship but developing feelings for my manager.
My (27M) wife (25F) is a whore
Let's be careful out there...
I dont know whether to believe my boyfriend or not.
Me [23 M] just got dumped by me girlfriend [24 F].
Boyfriend didn’t do anything for V-day...
I’m on the verge of tears it feels like he doesn’t even care should I take his advice and walk away?
I think my girlfriend is living to me..... About something?
Disturbing relationship and aftermath with roommate [23f] [21f]
My [21F] friend [21F] said something extremely hurtful to me and I can't get over it
Hey kinda want advice on something
Me [30M] been living in my head trying to decipher if I ruined any chances with this woman [26F].
Not sure if I [F21] am bored of the person im seeing [M24] or if i'm just indecisive
Been living in my head trying to decipher if I ruined any chances with this woman....
My (24F) bf (25M) seems to overreact to every thing I do and it's starting to burn me out.
I [28F] want to befriend a girl [19-20F] in my diversion class
https://youtu.be/89sHRg7OutY
My (31/F) bf (23/M)'s family doesn't like me because I wrote bad things about him on FB
When will the urge to sleep with others go away?
Broken on Valentine's Day
I've become best friends with my father's ex's daughter (who used to be my stepsister) and my parents want to forbid us from talking
Is it weird that my (23) GF (24) talks to a married colleague over the phone for hours at a time?
Me [27 M] with my GF [28 F] of 4 years, I think I'm falling for my coworker and I don't know what to do about it.
Is it wrong for me (25F) to ask for more in my relationship?
SO[32M] and I[30F] have started fighting and arguing a lot, post-baby
Am I over-reacting?
SO and I have started fighting and arguing a lot, post-baby
I [23F] texted into work sick. My boss [50sF] is not being a good boss.
Do I [21M] tell my ex fiancée's [F19] boyfriend [M20s] she begged for me back?
Am I selfish for not wanting my partner to take a PhD?
Am I been selfish not letting my partner do a PhD?
Girlfriend broke up with me after 2 years for space
What do you do with your ex’s stuff/photos? (M,F20s)
I hate how he gets my hopes up.
What do you do with your ex’s stuff/photos? [M,F20s]
I keep getting the feeling from my family that God is punishing me for leaving my church? [28F]
Caught my BF (31M) trying to masturbate to photos of my (27F) friend, don't know if I can continue this relationship.
I (F23) sent my friend (M23) a gift for Valentine’s day .. Now I feel guilty because I don’t want it to be taken as a romantic gesture..
I (20M) am frustrated by what I see as a very trivial and near-sighted request that my longtime friend and current roommate (20M) is being extremely difficult about.
I'm (23f) seeing someone (24m) who just hasn't brought up valentine's day
Why do I [21F] struggle with dating so much?
How would you answer these questions? Me [40M] with my partner [40F] agree on all 3
Why don’t I [21F] like many guys and struggle with dating?
Time for a divorce? Confused and anxious
I'm (23f) seeing someone (24m) who just hasn't brought up valentine's day at all
Me and my boyfriend (20s) can't agree on a future family name and children surnames.
I just found out that my favorite person in the world lied to me
Is he (46m) using me (38f)?
valentine’s day fail
Toxic (32F) won’t let go of friendship
Asking girlfriend(28 F) to no longer have ex hang out with us. Does she still have feelings for him or am I (30 M) over-analyzing?
Girlfriend of two years broke up with me because she needed space
Happy Valentine’s Day everyone, who else day a terrible day
This is crazy for me but I need help
My (25/F) boyfriend's (25/M) ex (25/F) randomly forwarded me an email from when we had first started dating in which my boyfriend had said some pretty awful things about me.
Anyone else have a terrible Valentine’s Day ?
Who else had a terrible Valentine’s Day? 😅
I’m in a situation and need help
I’m in a situation
I feel free!
Her [22F] family doesn't like me [25M] so they banned her from seeing me. I messed up the first impression.
My (22F) husband (20M) constantly asks for nudes, and it gets annoying.
Am I [23F] overreacting about my boyfriend [25M]?
I (18M) pretend to be introverted but I'm not, I just can't make any friends, and I'm sick of it
I (18 M) can't seem to make friends and feel trapped
My[22M] girlfriend[21F] of three years took a two week mental health break and slept with another guy. Do I forgive her?
My (29F) girlfriend (31F) doesn't exercise and never will
My girlfriend (F22) cheated on me (M26) and attempted suicide out of guilt
I(M16)Need advice about a girl(F16).
My girlfriend (F22) cheated on me (M26) and attempted suicide out of guilt
Ex makes fake accounts F17 M18
Am I overreacting?
How can I [late20s/F] be there and be supportive of my long-distance boyfriend [30s/M] as he goes through a custody battle and losing his job?
I think my ex keeps making fake accounts
Need help with a situation, please!
I don't trust my mom and I don't know what to say to her
Need advice about a situation, please help.
I wanted my mom to die.
Every Valentines we prank each other
Question for those who are trying to get away from toxic people and prevent them from affecting your relationship
Girl(F14) Might Like Me(M14) and She Has a Boyfriend (M14)
How can I (30f) tell my mom (54f) that I have a particular travel plan without sounding like a jerk?
do you expect that your boyfriend gets you flowers on valentine’s day ?
I [22 M] miss my ex [20 F] and want her back
What can I do to fix the fact that my bf is blowing off Valentines Day?
I (27F) am getting annoyed with my husband (28m)
Europe trip this May
Should I pursue the friendzone?
Happy Single Awareness Day
Does this sign indicates that she [23F] might have interest in me [24M]?
Valentine's Day Love Fest!
Love Fest Extravaganza
My(F27) boyfriend(M27) lost his feelings for me.
My teen valentine surprise! I asked her out.
I (34F) am my Mother's (61) favourite person, closest confidante, feeling smothered. Any advice?
[28M] wife [24F]woman [23F]
Am I wrong to feel bad that my bf is blowing off Valentines Day?
Those of you who have been in bad relationships - how did it start and when did it go downhill?
Am I wrong to feel bad that my boyfriend is blowing off Valentines Day?
Every Valentine's we prank each other
LDR - My (F23) boyfriend (M25) dropped the ball on sending flowers to my work for Valentine’s Day. Am I being ungrateful?
I lost my (F18) best friend (F17) of 7 years because of her boyfriend (M19) of 10 months.
Me [24 M] with my girlfriend[25 F] of two years, thinks I've gone too far punishing my cheating ex
How should I choose: Girlfriend or School?
Potentially moving away for college
Potentially Going Away For College
Heart Broken on Valentines day
Bf(21m) is getting stressed about fear that this could last forever and its getting in the way of our amazing relationship.
I [26m] and SO [25f] of 3 years want to fix our sex life. I'm addicted to porn, and she's been abused in the past. Long text.
I (20F) don't know what to do with my bf (21M) anymore
Completely heartbroken on Valentines day
I am completely heartbroken on valentines day, what can I possibly do?
I (34) feel like I lost him (42) because I didn't play hard to get.
Girlfriend (20f) told me (21f) shes afraid of commitment
I (20F) don't know what to do anymore about my bf (21M)
Girlfriend (20f) told me (21f) shes afraid of commitment
Girlfriend (20f) told me (21f) she's afraid of commitment
Married too early...
Guns and roses
Sister [19f] drunkenly revealed some embarrassing info about me [21m] around friends.
How to go about asking a girl [19F] on a date when I [19F] don't know if she's into girls?
How do I convey to my friend that I am not keen on a relationship, but alright with being friends?
Bf(21) stressing over fears of commitment in the long term and it’s getting in the way of our amazing relationship.
I managed to save up what's left on my very tight budget for a gift but I didn't recieve anything
Girlfriend (20) didn’t tell me (21M) she was going to drink alcohol for the first time even though we tell each other everything. Right to be sad she didn’t tell me?
Girlfriend (20) didn’t tell me (21M) she was going to drink alcohol for the first time even though we tell each other everything. Right to be sad she didn’t tell me?
Expanding social circles...feeling uncomfortable and problems making new friends. (35M)
Am I a bad gf? (Non Valentine’s Day related)
(35M) Expanding social circles...feeling uncomfortable and problems making new friends.
I'm (28F) an introvert who's staying with my boyfriend's Mom (50sF) and Aunt (50sF), who are highly negative outgoing conversational narcissists
My [32M] wife [31F] of 4 years, took one pair of lingerie panties on a business trip.
Resentful towards parents
I (25F) cant seem to control my emotions around my fiance (25M) and lash out at times, need advice how to control this
(18F) is very mad at me [18m]
My dad is a pedophile. And I’m afraid that being his son I’m sick too. How do I move away from this feeling?
(18F) is very mad at me [18m]
I [16M] think my [16F] is making m feel depressed. I am having weird dreams and I don't know why.
I [16M] think my [16F] girlfriend is making me depressed. I am having weird dreams, it is driving me insane and I don't know why.
Just went on a date with a girl who told me a guy from her past wanted to kill her
My [19f] friend [21m] told me that he finds our text conversations monotonous and wants me to start conversations more often.
My (17M) girlfriend (18F) still wears a bracelet her last ex gave her.
Should I(M20) go out with my gf(F19) today?
Worth another shot, or should I just let it go and move on?
valentine’s day fail
Can't seem to successfully leave my toxic relationship? Why ? Because there is something wrong with me
Valentine's (m18) (f18)
Should I (25F) even do what I was planning for Valentine's day (25M)?
Last night my (27M) girlfriend (26F) of 4 years went off on me because I haven't proposed yet.
My (25F) girlfriend (29F) saw my texts of me talking about our issues to a close friend
A girl like (f18) asked me (m18) to he her valentine the night before, what should I do?
A girl I like asked me to be her valentine the night before what should I do?
I (m30) can't deal with my pregnant wife's (f28) lack of basic tidiness habits and whataboutism.
Me (18F) and my boyfriend (19M) are separated because of the coronavirus outbreak ;(
I don’t think my boyfriend is doing anything for me for Valentine’s Day...
My (23F) SO (29M)doesnt care about any holiday
Me (18F) have to be away from my boyfriend (19M) because of the coronavirus outbreak ;(
(21M) Second Valentine she bails valentines (23F)
Coronavirus affected my relationship :(
I rejected my best friend, now he doesn't talk to me. Commentary?
Where do I stand?
Boyfriend [M18] goes on drunken rampage and degraded me [18] over social media
told my GF about my rape and she barely responded
My (25F) girlfriend (29F) saw my texts of me talking about our issues to a close friend
Help for my (introvert, 29M) long distance relationship with my SO of 9 months (28F)
My [24/m] friend [22/m] died after being humiliated by an online catfish. Not sure what to do or how to feel.
Do any of you not get the warm early dating fuzzies anymore?
Toxic ex girlfriend still wants to ruin my life
DH is bringing down the home
Do any of you not get the warm dating fuzzies?
I (23M) am REALLY interested in an older woman (34F)
Possible pregnancy???
I [26 M] broke up with my [26 F] friend, two years after breaking up with her as a lover. This hurts more.
I (24M) am really interested in a much older woman (34F)
Boyfriend [M18] goes on drunken rampage and talks shit about me [F18] publicly.
I (F28) want to ask out a guy (M26) but I'm not sure his job would allow him to say yes. Should I risk it?
A "friend" said something to me and I don't know how to feel now.
Girl(F14) Might Like Me(M14) and She Has a Boyfriend (M14)
[25F] Going to be married to the love of my life [32M] in a month, but i might have to stop it now because of friends/family?
Расскажите истории о которых вы хотели молчать
My(24f) boyfriend(26m) touched me sexually while he was asleep
There are some concerning parts of my (34m) wife's (26f) demeanor as a parent. Detached and apathetic.
I (F24) am interested in a guy (M27) who works at my gym. Should I ask him out?
DH bringing the house down
I (21M) just ended a 3 year relationship with my gf (23F)
I (21 M) just ended a relationship of 3 years with my gf (23 F).
Do I still miss her?
Today is Valentine's Day, and these are the best Valentine's Day movies you can watch if you haven't planned something else for today.
What do I tell my friend??
I [24F] am getting married [30M] in less than a month, but should i stop it?
My(22F) friend(21F) is insecure/depressed and it breaks my heart. I think she hates me
I don't know how to feel about what my friend just said.
I wanted my mom to die.
Is it bad that I [22/F] have no friends?
My boyfriend is Bipolar
I don't know my heart is doing
Valentines day
He [44M] says he can't be around me [27F] because he can't control his lust for me.
I (35/M) want my (30/F) ex out of my apartment so I can move on with my life
I (19 year old M) have perpetuated a relationship with my coworker (18 year old F) for two months and didn't realize until a few days ago that I'm stuck in a romance-less relationship that I don't want to be in. Any advice?
Loneliness in relationships
KFCF At Large
Happy freakin' Valentines Day.
Help??
I am going to end my relationship. I am scared. Can you please give me some positive stories to reassure me?
It is valentines day in Japan and my wife expects me to do stuff. It is supposed to be my day.
Feeling empty during sex
In need of communication advice in romantic relationships
New boyfriends behavior really making me miss my ex. What do I do? F25 M26
I am going to end my relationship. I need positive stories please.
Should I (23F) contact my abusive family?
[21M] This is the second time she bails valentines day [23M]
My new boyfriend doesn’t treat as well as my ex and I’m regretting a lot. What do I do? F25 M26
Can ‘not’ drinking ruin a relationship?
Loneliness in relationships
My (24F) boyfriend's (23M) obsession with his exes is destroying my sense of worth
Should I [23F] be doing something for someone [24M] I’m seeing, but isn’t official with yet?
Can ‘not’ drinking ruin a relationship
I (25F) find myself lashing out at my fiance (25M) when I’m overwhelmed and stressed out
My girlfriend (20F) is really unhappy about me (21M) wanting for go on holiday with my lesbian best fiend (21F) of 15 years. Is she being unreasonable?
I (f23) had an argument with my brother in law (m49) and he banned me from seeing my nieces
Feeling of uneasiness
Should I communicate with my abusive family?
My girlfriend (20F) is really unhappy about me (21M) wanting for go on holiday with my lesbian best fiend (21F) of 15 years. Is she being unreasonable?
I(M14) told my crush(F14) that I like her
My[22M] girlfriend [21F] of three years took a two week mental health break from our relationship and slept with another guy. She wants to be with me again. Does she deserve me back?
I (20F) been with boyfriend (22M) 5 years, no engagement. Any advice for the depression?
I (20F) have been with my boyfriend (22M) for 5 years and we aren't engaged
Girlfriend (22) cheated on me (26) and attempted suicide.
Loneliness in relationships
My (F30) odd relationship with my mother (F50). Normal? Or... perhaps I'm a psychopath?
Girlfriend (22) attempted suicide for cheating on me(26).
Where can I [17M] have sex with my SO [17F] if we both still live with our parents?
Where do I [17M] have sex with my GF [17F] If we are both still living with our parents?
She [30F] is super sweet but I [17M] am super confused
Loneliness
Anxiety ruined my relationship
Pretty bummed on Valentines
Pretty bummed Valentines
I (17 f) just got out of a toxic relationship (1 yr), got cheated on by my ex (16 f). A friend (17 f) on whom I’ve had a crush on is getting closer to me, never leaves my side and makes sure I’m healthy and happy. What should I do? Make a move and risk losing a friend? Or should I keep it to myself?
I really love her but idk what to do:(
Feeling bummed on a first valentine
F (20) & M (22) did I make the right choice?
Did I 23M do anything wrong in regards to expressing interest in my 24F for a final time?
NEED HELP [M][18]
NEED HELP ASAP
I(M14) told my crush(F14) that i Like her
so my (22 M) girlfriend (18 F) constantly brings up shit from the past and it's getting tiresome
Does this sign indicates that she [23F] might be interested in me [24M]?
F (20) & M (22) did I make the right choice?
I need advice on what to do with my fiancé
My boyfriend’s (20) female friend (24) confessed her love for him.
my (21f) coworker (19f) makes me hate my job and i don’t know how to deal with her
My boyfriend’s (20) female friend (24) told him she loves him.
Hello ladies! What make an older woman prefer to have a relationship/sex with a way much younger man?
Not sure if this fight with husband is abusive or normal
I like my fwb, but....
Worried about abusive ex’s mental state— do I owe it to him to talk to him?
I [24M] need help after my ex [23F] discarded me
Husband acted to teach me a lesson, is this abusive?
Happy Valentine’s Day to all of you in loveless and/or abusive relationships. Here’s to hoping 2021 might be different for us.
Is it love? Is it friendship? Or is it lust?
How to tell my friends I need a break for a bit?
How do you know you made the right choice for a partner?
How I Feel About Relationships on Valentine's Day - The Scream
How do you know you made the right choice for a partner?
I (20F) have feelings for my best friend (21M) that I absolutely cannot share with him. I don’t want my feelings to develop any further but I don’t want to lose his friendship. What should I do?
I (20F) have feelings for my best friend (21M) that I absolutely cannot share with him. I don’t want my feelings to develop any further but I don’t want to lose his friendship. What should I do?
Update [M22] my ex [F24] left for another guy, am I taking your advice right / the steps
I (20 F) have feelings for my best friend (21 M), I absolutely cannot share these feelings and I don’t want them to develop any further.
My [23M] ex-girlfriend [23F] that has severe depression wanted us to have a second chance. She accused me of cheating when I admitted I was seeing someone when we weren't together. I feel constant remorse as well as being manipulated.
A question for people in relationships
Do manipulative people or emotional abusers realise how they are?
Do manipulative people or emotional abusers realise how they are?
My [23M] ex-girlfriend [23F] that has severe depression wanted us to have a second chance. She accused me of cheating when I admitted I was seeing someone when we weren't together. I feel constant remorse as well as being manipulated.
If you’re supposed to cut toxic people out your life, why do users on reddit get on your case for telling your partner their friends are toxic?
I need help deciding whether I should ask her out
Need help, I am very desperate
How do you differentiate settling and just wanting too much?
I need advice about whether I should attempt to start this relationship
I (23f) am having trouble understanding his girlfriend(25f)
Should I (35 F) tell my bfs (50 M) ex that he’s obsessed with her
Should I break up with my girlfriend(22F) because my family and I(21M) are going through a difficult time with my dad’s cancer and my big lifestyle changes?
Am I [28F] dating a gay man [32M]?
How Pursueing A Relationship too Early On and Needy Behavior Causes A Girl To Lose Attraction. Tips to avoid doing
I (M31) just got in a fight with my longtime friend (M34) because I'm dating my girlfriend (F31). Was I in the wrong?
Am I [28F] dating a gay man [32M]?
I (M31) got in a fight with a friend (M34) because I'm dating my gf(F31)
Guy at work won’t leave me alone
Should I break up with my girlfriend(22F) because my family and I(21M) are going through a hard time with my dad’s cancer and my big lifestyle changes?
What is wrong with me?
Guy at work won’t leave me alone
I [21m] would eventually like to go further with a relatively new friend [19f] without jeopardizing what we already have
Recent got out of a relationship and now feel unstoppable.
I (25M) nailed my wife's (22F) valentine's day gift!
Me [19M] I just met this girl and we kissed?
Please help, does she like me? (It's complicated haha)
Please help, does she like me? (It's' complicated haha)
My [16F] bestfriend [16M] is ignoring me. Help?
Should I move on or fight for love
My [16F] bestfriend [16F] is mad at me. What do I do?
Silent deed?! Uhhh
Am I wrong to feel anxious about an unknown girl giving my bf a present
Should I leave am I being dumb
Is it okay to get mad when your boyfriend doesn’t get you flowers on vday despite you telling him before (and a lot times) that you like flowers?
Did I [23f] make my ex [23m] want to kill himself?
Bf doesn’t spend time with me
I've perpetuated a relationship with a coworker that I don't want to be in, and didn't realize until it was too late. Any advice?
Wondering what to do. Me [F30] and my boyfriend [M32] having an altercation about sleep schedules. Any advice welcome
My (25F) girlfriend may have some serious mental instability issues that I (25M) have no idea how to handle.
Send words of encouragement
Please send encouraging words
Very sweet girlfriend is terrified of sex, want to continue being supportive but feeling frustrated
I (25F) am extremely distressed by how resentful I feel towards my immigrant parents (45F and 55M), am I a horrible person?
Wondering what to do. Me [F30] and my boyfriend [M32] in an altercation about sleep schedules and who should be compromising more (and maybe some other stuff)
Is my mom right for not wanting me [18M] to put modifications on my car? Or is she overreacting?
I might've perpetuated a relationship I didn't like, and now I'm stuck in it. I don't know how to get out without everyone involved getting upset. Any advice?
So when my wife [33f] and I [33M] get in an argument and she becomes upset and starts crying. How/why am I supposed to be the one to comfort her?
Guy invited me to a party??
Girls with partners who play a lot of video games, how does it make you feel?
So when my wife [33f] and I [33M] get in an argument and she becomes upset and starts crying. How/why am I supposed to be the one to comfort her?
Trust issue
Am I doing too much for Valentine's day?
Am I doing too much for Valentine's day?
Would it be weird if I(21M) bought a girl(21F) a knife for her birthday?
Girls with partners who play a lot of video games, how does it make you feel?
How do i (33f) tell my partner (30m) who is a great person that keeps pushing to stay together that i can’t be with them anymore?
How do I (16M) get to know this girl (16F) in my class better?
Feeling guilty for liking someone else (22F, 3 year relationship)
How do I (16M) get to know this girl (16F) in my class better?
Valentine's Day......great :/
Feeling guilty for liking someone else.
How do I (16M) break an acquaintance barrier with a girl (16F) in my class?
I [22F] still have feelings for my best friend [21M], but he has a daughter and is engaged now.
My girlfriend (32f) lived with her ex and she just moved out.
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) of one year is a terrible conversationalist.
I hate my fiance’s friends
First date with my best friend
I [F20] can't help but overthink about BF's [M20] ex!
How do you tell the a great person that keeps pushing to stay together that you can’t be with them anymore?
Me [28F] and him [28M] (1.5 years) are struggling to navigate guilt around money and how we contribute to the relationship. International relationship/work visas/all the things.
I broke up with my ex because I felt like she was using her anxiety as an excuse to use me
My (39m) ex-girlfriend (34f) was/is an escort and even though I broke up with her I am still not dealing with losing her...
I(22F) have been getting beck into the bad habit of cutting myself. And my boyfriend (25M) doesn't know.
My [25F] close friend [24F] accidentally broke another friend's [25F] expensive electronic device. Repair was so expensive that both of them couldn't really afford it at the moment
I(22F) have gotten into the habit of cutting myself within the last two months or so. My boyfriend (25M) doesn't know.
I(23m) and she(22f) start to ignore each other in class and it is so frustrating
I broke up with my ex because I felt like she was using her anxiety as an excuse to use me.
Is it possible to become friends with a former crush? Should I?
Help! Not sure how we [28F/28M] should handle finances while respecting both of our feelings and limiting financial risk; international relationship/work visas/all the things!
First valentines together
Stalked by a family member
Is it possible to become friends with a former crush?
I(30) suspect that my ex(34) has stolen my old smartphone and logged into all my social media accounts
Valentine's Day: I (26F) would like to do something nice for my (28M) boyfriend of 4 months but I don't want to overwhelm him... ideas?
My mom is letting me move back in but she's scared I'm going to burn the house down. What's a good compromise? [F25]/[F55]
How do I stop feeling so alone?
Describe your grandmother by using the sense of smell
I (29M) have a crush on (25F) coworker. She has one on me too? What do I do?
I(30) suspect that my ex (34) has stolen my old smartphone and has gone through all my social media and email accounts
I (F15) lied to my boyfriend (M16)and i need to know how to regain that trust and not do it again. i want to be better for him
I (22 f) am not sure what to do about my ex boyfriend (21 M) who is trying to come back into my life
Are there any ways I can help myself [22F] without feeling ridiculous, while therapy isn't an option for me right now?
Long distance relationship Valentine date ideas
I need to end an unhealthy friendship but I'm scared.
What am I doing “wrong”, I’m putting myself out there and I don’t make progress... [21m]
How am I 36F) the bad guy for still being hurt and upset after finding my husband (31M) on singles sites?
I (28f) think my relationship with my bf (33m) is over and I don’t know what happened
unable to be comfortable/ like with someone unless in a friendship group first?
Ghosted
I (22 f) am not sure what to do about my ex boyfriend (21 M) who is trying to come back into my life
Girl might like me and she has a BF
Would it be weird to get a girl a knife for her birthday?
How to break up with someone who’s overly sensitive and super attached
My (25f) boyfriends (23m) sister told me shes surprised he decided to date me because his exes looked like models. His brother said I'm below average but with a fire personality. It really hurt and I don't know how to handle it :(
I(23M) love my girlfriend(25(F) immensely but lust after others it's getting to the point that I'm starting to worry myself.
Cheating and me being confused/sad
Did I (28f) overreact to my boyfriend (33m) on my birthday?
I’m (21/F) Concerned About My Boyfriend’s (23/M) Relationship With His Sister
is it a good or bad idea to let a 15 year old visit her mom who is in jail for seven months?
How to break up with someone ?
My GF (f22) is bringing her friends on our date night this Valentine's Day
I’m attracted to white guys, but I’m a Latina woman, so I feel like not many white guys are attracted to Latinas. I know, every guy is different! It just seems that white guys are attracted to only white girls nowadays 😞
The hand that rocks the cradle
How do I (26m) move on past a manipulative/abusive relationship?
Is it wrong to follow my (M24) girlfriend's (F23) friend on instagram?
My gf (f22) invited her two friends out with us on Valentine's Day
How do you know if the relationship is over or if its just a lull?
Very long - I'm [F27] struggling a lot and I feel responsible for making him {M31] feel this way
How do I (20F) connect with my Grandma (70F) suffering from dementia in memory care?
I(F 21) told my son's father(M 23) that if he cheats on me I will cheat back. Am I wrong for saying that?
How do I (26m) move on from an abusive/manipulative relationship?
Thoughtful wife
Mismatched sex drive
My boss invited me (23) to go out to eat with her and her family on Valentine’s Day
Am I the toxic one in the relationship?
Is it a good or bad idea to let a 15 year old visit her mom who is in jail for seven months?
Is it bad to never feel anything?
Me (18M) online dated a (15F)...Is it morally wrong?
Is it bad to never feel anything?
My (25/m) girlfriend (20/f) is meeting her ex and it's driving me crazy
Guys, do you think he meant this?
Am I the toxic one in the relationship?
I might be falling into another man
I (17M) have been struggling to deal with my gf’s (17F) family drama.
I'm out of ideas for Valentines day.
My (24F) sister (21F) has started dating another guy within 2 weeks of ending her past 2 long-term relationships.
Only want to be intimate when horny
I (f33) can't let go of anger towards my mother (f55)
My (24/m) girlfriend (20/f) is meeting her Ex and I don't know what to think about it
How the fuck do I move on after a horrible relationship?
My wife wants a threesome but idk
My (27F) boyfriend (28M) kept "forgetting" to make a Valentine's Day restaurant reservation for over a week while I nagged him or offered to do it (he said he wanted to do it). Tonight I went ahead and called multiple restaurants - every single one near us is booked full.
How to make alcoholic and depressed housemate seek professional help?!
Me 36 just dumped my BF 37 over communication issues regarding having kids.
(27F) I need a lil help making a decision
NSFW: Boyfriend (21M) is mad that I (20F) masturbate?
I (33m) have a super jealous wife (34f) when it come to any sexual fantasy or attraction I have involving other women. So tonight, while having sex, I told her I wish I could have a threesome with her and her younger self. . .
Don't know what to do
All of my [19F] friends hate my boyfriend [19M]
Asked crush out and not sure what to do now
My wife's an angry drunk
How stupid am I(24F) being over a stuffed animal
Asked my crush out and not sure where to go from here
All of my [19F] friends hate my boyfriend [19M]
How stupid am I (24f) being over a stuffed animal.
All of my [19F] friends hate my boyfriend [19M]
I don’t care about Valentine’s Day, it’s how he went about it.
How stupid am being I over a stuffed animal.
Valentine’s Day sucks, Even when you have an SO
There's this girl I still like.
Why am I [f25] disgusted by everyone I have sex with [m27-30]
I (33m) have a super jealous wife (34f) when it comes to any sexual fantasy or attraction I have involving other women. So tonight, while having sex, I told her I wish I could have a threesome with her and her younger-self. . .
Am I only one?
I (M27) just called things off with a girl (F23) I care about a few weeks ago. I had brought her a Valentine last year, do I return it?
I'm so sorry my last post deleted, (27F) need a lil help making a decision please!
I might be falling into another man
My [33 M] wife [32 F] tries to typecast me as being lazy and I think it's unfair.
Introverts in relationships, do you think it’s unhealthy to have your partner as your only friend while still keeping in contact with your families?
My bf makes me resentful.
Why am I [f25] disgusted by everyone I have sex with [m 25-30]
Me [20/F] with my boyfriend [21/M], together over 3 years, I feel lost. Don’t know what to do.
I (M27) just called things off with a girl (F23) I care about a few weeks ago. I had brought her a Valentine a few weeks before. Do I hold on to it/return it?
F[27] need a little help making a choice, please
I (13F) hate my siblings (9F) (8M). Am I being dramatic?
Am I a bad person for not texting them?
I (22M) am under major anxiety because my ex’s friend is telling my girlfriend (21F) that I cheated on my ex.
[Update] I (30M) left my wife (34F), who I think can be labelled as 'abusive'
Bf (19m) gets upset when I (19f) get upset, because my dad is being verbally abusive.
Bf gets irritated when I get upset when my dad start being verbally abusive
I (22M) am under major anxiety because my ex’s friend is telling my girlfriend (21F) that I cheated on my ex.
My bf doesn’t want me to work with him?
My [24M] GF [20M] dumped me and we stayed friends. I told her I didnt want that after arguing and she didnt reply back. What do I do?
Why do I feel so alone?
Disgusted by people I've had sex with?
M [21] my GF F [22]. What was your experience with your partner when she had the Marina IUD inside her?
Am I a bad person for not texting them?
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) won't let me leave him
Why do I feel so alone?
(22m) Just quit my job, my just promoted boss (22m) was an old college friend - should I be worried about staying friends?
Should I [23f] end my relationship with recent bf [28m]?
My mom [55 f] told me about my dad’s [51 m] addiction issues and now I [34 f] don’t know what to do next
Introverts in relationships, do you think it’s unhealthy to have your partner as your only friend while still keeping in contact with your families?
What was your experience with your partner when she had her Marina IUD inside her? I'm M [21] she F [22]
Valentine’s Day makes me resentful.
Is rebounding with a dog a bad idea?
Living a meaningful life with life-long impotence
Brief reflection on jealousy in the couple.
I (28m) think a friend (17f) has a crush on me
I (27M) and my girlfriend (25F) have been constantly fighting. Want some insight
I'm (21F) planning to reenlist, my partner (24M) can't come with me and it's caused a huge rift. Should I stay and work on myself while with him, or should I go and learn to heal on my own? Was I wrong for how I went about it?
I need ideas
I (27M) and girlfriend (25F) are constantly fighting over little things.
What was your experience when your partner had a Marina IUD inside her?
Am I [23M] being petty for being upset that my girlfriend [23F] completely forgot about Valentine's Day?
[Update] I (30M) left my wife (34F), who went from fighting unfair to being very aggressive
[Update] I (30M) left my wife (34F)
Thank you
I (32f) need help apologizing to someone (38m) for accidentally ignoring him.
How can I (17M) thank my girlfriend (17F) for standing up for me?
Seeing a man for years who has a gf.
I (23F) am wanting to take my boyfriend (24M) for a Valentine’s Day dinner picnic and am struggling to come up with ideas for food..
Introverts in relationships, do you think it’s unhealthy to have your partner as your only friend while still keeping in contact with your families?
Do you guys forgot about an ex girlfriend whom you have truly loved so much?
I (28m) think a friend (17f) has a crush on me
How do I know if I am looking for someone perfect and should settle, or if I am right in deciding that this is not enough?
I need some relationship advice. Conflicting feelings.
I'm [22F] wondering: how long does it take you guys to forget about a girlfriend you have truly love so much?
how do I avoid being bitter about this?
how do I deal with not being bitter and single as my bff enters into a possible new relationship?
What does make a woman attractive for you?
Dating Edition ...
how do I deal with not being bitter while my bff enters into a new relationship?
How long does it take you guys to forget about a girlfriend whom you have truly loved for three years?
How do I deal with attempting to not be a bitter single bitch?
my boyfriend and we normally have sex 3 or so times a day and have amazing orgasms we love our sex and relationship and everything about eachother we are extremely attracted to one another and can’t get enough...just wondering if other people have this insane level of attraction as well #love
Has anyone ever felt like their biggest relationship issue is not knowing if they should leave because of a lack in one specific area, that could potentially get better?
Should I (26f) tell my FWB (27m) that I'm catching real feelings, although he's supposedly going to Europe in September for a few months?
My friend (M20) and I (F18) have feelings for each other, but I’m not interested in an exclusive relationship. My conflicting feelings have made a mess.
Decline in intimacy in early relationship (27F, 27F)
Should I (26f) tell my FWB (27m) that I'm catching real feelings, although he's supposedly going to Europe in September for a few months?
I (29M) want to forget my ex (26F) and im having trouble letting go
As an independent high earning female, marriage seems pointless (newlywed regret)
My (18F) friend (18M) has a fear of missing out
Am I (23F) in the wrong for telling my best friend (23F) to leave her boyfriend (18M)?
As an independent, high earning woman, marriage seems like a bum deal (newlywed regret)
My [25f] Husband [28M] got upset after reading my journal after I said I didn't need therapy.
The guy [21M] I've [21F] been dating disclosed to me that he has bipolar disorder and thinks I won't like him because of it
I am debating if I should leave my amazing and ideal relationship (to me and my standards it is) M(21), F(18)
My (18F) friend (18M) has a fear of missing out, and I don't know how to handle events he wouldn't like
I (20M) fucked it up with my ex (29F), How can I repair it?
I[19F] like my best friends ex[19M]...
Overdependence?
My boyfriend doesn’t spend time with me
I[19F] am starting to like my Best friends ex[19M]
I think I either misread his signals or ruined a potential relationship. What went wrong and what should I do differently in the future?
I like my best friend’s ex...
What is dealbraker in relationship?
Feelings of new relationship young vs older
Does getting back together after a breakup ever work out?
I just bursted crying receiving this video from my parents
Panties
My [24F] girlfriend [24NB] of almost three years tried to self-harm and told me she thinks she's not sexually attracted to women anymore. She got mad at me when I cried after she told me that. I'm so overwhelmed and I don't know how to deal with any of this.
I'm either delusional or am in a VERY tough spot.
Do I (19M) still love her or am I just lonely?
embarrassing handshake
A New Low: Bye Karma Points
I think I misread his signals / ruined a potential relationship. What went wrong and what should I do differently in the future?
UPDATE I (20M) gave mixed signals to my roommate (22M)
I told my ex I think she has BPD and she's me at me
Now sure how to handle this M (39) for wife F (38) (details in comments) ?
UPDATE I gave mixed signals to my roommate
Advice!
My [24,f] girlfriend [25,f] [3 years] refuses to tell me what time she’ll be home
My(F27) ExHusband(M25) Has Still Been Finding Ways To Contact Me Even Though It's Been Over A Year And Keeps Threatening Self-Harm
My SO [23M] and I [23F] work in the same company with the same job. He's a slacker and I'm considering breaking up with him over this.
My [24f] girlfriend [25f] of three years refuses to tell me what time she’ll be home
Constant Accusations
Does anyone like me, have a ditzy wife? If so, how bad is it?
My SO [23M] and I [23F] work in the same company and in my book, he's a slacker at work. Is this a valid cause to reconsider the relationship?
Fighting over my (F,26) boyfriend (M,29) taking work calls when we’re together?
My SO and I work in the same company. He constantly plays games at work and comes in late or skips work from partying and being out with friends the night before. Is this cause to reconsider the relationship?
My (M26) gf (26f) battles severe depression that turns into aggression against me. I don't know if I need space and if I do how to tell her without her potentially hurting herself.
I (22F) might have been molested?
My ex (23) broke up with me (20) after a 4 year relationship and found a new boyfriend only two weeks after the breakup. Meanwhile, I am so depressed I can't even get myself to go to the toilet.
My (17m) Mum (40) isn't okay with me being FtM trans, we haven't talked about it for 3 years, I want to talk about it with her again and don't know how to.
My (29f) husband (31m) just punched a hole in our wall over a shirt he thinks I lost. We have two young kids and I’m just frozen in my room terrified
GF calls in sick to work a lot, job is in jeopardy, and so is moving in together.
My (24M) new girlfriend (19F) is not as freaky/good in bed as ex.. what to do?
My (24M) girlfriend (19F) is not as freaky as my ex. What to do?
I (22M) didn't give my girlfriend (25F) gum while we were studying because she chews loudly and it annoys me.
My ex (23) broke up with me (20) after a 4 year relationship and found a new boyfriend two weeks later. Meanwhile,I am still very depressed and heartbroken, and don't know how to move on.
Boyfriend (29) answering work calls when we’re together - causing arguments
I (M29) am not finding a match for marriage, very frustrated.
Why don't you have babies yet?
Why don't you have babies yet?
My panic attack
I (22M) didn't give my girlfriend (25F) gum while we were studying because she chews loudly and it annoys me.
Me (22m) and my sister (15f) have been in a sexual relationship for over a year now
My [25M] GF [24F] of 11 months has never been thrilled with my roommate [25F], but I feel she’s crossed a line by questioning her sexuality.
My [40F] son [17M] with dependent personality disorder and autism tends to stare inappropriately at women in public. How can I help him control his behavior or communicate with him?
i (M29) am a dating disaster, extremely frustrated please help
My best friend M19 doesn’t want a relationship with me F20 even though we already act like we are together
I 32M Had Recent Arguments with my GF 30F and I feel like she is not being rational.
The love of my life unexpectedly left me and I dont know how to stop begging him to stay
My best friend M19 doesn’t want a relationship with me F20 even though we already act like we are together
How to broach the subject of a shift in gender identity with my spouse
I need you as you are but love you in my heart
My best friend M19 doesn’t want a relationship with me F20 even though we already act like we are together
I suck at communicating, HELP please!
I (16m) and my dad (42m)
My [21M] significant other/friend [21F] asked for some alone time.
I feel like I’m losing him and my sanity
Help with communication?
Questioning (30F) how to approach events/special occasions with SO (33M)
Is this grounds to break up with my boyfriend?
I hate my (26f) boyfriend’s (26m) friends.
Me [30/F] with my boyfriend [28/M] have been together for almost 2 years, and just moved in together. I want to leave.
Am I (25F) “fake” for buying a going away dessert for a coworker (50sF) who I don’t particularly like?
My (19M) Girlfriend (18F) Doesn't Want Intimacy Anymore
My (19M) Girlfriend (18F) Doesn't Want Intimacy Anymore
20 ON AGAIN OFF AGAIN RELATIONSHIP BOYFRIEND IGNORING ME
I F[22] saw w text in my BF M[23] phone from his ex gf whom I didn’t even know could contact him. And idk how I should feel
My (22f) boyfriend (20m) feels hurt because I wouldn't let him touch me.
Me [33 M] with my ex gf [28 F] 2 years, we work together and she wants to be friends
My (23f) ex (40m) sent me this message and I feel threatened.
My (33m) and my (32f) relationship has suffered since her breast implants
My [F26] partner [M29] has been stuck in a low-morale cycle for the past 3 weeks I can't find things to say or do that makes him cheer up. How I can help him?
I (31M) have so much resentment for my partner (24M) it is actually gross.
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) refuses to spay our dog (5F) and I believe it’s time to do it
I (20M) really don't know what to do relating to a friend (19F) that I've liked for a while now
My [M27] Gf [F25] doesn't make any decisions or give me any feedback when I ask for her opinion. What do I do?
Boyfriend (26) Wont have sex with me (F 25) because I have gained weight. What do I do?
Boyfriend (26) Thinks I (F 25) am less attractive because of the amount of weight I gained. What do I do?
How do you go from fully seeing a future with someone to letting that go/moving on without feeling bitter at the world? (M23)(F22)
21F with my BF 21 M of 1.5 years. How can I end a relationship on Valentine's Day?
What is the Minimum facial attractiveness for a relationship to be possible?
Me (F26) struggling to decode partner's (M27) passive-aggressive behavior (LONG)
Why am I not “ready” or whats wrong with me? 19M
I (F25) still think about my Ex bf (M26) while I am in a relationship with current bf (M31)
21 F with my BF 21 M of 1.5 years, and I think we might have to break up on Valentines day. Is this toxic?
My boyfriend [23m] (of two months )and I [21f] have been fighting almost daily!
I [25F] am not sure what else to do about my husband's [27M] negative, defensive communication style. It's breaking me down.
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
My[M27] gf[F25] doesn't give her opinion and doesn't make any decisions
Asked my ex to leave me alone and now i hear from mh friends he is with them
I 33(m) am less attracted to my 32(f) gf after breast implants
Me 21 F with my BF 21 M of 1.5 yrs arent on good terms, should we break up on valentines day?
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Me 21 F with my BF (21 M) for 1.5 years, might break up on valentines day because it may be toxic but i am not sure.
My girlfriends (F 23) friends all think I'm(M 28) toxic
Why do I (F25) still think about my Ex bf (M26) while I am in a relationship with current bf (M31)?
My (24f) boyfriend (22m) flew into a jealous rage after going through my account without my permission. He admits he was wrong and wants to solve it, how?
I (F29) am terrified of getting to close to a newer friend (m25) because I'm afraid of history repeating
Girlfriend(F20) of 9 months just told me (M24) that she met someone on her snowboard team while they were on a trip this weekend. Says she doesn’t want things to end with me but doesn’t know what to do. Sick of my heart hurting. 2 day’s before Valentine’s Day.
I (19M) feel like i'm obsessed with my girlfriend (18F)
I (18f) told my friends at school that my dad is a cheater. He's mad because he works at my school and the gossip is affecting his job.
Why do I still think about my ex ?
How can I (22F) be less sensitive ?
Am i crazy
I'm (18M) constantly feeling insecure and unaccomplished because my GF's (18) incredibly successful and better than me in every regard. How to overcome these feelings? Is this normal, or am I horrible person?
In a happy loving relationship but still think about EX. PLZ HELP
I (F29) am afraid of getting too friendly with someone (M25) because I am afraid of history repeating
My ex hurt me and now he is trying to get closer to my friends ( male)
Nice Guy
I don't know how to be less sensitive
I (m 23) discovered that my boyfriend (m 24) has a Grindr account behind my back
I (28F) don't know if my bf (28M) is using me for my home or not
I (15m) don’t know how to write a valentines card
I [25M] have been seeing a married [48F] woman in an open marriage for 5 months. Wondering what’s the best plan forward?
I (15m) have no idea how to write a valentines card
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) who was diagnosed with cancer cheated on me with his ex gf.
I (17/ f) think my mom (51/f) has an obssesion about controlling my life.
my ex hanging out with ny friends and i was hurt
Nice Guy Advice
Hypothetical Question
Looking foward
Pregnant 30F struggling with my depression and how it's affecting my life/relationship with my husband 32M
Boyfriend hid being uncircumcised..?
My (25) dad (54) smokes a lot, what should I do?
I think my SO is going to break up with me after a conversation we had about porn?
My(25) dad(54) smokes a lot, should I tell him to stop smoking?
Sibling (F25) is always angry and shouting at family members.
I [19M] don't know how to deal with my girlfriends [19F] insecurities when it comes to friends
Gf keeps breaking up with me
Female invasion issue... where to draw the line??
I [27/F] can't stop being grossed out by my little sister [23/F] and her older boyfriend [32/M] who she has known since she was a kid.
16M, need advice for finding a girlfriend
My ex male (42) hurt me and now he hang out w my friends
Im a teenager (17/ f) and I started thinking that my mom (51/f) has been over protective all my youth.
My Boyfriend [30M] and his Female friend invasion... how can I set boundaries?
I feel disrespected by my partner.
I [18F] am going thru a rough patch with my bf [21M]
Girl(18) i(21) was dating wanted a break, now contacted me again, how should i continue?
Me [25,F] being slow faded by Him [24,M] and I don't know why
Boundaries ?? How to set
Pregnant 30F having trouble dealing with my depression and it's affecting my life and my relationship with my husband 32M more than I thought.
Just a question
My (32 M) Mother (63 F) Won't Allow Her Husband (67 M) to Access His Retirement Account
My nephew (3 yr) is having surgery soon for some possibly cancerous masses. I live in another city so I won't be able to visit frequently to check up. I want to my sister and her family a care package, but I'm not sure what to include?
My ex after two days of break up was w another woman and now he hangs out w my friends
I [25M] don't know what to do anymore with my GF [20F] help?
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) who was diagnosed with cancer cheated on me with his ex gf.
I (25 M) Feel Like I'm not That Attracted to my GF (20 F) Anymore
My [30M] gf [27] is considering calling it quits . I think we have a great relationship. What am I missing here?
My (22f) bf (24m) is still friends with his ex and in contact with her parents
I [29M] with my wife [29F] are visiting our home town with our newborn baby. How do I tell my parents [63M and 56F] that I can’t bring my son into their house?
My nephew (3yr) is having surgery soon to remove some possibly cancerous masses. I live in another city and want to send my sister and her family a care package, but not sure what exactly to send?
My crush rejected me because she has a boyfriend but I still like her. Do I have any chances?
My BF(M23) and I(F23) just moved in together. He refuses to follow basic hygiene practices. Advice needed.
I [25M] don't know what to do anymore with my GF [20F]
My (22f) bf (24m) is still friends with his ex and in contact with her parents
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
I (27f) went on first date with (31m) he said he wasn’t ready to date, 4 weeks on now this?
I (25 M) Feel Like I'm not That Attracted to my GF (20 F) Anymore
I’m dating someone my best friend hates. (Everyone is 18)
Problem with a precious friend
Crush(18F) showed interest in me(18M) at a party. I'm a bit shy so nothing happened. I don't think we're at a point where I can randomly message her or something like that. What should I do?
I [29M] with my wife [29F] are visiting our home town with our newborn baby. How do I explain to my parents [63M and 57F] that I can’t bring my son into their house?
I [22M] started dating my friend’s [23M] ex girlfriend [19F]. Am I an asshole?
What do I (25F) do about my best friend (27M) with agoraphobia?
I’m dating someone my best friend doesn’t like.
Crush(18F) showed interest in me(18M) at a party. I'm a little bit shy so nothing happened. I don't think we are at a point yet where I can randomly message her or something like that. What should I do?
FwB? Or something else?
Me [25,F] being slow faded by Him [24,M] and I don't know why
Should you break up on valentines day? ((21 F and 21 M) 1.5 yrs together )
How do I (24F) fix relationship with dad(55M)?
FwB or something else?
Breaking up on valentines day ?
I'm 20 and she's 19 and I don't know how to talk to her again.
Was I a nice guy? Or was I being led on?
breaking up on valentines?
breaking up on vday?
My (kinda) crush just sent me a video of her singing about our friendship
I'm (f/26) not ready to move in with boyfriend (m/28) yet, but I'm moving across country and he wants to come. How do I / we figure it out?
I (21F) found several flirty messages on my boyfriend's (21M) phone.
How to fix relationship with dad?
Problem with a friend
My (20M) "friend" (19M) is Really Fake and I Need Input
I really dont know what to do in my situation and need help.
My [30F] best friend [28F] hasn't bothered to meet my boyfriend of almost 9 months yet and I am wondering if this is normal?
I(20m) have a problem with my girlfriend (20f)
Insecure people in happy relationships, how do you deal with your feelings of insecurity?
I(20m) need help with my girlfriend(20f)
I’m [22F] frustrated and tired of the lack of organization and structure at my job and want to leave, however, I adore my boss [45M] and would hate to leave him at such a busy time of year or make him upset.
Am I being a “nice guy” or am I being led on?
Guy flirting at the gym?
I [26M] need to have a conversation with a [29F] girl I've been seeing about our needs/desires, need help with how to keep conversation positive.
How do I (23F) know when it is time to walk away from an engagement with my fiance (23M)?
Ex (25m) keeps adding back pics of me (24f)
I(20m) live with my parents and girlfriend(20f)
My(21) boyfriend(22) has a sister(20) who is also my best friend. Whom I am getting strange signals from.
How do I (23F) know when it is time to end things with my fiance (23M)
I (23F) don’t know how to deal with bf (21M)?
Relation with a friend
I (30M) hate my wife (25F).
My (19f) boyfriend (23) went to a strip club but thinks it's "disrespectful" for me to link up with a guy for work
I need some advice
i don’t know what to do
Men of Reddit what’s something your SO surprised you with on Valentine’s Day that you loved?
Why in todays world, we are not making decisions as couple ?
Men of Reddit what’s something your SO surprised you with on Valentine’s Day that you loved?
Intimacy Survey
Sex and Intimacy Survey
How should I proceed?
Is this my fault?(23F)
Two people [M29 and M33] love me [F26] and I'm torn.
Wtf lmao
My ex (24f) and I (24m) have started talking again...
I (23F) can't stop the cycle of my BF (35M) ghosting me and then demanding to be back in my life.
Relationship problem
My [28F] fiance [33 M] doesn't want to write a divorce agreement into our marriage contract
My ex (24f) and I (24m) has started talking again...
I [22F] feel like I won't get over my ex [20'sM] until I find someone new.
My (M19) ex (F20) has moved on with someone else and I'm not sure what to do
ex [22f] of 4.5 broke up with me [20m] 3 months ago; now claims it is a "break" and wants back. guilty about seeing other girls
My (M19) ex (F20) has moved on with someone else and I'm not sure what to do
My (M19) ex (F20) has moved on with someone else and I'm not sure what to do
My (M19) ex (F20) has moved on with someone else and I'm not sure what to do
Distance relationship
I (m 30) broke up with gf (f 26) of 4 years and now I can't stop thinking about her
My (M19) ex-gf (F20) has moved on to someone else but I still love her
My (M19) ex-gf (F20) has moved on to someone else but I still love her
I (28F) need help with my bf's mom (60sF)
Distance Relationship
My (M26) wife ( F22) is putting too much pressure
I (m 30) broke up with gf (f 26) of 4 years and now I can't stop thinking about her
My gfs parents don’t approve of Me (68M) and her (13F) relationship
My (27/F) husband (37/M) is financially unreliable and I am so fed up
Broke up with abusive ex.. now can't stop thinking about her
Me (26M) upset after meeting ex (25F)
Should I expect a text by now?
Is she cheating or am I going nuts?
My [27/F] Husband [37/M] is completely unreliable financially and I am so fed up
I’m extremely worried about an OP please help
Should I expect a text by now?
Does my bf (25m) see me (26f) as just a friend?
I [27 M] just broke up with my girlfriend [26 F] of 4 years and I am feeling really guilty.
I (28F) need help with a conflict with my boyfriends mom (60sF)
Best way to find ladies in Colorado
Does my boyfriend just see me as a friend?
Broke up with GF to confess to my crush, but got rejected
Would I [24M] be offending my friend [27F] by canceling our trip plans because of feelings.
NSFW - how do I [F19] tell my boyfriend [M20] that I’ve been faking orgasms our entire relationship
Should I have gotten a text by now?
Does my boyfriend just see me as a friend?
my [20m] abusive ex [22f] of 4.5 years wants to get back together, I feel guilty
Interracial relationships
My [22F] friend [22M] is dating a girl [20F] that has isolated him from friends
My [22F] friend[22m] of 10 years is dating a [20F] girl who I believe is toxic
Should he have texted me by now?
Should he have texted me by now?
Does my boyfriend see me as a friend
Chance of an average guy [30m] with a hard 10 [33f]
Sometimes loving someone so much means you have to let them go to better them self
(M20) have never had a gf
My (33F) parents (60F/64M) are awful are finances, are narcissistic, and I want to limit contact. But, I feel obligated to be invested in their life/finances because retirement/end of life costs will likely end up on me/my sibs.
How do I pull my boyfriend out of depression?
Broke up with GF to confess to my crush, but got rejected
Was he interested or was I crazy?
am i giving up too quickly?
How would you react to this “gift”?
22m Bf Threatening Suicide & Apologizing
Wife does not want to communicate with me while AirPod is in my ear.
Is it worth being in a relationship? [27M]
Teacher said something creepy to my underage cousin during sport and she thinks it's fine?
My mom (54/f) is being bullied by her supervisor (20/30ish m)
Valentines Poem
I'm (18M) starting to really like my classmate (17F)
How would you react to hateful/spiteful “gift”?
Chance of an average guy [30m] with a hard 10 [33f]
I'm (18M) starting to really like my classmate (17F)
I wouldn't be uncomfortable with my SO masturbating to r/gonewild if he ever expressed that he thought I was attractive. Has this ever happened to you?
Setting boundaries with the in-laws
QUESTION: Move in together first or marriage first?
My boyfriend [27 M] brags about me [26 F] when I’m sitting right there. I don’t like it.
(22m) BF Threatening Suicide on Various Occasions
am i wrong for being ready to move on or am I giving up too quickly?
I (20F) am at wit’s end with my bf’s (20M) disrespect towards me when he is feeling stressed out. Is it time for an ultimatum?
Is it weird for a couple to go bar hopping alone?
Teenage son refuses to have anything to do with me.
Is it worth staying around someone who admits they can't be in a relationship, but "wants to be friends" while they work on themselves?
Teenage son doesn’t want anything to do with me
Is it nice way of showing care to my crush by wishing her Happy Valentine’s day?
Is it weird for just a couple to go bar hopping for a night?
Is she cheating or am I going nuts
My boyfriend [27 M] brags about me [26 M] when I’m sitting right there. I don’t like it.
Girlfriend asks me to wait, is she cheating?
Is it worth staying around someone who admits they can't be in a relationship, but "wants to be friends" while they work on themselves?
Good playlist for injured people?
Is ‘taking a break’ a good idea? Or does it always seem to foreshadow eventual breakup?
Creating playlist for brother and friend
Am I justified in feeling insulted that my boyfriend isn’t giving me Valentine’s candy?
Texting slags confusion
I feel like I need to end my almost 5 year relationship
Brothers of Reddit... Have you ever found the perfect woman that just didn't have the right pheromones?
Valentines day is upon us
This girl [20F] is sending me [20M] majorly mixed signals
This girl [20F] is sending me [20M] majorly mixed signals
He rejected me
Unsure if I [16F] should move on over confusing guy [16M]
Fuck buddy
I (18F) broke up with my boyfriend (17M) because he went to my house without me being there
I [F/16] want to improve the relationship with my dad [M/54]
"Talking"
I [F/16] want to change and stop being abusive towards my dad [M/54]
I (18F) broke up with my bf (17M) because he went to my house without me being in there
My Girlfriend hates my Female Best Friend
My (28M) Gf(27F) broke my one boundary and I'm not sure if I'm over-exaggerating in my response
My (25M) emotionally abusive parents(49M) (50F) are threatening to throw me out on the street unless I get a "professional" job.
Dealing with an insecure manager
He’s in love with me..... if he’s drunk...
I’m [23M] trying to figure out how to mend things with a distant friend [21M] of my ex’s [21F]. How to I get him over the silent treatment he has given me way after the break up?
Sister [16f] watches and anime series about siblings with a... suspicious... relationship. Should I [16m] be weirded out?
On and off feelings for my SO?
Boyfriend caught messaging other girls
He’s in love with me..... when he’s drunk....
I [16F] think my bf [17M] lost interest and don't know what to do
Will it stop feeling “weird”, those of you who have successfully “gotten back together” with someone?
Found boyfriend messaging other girls
Tl;dr How wrong is the wrongdoer in a relationship when they admit everything and the “victim” doesn’t take responsibility for their part? 26 female, 30 male
He’s in love with me... but only when he’s drunk...
Tl;dr When the wrongdoer admits to being wrong, but the “victim” won’t admit to contributing?
I [16F] think my bf [17M] lost interest and don't know what to do
Me (24m) in a toxic relationship with my gf (24f)
My (25M) emotionally abusive parents (49M) (50F) are threatening to throw me and my girlfriend out on the street if I don't get a "professional" job.
Me (19f) and my boyfriend (21m) are in different places emotionally and it’s starting to hurt me
Me (19f) and my boyfriend (21m) are in different places emotionally and it’s starting to hurt me
I( F17) am unsure whether I want to keep a relationship with my mother (F50s) or not.
My boyfriend who stays at home with our baby during the day doesn't think I do enough
Am I crazy ??
Am I crazy ????
Me(22/M) and coworker (49/M) got is an argument and he wont let go
Me (24m) and gf (24f) in a toxic relationship
I miss being single and I need help
Should I have this much pushback to bringing my partner home to visit?
Me (22/M) and a friend (49/M) at work had a verbal fight and he wont let go
Am I crazy ???
Should I be Allowed to Bring My Partner Home?
I [29/f] feel helpless and belittled in arguments with SO [33/m].
Does it sound like this guy is interested in me or was just being polite on the first date? I am new-ish to the dating scene and am clueless.
Dumpee is mad at me
How to date a girl in 5 steps
I'm [21F] sick of my brother's [22M] selfish attitude and he won't do anything to address it
Does it sound like this guy is interested? I am new-ish to the dating scene and am clueless?
I’m (20f) possibly getting involved with someone (24) with a questionable past. How can I know that they’ve grown from the person they were?
PSYCHOLOGY EXPERIMENT PLEASE HELP!
Me [45 M] with my bipolar girlfriend [30F] of 1 year, casually mentioned while texting that she was suicidal this december.
I’m possibly getting involved with someone with a questionable past. How can I know that they’ve grown from the person they were?
Valentine’s Day
My(16F) Girlfriend’s (16F) parents dont let us see eachother
Not sexually compatible?
Not sexually compatible?
My bestfriend (20M) has secretly been dating my ex (20F)
Mysterious Guy
Is this a date? Advice?
I'm starting to realize that my seemingly happy and healthy relationship might be doomed and it's killing me.
I (F26) finally broke up with my boyfriend (M30) today... this time for sure!
What was wrong with me [22M] to make [24F] say that 'she isn't in the place to date right now'?
Long post, but I (F26) need to believe that there is better out there
I (30F) feel completely affection starved by my (31M) SO and don't know how to talk about it.
My (23F) BF (24M) of over 1 year seems too connected to this web cam girl...
I (21F) got a concussion and my boyfriend (28M) hasn’t checked on me
u/weemat
My (23M) ex best friend (19F) that I left over an year ago is harassing my girlfriend (21F). What should I do?
My bestfriend is secretly Dating my ex girlfriend
My (27f) ex (30m) reached out today to see how I was doing and all he did was shit talk to me...
My (23M) ex best friend (19F) that I left over an year ago is harassing my girlfriend (21F). What should I do?
My(M23) girlfriend(F22) of 6 moths is going on a work trip where she had to share a room with at least 5 people and it’s not sitting right with me.
I(f20) share romantic feelings with my (f21) roommate
My (33F) parents (60F/64M) are awful at finances, are narcissistic, and I want to limit contact. But I feel obligated to be invested in their life/finances because end of life costs might be on me/my sibs.
I (18M) had my Facebook account hacked by my grandma (73F) and don’t know how to confront her
I (18M) had my facebook account hacked by my grandma (73F) and don’t know what to do about it
Advice needed! He says he doesn’t want to be friends with benefits but that’s how he acts?
Should I [M26] spare myself from my 8 months relationship?
My husband [30m] told me [26f] a few minutes ago that he cheated because he doesn't really love me anymore.
Help me [F18] with problem [M19] please
Gf (25f) and I (24m) are planning a full day date with minimal electronics usage.
Give me F(18)advice on how to deal with problem please M(19)
Me [31 M] thinking of changing my therapist
Gf (25f) and I (24m) are planning a no gadget full day date
Advice F (18) M (19)
Two months in and the guy I’m dating has yet to kiss me [26F] [32M]
Grandparents hacked my facebook account
Advice
I F(18) will be missing valentines with my boyfriend M(22)
relationship advice
I [42F] found a soulmate [32M] on a different mind and heart level.
Mixed signals? Taking things slow.
relationship advice please....
My [26F] clock is ticking like mad for a kid, husband [30M] keeps avoiding the subject whenever it’s brought up
Is it normal for a couple to not fight?
I (18m) might need to send a second apology to my ex (18f) (10-month relationship)
second apology to my ex
I Need advice sealing the deal
I forgot my gf and I's anniversary (7 months)
Crush 01
talking to other girls while I'm with someone
I (22m) feel bad about only having slept with my girlfriend (21f), while she has been with 10 others
Not sure what to do (m34)
Me [50/F] with my husband [60 /M] of 25 yrs, thinking of leaving
Is it normal for couples to not fight?
I (24M) slid into a crush’s (24F) dms last night and I feel weird about it. What should be my goal in this sort of scenario?
i (18F) hate my girlfriend (18F) for leaving me because of her mental health.
My boyfriend’s (20) parents, that i have been with for 5 years, won’t let him come to Spain with me (20) and my parents as a birthday gift for us, because of the coronavirus.
How do I (27M) know if I'm ok with our (28F) decision to be open?
My boyfriend’s (20) parents, that i have been with for 5 years, won’t let him come to Spain with me (20) and my parents as a birthday gift for us, because of the coronavirus.
How do I (27M) know if I'm ok with our (28F) decision to be open?
Valentine's day special: What is true love?
"Almost"
I miss being single and I need help
[Relationships] I (29M) am uncomfortable with my (27F) partners travels with an ex
I'm (F24) having a hard time forgiving my boyfriend (M26) for things he did 3 years ago.
I saw the valentines gift
Romance and Valentines Day discussed on this hilarious podcast
I (25f) think i might need some space. Husband (27m) says if he leaves, he’s not coming back.
My [f/25] boyfriend [m/30] went out of his way to facebook stalk an ex - am I overreacting?
How do I (26M) move on with my life after discovering that my fiancee's newborn baby isn't mine?
Need urgent advice on new relationship that starts in 2 days
How do I (26M) move on with my life after discovering that my fiancee's newborn daughter isn't mine?
I'm [29M] and I just can't support financially my wife anymore [29F]
Partner and I can't stop fighting and I hit him. How do we stop?
My (32m) roommate (30F) has some potentially dangerous habits/flaws that I'm not sure how to bring up.
I'm [29M] and I just can't support financially my wife anymore [29F]
Why marriage is a fucking joke
Married: Hooked to Escorts : Should I tell my wife or continue or stop?
Partner (34,M) and I (26,F) can't stop fighting and escalating. How do we stop the cycle and calm down?
I (25f) told my husband (27) I needed space... if he leaves he says he won’t come back.
My girlfriend is getting a new job with late hours and I don't know how I feel about it...
Ex vs. New bf
How do I [23F] stop chasing him [28M] when it's all have ever done in dating?
I (28/f) feel like I have to choose between my fiance (29/m) of 3 years and my mother (62/f)
How I overcame the most difficult break up of my life (my story) *Inspirational story*
I (17F) am convinced my bf (17M) is not going to get me a gift for valentine’s.
I really struggle to accept rejection from my [F29] partner [M30] when I try to initiate sex, but he's not in the mood. How do I stop the negative self-talk?
Guilt about cheating
I (17F) am convinced my bf (17M) isn’t going to get me anything for valentine’s day.
How can I (24F) voice my disappointment in my boyfriends (27M) lack of planning?
My GF
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) of 6 years forgot something that was a really big deal to me, and I'm not sure where to go from here
How to help someone through a miscarriage
I (18F) have caught feelings for my man who's not my man (18M)
I (23 F) Caught a woman leaving my bfs (35M) house who he had a one night stand with in the past
My [22/M] gf's [28/F] crying and self harm are hard for me
She was abusive, but want her back?
Helping a friend though a miscarriage
Abusive Relationship but what her back?
My (extremely indecisive, toxic) ex boyfriend [19M] saw me [18F] for the first time since we broke up the other night. Since, he has blocked all of my friends, and now has deactivated all social media.
The guy I liked and been online friends with for about a year confessed to me for valentine's and I regret my answer after saying I wanted to stay in the friendzone
Sorta messy breakup
How to help someone after a miscarriage?
My mom is becoming too much and it's ruining my life
I [30M] have caught the feels for someone I work with, not sure where to go with it.
I m(24) realised late that she f(29) likes me but i still want to go out with her. How do i follow up?
The guy I liked and been online friends for a year confessed to me for valentines and I regret my answer after saying I wanted to stay in the friendzone
My mom is super overbrearing and pushy.
What is the male equivalent of giving a girl rose?!Trying to surprise him for once!
How do I (29F) support my girlfriend (30F) who was emotionally abused in her last relationship?
I m(24) missed the hint that she f(29) wanted me to ask her out. How should i get back to her?
Am I being unreasonable for thinking my girlfriend should not get a new job working 4pm-1am?
My grandma's alzheimers is getting worse, what can I (24m) do to help my mother (50f) cope?
The guy I liked and been online friends with confessed to me for valentine's and I regret my answer after saying I wanted to stay in the friendzone
problems with my mum (idk is this correct forum but pls help)
My grandma's alzheimers is getting worse, what can I (24m) do to help my mother (50f) cope?
My partner realized his hs crush was hitting on him 10 yrs ago
I (27F) am concerned about husband's (37M) financial future due to current situation
I (28F) am concerned about my husband's (37M) financial future
Máy rửa bát giá rẻ tốt nhất năm 2020 | Bếp Nam Anh
Am I being unreasonable for not wanting my girlfriend to get a new job where the hours are 4-1am with weekends?
I [23F] don't know if I'm self-sabotaging or if I'm falling out of love with my boyfriend [25M]. Advice please.
Completely and utterly destroyed
Me [20 M] and my boyfriend [20 M] of over a year split up earlier this week despite being pretty solid and havibgvvery few issues together.
I (18) am unsure of what to do about my boyfriend’s (19) negativity. He doesn’t want to seek help.
I(25f) might be dating my friend(19f)?
My [25F] ‘work husband’ [29M] might have something going on with our married boss [late 30sF]. Currently losing it a little bit
I(25f) think I'm dating my friend(19f)?
Anyone got any advice or can relate?
Anyone got any advice, or been through what I have?
I (18) am unsure of what to do about my boyfriend’s (19) constant negativity. He refuses to seek help.
Male (20) Struggling to forget past and move on and get a girlfriend?
Male (20) struggling to forget past and find a girlfriend..
I (34 m) am worried that my coworker (20 something f) is interested in me.
I [22 M] have been with my partner [22 N] since 2012, in the past year they have opened up about their gender dysphoria but also has physically closed themselves off. And other things. [NSFW]
Are people settling with someone who's ok enough or they are deeply truly madly in love with each other?
Is it ok that I (30F) ghost this friend (29F)?
Is it ok to ghost this friend?
I (18f) but my bf (18m) won’t let me
I (18f) want to move out but my boyfriend (18m) won’t let me
What’s my next step in this weak relationship? (Cheating)
How to go through leaving amazing coworkers?
[You read that right] How to go through leaving amzazing coworkers?
How to cope on Valentine’s Day when your single
Emotional Abuse in young relationships
Shitty Behaviour in young relationships
Question to dumper: how long did it take until you finally move on?
Emotional Abuse
Me(19m) and my gf(17f) of 5 months got in a huge fight because i told her once that i would be with her friend, not really thinking that.
I(21f) ended things with my now ex(26m) because of lack of effort.
Should I (21f) block my ex (26m)?
I (30F) had a fight with my (26M) partner of five years before his birthday. Really needing advice!!
I dont understand how to proceed.
Zombie Apocalypse Valentines: what to do when we (me 29F, him 30M) are quarantined because of coronavirus?
Zombie Apocalypse Valentines: what to do when we (me 29F, him 30M) are quarantined because of coronavirus?
Help! The guy I just started dating (6 weeks) broke up with me because of hpv [me f/26 him m/33]
I (F30) desperately need advice regarding a fight I had with my (M26) partner of five years. Please help me anyone :’(
What do i do when my girlfriend tells me she will never trust me again.
Someone help me please! :(
I had to block my ex
UPDATE: I(24M) Decided to trust my girlfriend(22F)
My [25M] Ex GF [20F] dumped me and we stayed fwb. I told her I didnt want that and she didnt reply. Too late to get back together?
UPDATE: I(24M) Decided to trust my girlfriend(22F)
I [24M] am a little upset with my gf [24] for not understanding my forgetfulness. Am I wrong?
I need advice please
UPDATE: Decided to trust my girlfriend
Is it selfish to wish my partner was more thoughtful (towards me)?
I have reasons to suspect my friends teen is making very poor choices and is placing herself at risk. Is it my place to say anything?
I [24M] am a little upset with my gf [24] for not understanding my forgetfulness. Am I wrong?
My gf(33) and I (40) have been in a 2 year relationship, and I'm struggling with the huge gap in our financial well-beings.
I started talking to this guy on a dating app who is supposedly in the closet?
Huge income and debt differences in a relationship
I need help.
I (30F) am jealous of my Indian sister-in-law (27F)
What steps to take if you believe a parent suffers from bipolar disorder?
My [20M] sister [17F] caught me having sex with her best friend and I don’t know if I should apologize or talk with her about it?
I (30F) feel jealous of my sister-in-law (27F) because she's Indian
Family not understanding
How do I [25F] politely ask this guy [52M] if he's ...married?
Started talking to this guy on a dating app and found out he is possibly in the closet or bisexual
Just dumped boyfriend of 10 years
Help in Factory 're Setting Boyfriend
How to tell my (24F) boyfriend (25M) of three years about my lack of physical attraction without hurting his already negative self esteem
How to discuss my (24F) my reoccurring thoughts of infidelity to my boyfriend (25M) of three years without hurting his already negative self esteem
My (21F) husband (24M) goes to work on his days off and is never around.
I(F17) don’t know what to do about my relationship with my mother(F50s)
My (21F) Husband (24M) working all of his days off instead of spending time with family.
How do you know when someone's not the one for you?
My girlfriend [22f] rejected my [22m] attempts at affection
Girlfriend [22f] rejected my [22m] affection
Was I (23M) just being used by my ex (21F)?
I (F17) don’t know if I should cut off contact with my mother (F50s) or try to move forward with our. relationship.
(30/F) cant get my bff (30/F) out of my head
How do I (20F) approach my little sister’s (18F) weirdly controlling boyfriend (20M)?
Was my ex (21F) using me (23M) the whole time?
Was I, (23M), just being used by my ex (21F)?
How to get over a breakup??
How do I approach my (20F) sister’s (18F) strangely controlling boyfriend (20M) ?
How to get over a breakup?? :(
I [22 F] am having a hard time trying to get my boyfriend [22 M] to pay more attention to the hygiene of his booty.
I (34F) need to divorce my husband (35M) of 3 years.
my [18f] best friend [21f] keeps asking for space and then comes back and then asks for space again. am i being annoying? please help!!!
A confusing love triangle.. Help me!! Advice?
Should I dump my boyfriend
TLDR: M27 vs F25, no winners thanks to alcohol
I [21] decided to become friends with an ex [22]
I have accepted defeat. LDRs never work. Its game over for me. I have given up on love. I have finally grown up.
I cheated on my girlfriend before we were together.
How do I[m28] keep my self from freaking out when my[f29] girlfriend doesn't pay attention to me for a while.
Am I a shitty person for moving on from a long term relationship quickly?
Sweet messages for a guitarist who likes rock music.
All the Red Flags but oh the pain
I cheated on my girlfriend before we were technically together. (Lesbian 21F)
I 27(M) am struggling with my 25(F) moving
Friend died, trying to involve his parents
I feel atracted to a girl that I barely see
Am I overreacting?(23F)
Guy is giving me (F20) mixed flirty signals or am I just overthinking it?!
I feel atracted to a girl that I barely see
How do I [21F] stop liking and thinking about someone [25M]
How do I [21F] stop liking and thinking about someone [25M]
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) has the emotional intelligence of a turnip.
I (27)M don’t know what to do with (25)F when she moves
how do you stop liking/thinking about someone
How do I (21F) stop holding on to memories of what our (22M) relationship used to be and let go of the mess that it is now?
I (21F) am holding on to a fling from abroad with a (22M) and need to let it it go. How do I do that? He’s giving me no reasons to stay.
I romantically cheated on my girlfriend before we were technically together and she hates me PLS HELP. (*LESBIAN DRAMA*)
Am I (23F) really putting my fiance (23M) in an impossible situation between me and his parents?
Am I (21M) overreacting about the way my girlfriend (25F) has been behaving towards me?
I [21] just decided to become friends with my ex [22]
Is my boyfriend [24 M] right that it would be inappropriate for me [24 F] to wear a bikini while on a private vacation with colleagues this weekend?
Is liking/following/using Instagram cheating?
my [18F] best friend [21F] is always annoyed with me. am i being annoying? please help!!!!
Broke up with her at a bad time. Help?
Met a guy on a plane, stupidly gave him my number and now can't deal
Unhealthy Red Flags but oh the pain
My (25/F) boyfriend's (25/M) roommate (25/M) and his roommate's girlfriend (25/F) are upset with me for not making a point to say hello to them whenever I come over.
I met a guy, gave him my number and now I want to back out nicely.
Guy is giving me (F20) mixed signals or am I just overthinking??
Big time need of advice (breakup)
My girlfriend [24F] has family pressure to marry and have kids while I [23M] want to take my time
Feeling unappreciated
I [29 F] have always been referred by a handful of friends as their “best friend” but I’ve never considered anyone a best friend.
Should I dump my boyfriend[24 m]
found out he had a gf the whole time
Guy troubles
My girl (22F) told me she's only partially in love with me (29M)
Relationship advice
Is it weird to give platonic friends a valentine's day gift?
At my wits end
Asian/White Multicultural Relationship is Failing
I [24f] am feeling neglected and undesirable by my [25m] husband.
I (30m) am hung up on a relationship (28f) that ended a year ago and it's really hurting my life.
I (M23) repeatedly lied to my girlfriend (F22) about a family issue. In your opinion, is lying always the ultimate red flag?
18 [M] unsure on how to deal with 18 [F] potential partner
I [24f] am feeling neglected and undesirable by my [25m] husband of 3 years.
Is it still OK for me [25M] or my friends to date 18-19 year olds?
Would you guys be okay with your boyfriend/girlfriend going out to get coffee or lunch with an old friend?
Bf [19M] told me [21M] he enjoys getting blackout drunk. Very concerned.
At my wits end
Would you guys be okay with your boyfriend or girlfriend going out to coffee or lunch with an old friend?
I (18/M) feel uprooted and I don't know if I still want to follow the path I'm on
Me (21m) and my boyfriend (21m) broke up and for the first time I am experiencing heartbreak.
Me(21F) and my BF (24M) back pain is ruining our relationship.
Due to family conflicts, I (18/M) feel uprooted and I don't know if I still can dedicate to art
I (M23) repeatedly lied to my girlfriend (F22) about a family issue. In your opinion, is lying always the ultimate red flag?
Me (21m) and my boyfriend (21m) broke up. For the first time I think I am truly heartbroken.
I (19M) want to see my Therapist again but don’t want my family to know about it
Want to go back to therapy without my parents knowing about it
My husband is a Republican [25M] and I'm a Democrat [25F]. Are we incompatible?
My parents found out I had sex and I don't know what to do
I F(23) am sleeping with a guy M(28) but I haven’t met his friends
Would it be stupid for me [22F] to move in with my boyfriend [21M]
Gf wont get off xbox
my girlfriend wont get off xbox
I [28F] think I need to break up with my boyfriend [30M] of 5 years
My [18M] professor [40s?F] who hates me gave me her phone number after class and got really close with me. I’m confused
Valentines Day gift ideas for girlfriend
I'm a Democrat [24F] and my husband is a Republican [25M] Are we incompatible?
Me (21F) and my BF (24M) has back pain and it’s ruining our relationship
Moms boyfriend constantly makes inappropriate comments, what do I do?
I [M18] didn't delete old nudes of past relationships/hookups and now my girlfriend [F18] is very upset. Am I a terrible boyfriend? Or is it a simple mistake that I can learn from?
M[17] asking about previous lovers F[17]
My [25F] ex girlfriend [21F] won't leave me alone but doesn't want me back either
My gf [F27] is losing interest in me [30m] and cannot communicate why she is “confused” lately. How do I move forward?
My [25F] ex girlfriend [21F] won't leave me alone but doesn't want a relationship with me
I didn't delete nudes of past relationships/hook-ups and now my girlfriend is very upset at me. Am I a horrible person? Or just an understandible mistake?
Dealing with previous lovers
My Roommate Accused Me Of Assaulting Him
I [28F] think I need to break up with my boyfriend [30M] of 5 years
My boyfriend [28m] got a happy ending massage and didn't tell me [25f] for two weeks
Do I (M24) attempt to rekindle a friendship with a long time friend (M25)?
What next?
boyfriend (29M) almost always watches porn of skinny women (23F)
Coworker is being passive aggressive...how do I respond?
My roommate accused me of assaulting him
My (26f) boyfriend (26m) always gets too drunk on night outs and I don’t know how to approach it.
Am I just fickle or is this a science thing?
I [28F] have met someone [28M] really special after about a decade since I ever had anything like this, but there have been a few things that I don't really know how to cope with and I'm scared I don't have the perspective or the wisdom to know how to proceed now
AITA [17F] at church when my dad [50M] is speaking?
My [28m] boyfriend got a happy ending massage didnt tell me [25f] for two weeks
I (14F) think I am bisexual and want to try going out with my friend (13F) to see what it feels like.
I (30M) need some advice about my partners’ (27F) close mindedness. 2 yr r’ship
So I got broken up with today. It really blows
I (14F) think I am bisexual and want to try going out with my friend (13F) to see what it feels like.
How do couples decide they want to/ready to become parents?
So I just got broken up with today
AITA for feeling awkward at church when my dad is speaking?
I have met someone really special after more than a decade since I ever met someone like him, but there have been a few things that I don't really know how to deal with and I'm scared I don't have the perspective or the wisdom to know how to proceed now
I (16F) would like to hear about you and your SO’s love story
Okay guys what’s you and your SO cute love story?
My (F19) boyfriend (M20) is punishing me for not being able to help him.
I [21F] can’t connect with my bf[21M] during sex it not sure if it’s because of stress or exhausted or if something about him???
I [27M] not sure where to go after what my gf [18] has done.
Moving On
I [23f] miss my dad but I am the only one who feels like this, and I don't think we can ever have the relationship back we used to have
(21F)I cant connect with my bf(21M) during sex and I don’t know if it’s because i’m too stressed and busy or if it’s because of something to do with him??
My best friend (F23) is in a unhealthy love/friendship with her ex(M27)
Is it possible to love two people at once?
I think that my best friend (F22) is in a unhealthy love/friendship with her ex
why am I unable to connect with my bf all of a sudden??
[UPDATE] My boyfriend lied to me..I don’t trust him anymore.
We broke up, he (42M) left my (30F) house and I was so relieved...but then he came back?!
We broke up, he (42M) left my (30F) house and and I was so relieved... but then he came back?!
I (22F) have financially provided for myself and my boyfriend (23M) for awhile now and he is making zero effort to help or lighten the load on my shoulders.
I made the dumb decision to try and be friends with my ex who monkey branched into another relationship and I regret it...but I still have feelings for him.
Update: We broke up, he (42M) left my (30F) house and I was so relieved... but then he came back?!
Easy Assistance with Valentines Day Gift for girlfriend
Easy assistance with Valentines Day Gift
I promised never to do distance but then my girlfriend transferred and decided to try it. Been at it for about 6 months, Now I don't know if I want this anymore.
I [28F] want sex more often than my husband [29M]
Easy assistance with Valentines Day gift for my girlfriend
how to get over a breakup
I [28F] want sex a lot more often than my husband [29F]
My friends fiancée wants to set me up with her friend
[26F] What should you ask a guy to find out if he is still hung up on someone?
how to get over a breakup
My boyfriend (M21) didn’t do anything for my (F21) birthday
[26F] What should you ask a guy to find out if he is still hung up on someone?
Made the dumb decision of telling my monkey branching ex that I wanted us to be friends.
What should you ask a guy to find out if he is still hung up on someone?
My Boyfriend Did Nothing For My Birthday
My [37F] husband [40M] got arrested last night, and his reaction is upsetting me.
I (39f) found out my husband (45f) cheated 5 years ago and lied until now.
How do I get over a break up?
Overly Attached Friend?
I (22F) am working and supporting my boyfriend (23M) & myself and he doesn't seem motivated to help.
Am I overreacting to my mothers behavior
I promised never to do distance but then my Girlfriend transferred. Now I don't know if I want this anymore.
My FWB (26/m) doesn’t want me (23/f) to hang out with my ex (26/m) anymore.
Can someone still love you and cheat on you?
Is it possible to love two people?
Me (f34) boyfriend (40) for almost 3 yrs debating breaking up but worried I’m being unfair
Is it reasonable for me (26/f) to do ALL the housework if I’m working full-time and my bf (26/m) is a student?
How to handle this situation? Pls help I’m at a loss
I (F22) want to take a vacation with my guy friends (All 22). Worried about SO'S (M22) reaction?
I (29F) was told by an ex (30M) that our 1 year relationship had no romance.
Bf (21m) won’t post me (21f) on social media
The worst part of breaking up is the things that now are associated to the person and you can't appreciate on the same way than before
How do I make my relationship more interesting?
My friend, who is a female and 20’s, hates her job but she wants to makes sales to buy her car. She has applied to every job but no calls. I even bought a box to boost up her confidence. What should I do?
How do I make my relationship more interesting?
Me [28] and my sister [36] my letter/poem for her. (Long)
My(F28) Husband (M28) doesn't get along with My Best Friend's(30F) Fiance(M28) but they Work together...
[20]F with a sudden burst of jealousy because my boyfriend[20] of 4 months sent me a pic of an Instagram model(one that he's been mentioning often) while we were already sexting....
What to do when my [23F] friends [20's M/F] don't like my boyfriend [23M]?
Threatening messages from my (23f) abusive ex (40m)
How would you feel if your significant other went solo to a wedding that you weren't invited to?
choosing between two people?
Fell in love with a guy at work 2 years ago. Became close friends. Should I let him go?
I (29F) have no idea how to be romantic.
Me (32F) and my therapist had a weird encounter and I feel some kind of way about it. Do I end it? (That feels weird to say but it’s kind of true)
Choosing between two people
Mr beast
Helping friend
Girlfriend (21) isn't talking to me (23M) because I said her Bitmoji was too hot
For those whose boyfriend's don't celebrate Valentines day, how do y'all feel?
Was my date not relationship material? Was he being a pessimist or just a realist?
me (mtf 18) and my bf (ftm 18) dont have a healthy relationship [tw: suicidal thoughts]
Me [28] and my sister [36] my letter/poem for her. (Long)
How do I (M19) repair and rebuild my relationship with my ex (F19)?
Was my date a pessimist or a realist?
I [18M] have been dating my S/O [18] for 2 years and haven't even seen their face/heard their voice yet
I [31m]don’t know what to do with my relationship with my SO [35f] that was diagnosed with BPD
Do I[18f] tell my fuckbuddy[20m] that I like him?
Should I [M18] send him [18M] a message?
Why do so many people settle for less than they deserve?
How do I (26F) deal with my insane mom (F55)?
My (18f) long-distance boyfriend (17m) is severely depressed and doesn't show a lot of love
I [26M] broke up with my GF[28F] in a pretty civil manner. Still, I can't make peace with myself
Do I[18f] tell my fuckbuddy[20m] that I like him or not?
Gf got a lil stache
My(27M) girlfriend (26F) of three years just broke up with me - what do I do?
Brother and sister living situation, some disagreements on cleaning and neatness
My mother [56F] is babying my brother and I [20M] and [23] and we're not sure what to do about it
She treated me like shit so I broke up with her. I need her back and she doesn't need me
She treated me like shit and I broke up with her. I need her back but she doesn't need me
How do i (20M) get and ex girlfriend (19F)out of my head its been almost 4 years and i still think about her.
Helping friend
Is my (F28) best friend (M28) a pathological liar?
I [19M] get easily paranoid since my girlfriend [18] moved to another city
I (28/f) am crushing on this guy (37/m) who I never met but I'm a fan of his YouTube/Twitch channels
My [25M] GF [20F] dumped me and we stayed FWB. Told her I didnt want that after she said she needed to focus on her today and she didnt reply. What do I do?
I (25F) don't find my husband (25M) funny anymore
Boyfriends (M23) Best Friend (M23)
I (M27) accidentally made my partner (22F) feel like her concussion recovery has been a burden for me. How can I set boundaries for myself while also supporting her in this process?
My gf [25F] gave me a second chance. Help me [25M] not screw up especially Valentine's Day!
How would you feel if you partner (male) (40)randomly posted this?
I (M27) just accidentally made my partner (F22) feel like her concussion recovery has been burdensome for me. How do I set my boundaries and support her in a healthy way?
My (23f) boyfriend (28m) says he treats me worse than any of his exes.
Don't know what to do
I [36/F] feel insecure with him [35/F] due to communication problems.
how would you feel if your partner posted this for no apparent reason?
Is sex the be-all and end-all?
My boyfriend keeps making negative comments about my butt and it’s making me insecure.
Is sex the be-all and end-all?
Did I get baby trapped?
My girlfriend [21] still feel insecure about my [23] ex, how do I help her insecurities?
Me [30F] with my partner [35M] 4 years living together, he’s always playing video games and I’m struggling to cope
[Non-Romantic] My (29f) boss (40's m) came to work drunk. Do I report this to someone?
I'm out of an abusive relationship
My girlfriend still feel insecure about my ex, how do I help her insecurities?
Finally Out of an abusive relationship.
My boyfriend keeps making negative comments about my butt and it’s making me insecure.
My girlfriend still feel insecure about my ex, how do I help her insecurities?
GF isn’t happy with me going out drinking with friends without her
I don’t know how I should ask this girl out
Kobe Bryant died and it’s ruining my relationship
I can't get my son to stop making the same jokes over and over again and it's really stressing me out, and then he claims we're "punitive" and "overbearing". How can I get him to stop?
I (17M) was denied by my crush (17F) for a date, and she tried to initiate conversation again?
Don't know if I(26F) should break up with my amazing bf(28M) of 6 years
Kobe Bryant died and it’s ruining my relationship
Negativity in relationships
How to go about asking how my friend feels about my boyfriend joining us at the end of our 10 week trip?
Boyfriends best friend
So me F(29) and this guy M(25)I'm dating called me a pervert and I said goodbye, but now i miss him?What do I do??
I (21m) cannot continue with my (23f) girlfriend
My ex started messaging me
How do I tell my(18M) boyfriend (22M) that I had to stop going to school because I couldn't afford it?
So me and this guy I'm dating called me a pervert and I said goodbye, but now I miss him?What should I do?
So me and this guy I'm dating called me a pervert and I said goodbye, but now i miss him?What do I do?
When should I (26 F) travel to visit the guy (26 M) who lives pretty far away?
My boyfriend has narcissistic tendencies, how to get past it
Do you allow your husband to watch porn?
How to go about asking how my friend feels about my boyfriend joining us at the end of our 10 week trip?
I (17M) got rejected by my crush (17F) a few months ago, and now she's trying to talk again?
I [32m] have a drastically higher libido than my [26f] gf. Anyone have experience in lowering their libdo through natural methods. Serious responses only.
Stopped talking to my friend after five years of friendship
My (25/M) friend (29/M) disinvited me from his wedding because I called it off with his soon-to-be SIL (25/F) after a couple of dates.
My [18M] friend [18M] wants to cut contact with me because I remind him of his dead father
How do we m(30) and f(31) go on? Can we?
My (25M) Girlfriend's (24F) friends keep telling my girlfriend that they don't like me and she should date a guy in her girlfriends friend circle.
My friend [18M] wants to cut contacts with me [18M] because I remind him of his dead father
Friend (29F) says she's waiting for the right time to see me(26F)
Trying to not entertain my boyfriend's petty moments.
I don’t know how to deal with my boyfriend’s sister
Boyfriend (21 M) keeps getting mad at me because I (20 F) wont allow him to pee and throw shit on me while I shower
How do I become emotionally close with others?
I don’t know how to deal with my boyfriend’s sister
My (M 19) Girlfriend (f 18) is disrespectful to me. Saying stuff like im a zero in bed.
Boyfriend keeps getting mad at me because I wont allow him to pee and throw shit on me while I shower
Mom sending me big flower display to my college dorm for Valetines day, very embarrassing
Should I allow my husband watch porn?
Is it weird that I [29M] am a little upset that my girlfriend [29F] will start working from home as soon as we move into a new apartment?
How do we continue? Can we continue?
Is it weird that I [29M] am a little upset that my girlfriend [29F] will start working from home as soon as we move into a new apartment?
My GF gets mad when I slap her too hard
My dad was an heroin addict
My GF gets mad when I slap her too hard..
Stopped talking to my friend after five years of friendship
My dad was an heroin addict
My GF gets mad when I slap her too hard..
My (25f) ex of 2 months (25m) contacted me in a somewhat aggressive manner yesterday, and I'm thoroughly confused by the encounter.
How long should i wait for the "chill" part in netflix and chill?
How long should i wait for the "chill" part in netflix and chill?
Do you have to tell your partner if you have a mentally ill family member, or a mental illness that runs in the family?
Please HELP - My [32M] Fiancee [24F] Wants to Have the Baby of Her Abusive Dead Ex and I Can't Handle It
Need advice after coming on a little strong- I’m F(22), he’s M(28). Only 2 dates in
Please HELP - My [32M] Fiancee [24F] Wants to Have the Baby of Her Abusive Dead Ex and I Can't Handle It
My (M/15) “Friends” are ruining my Relationship (F/17)
Please HELP - My [32M] Fiancee [24F] Wants to Have the Baby of Her Abusive Dead Ex and I Can't Handle It
Bad feeling
What should I do
I got asked out by a girl
Successful Power Couple lacking Passion. VP [28M] and Dr. [29M] DTR Help!?
I [23 M] was turned down by a coworker [19 F] and I want to try to stay friends
How did you know when your S/O was the one?
I want to go backpacking through Asia but my girlfriend doesn’t want me too
My [21M] brother [17M] won't speak to my parents due to his hypochondria
How to recover after coming on too strong... 😅
How do I (24M) continue to maintain her (23F) interest over time if she’s clearly interested at the beginning of the courtship?
My (M/15) “Friends” are ruining my Relationship (F/17)
My [21M] brother [17M] hasn't spoken to our parents in months due to his hypochondria and anxiety, and I don't know how to get him help.
I (17M) am trying to make sure my relationship with my girlfriend (17F) doesn’t end because of college
Is it seen as creepy if I (m28) try to do anything relating to a romantic gesture for the woman (f29) I met from OKC a few days ago and have been texting a lot?
I got asked out by a girl
Hoping to be finally able to sleep peacefully. The break-up was a long saga finally culminating three months back. And here's my story.
Should I (m17) make the first move or waiting for her (f18) doing the first move?
Thoughts on Relationships
My (28f) boyfriend (32m) says he doesn't put much effort into sex with me because I'm mean.
Am I getting manipulated?Please I need help
I (18M) fell in love with best friend (18M)?
I (17M) am trying to make sure my relationship with my girlfriend (17F) doesn’t end because of college
Some of my friends are upset with me [m20]
Taking boyfriend out for picnic on Valentine’s Day, looking for ideas of what food to pack.
I (18M) fell in love with best friend (18M)?
Messed up so badly
I got asked out by a girl
Not sure if Im happy
Hand shake
Playing games with someone who finds fault in every move you make?
I [29F] finally left my ex [32M] and now he is going through all of my data.
I [29F] finally left my [32M] emotionally abusive partner after 5 years, now he is changing all my passwords.
Is the phrase, “I’ll never get back with you,” always true?
Is it normal to feel out of love before your period
I(17M) just got dumped by the love of my life (17F). She says she still loves me romantically a bit and just doesn't wanna be in a relationship. Help.
My gf ex friend with benefit
I(17M) just got dumped by the love of my life (17F). She says she still loves me romantically a bit and just doesn't wanna be in a relationship. Help.
My[25M] ex [25F] cheated on me, I am having difficulties meeting new people
I got asked out by a friend
I [23F] will be losing my entire support system in about 3 months, how can I mentally prepare?
Should I (17F) break up with my boyfriend (20M)?
Is it normal to be attracted to weird men?
I (26F) have been getting intimate with my friend’s ex boyfriend (27M) for a year and nobody knows
My View on Relationships
Should I (17F) break up with my boyfriend (20m)?
Is he choosing his son and babymomma over me!?
My Coworkers never talk to me unless I initiate?
Ex started frequenting tea bar I'm a regular at, where I met current gf and have lots of regular friends. She's trying to make friends with the same people and only began going after we broke up. What do I do?
My best friend and roommate (19f) has so many double standards in our friendship and she won’t “let” me play my music
I’m jealous when my boyfriend hangs out with his friend
How do I help my boyfriend of 5 months with this bi polar depression.
Ex started frequenting tea bar I'm a regular at, where I met current gf and have lots of regular friends. She's trying to make friends with the same people and only began going after we broke up. What do I do?
Parental Wills
Me[24F] feel weird\uncomfortable if parents try to show affection, or vice versa
Ex started frequenting tea bar I'm a regular at, where I met current gf and have lots of regular friends. She's trying to make friends with the same people and only began going after we broke up. What do I do?
Should I break up with my GIRLFRIEND
My ex (25M) gifted me (22F) concert tickets right before we broke up. Should I still invite him to come with me?
Am I[21F] overreacting?
My ex bought me concert tickets as a gift before we broke up. Should I still take him?
Me[24F] feel weird/uncomfortable if parents try to show affection/ vice versa
He (25M) always blocks me (21F) everywhere without a valid reason and I have a hard time saying no when/if he comes back
He (25M) always blocks me (21F) everywhere without a valid reason, and I have a hard time saying no when he comes back
Last ditch effort fam.
teenagers living kinda far away from each other?
Feel weird if parents try to show affection, also vice versa
Does it make me a CUCK if I enjoy watching my wife with other WOMEN? (Def not men tho)
Why would my ex (m26) text me (f21) out of the blue after telling me he didn't want to see me anymore?
Is he interested or just being nice?
How can I [36f] better respond to my husband's [33m] insecurities about doing...anything/everything?!
I[21F] am not sure if I'm overreacting
I'm in pining for a girl who in a relationship with another guy but I have wonder should I get over her. How do I get this crush out of my mind?
Family disapproval
I [32F] think my husband [33M] might be gay and I'm not sure what my next steps are.
Me [16F] wants to help with my LDR boyfriend's [19M] with his depression
I don’t stay mad, and then later question if I overreacted?
Giving girlfriend space
Is he interested?
Valentine help
My (29/M) GF (27/F) has $318k in student loans, $17k in credit card debt, and marriage is on the radar, what’s the best way to attack this?
My boyfriend [M] [35 years old] wants to take me [F] [27 years old] to his home country Turkey but I fear its not safe for Americans. Weve been dating 3 months
I am [26M] the girl I fancy is [25F] is ok to masturbate to her Facebook and Instagram photos?
I (F20) am extremely worried about losing my brother (M15)
Yesterday was the worst birthday ever in my mind. Am I being dramatic?
I'm in a good relationship but I have a crush on someone else. How do I get this crush out of my mind?
Is masturbating to a girl you like FB or IG photos morally acceptable or is it wrong?
My[29F] SO[29F] keeps pulling the bedding off me at night and I can’t sleep
Relationship advice needed - how do I support my depressed girlfriend?
Yesterday I had the worst birthday I have ever had. Am I being dramatic?
Valentine help
I [32F] think my husband [33M] might be gay and I'm not sure what my next steps are.
Secret friends in relationships.
Boyfriend used to cross dress/have sex with men
My boyfriend wants to take me to visit his home country Turkey. My govt says its unsafe
3 biggest red flags in an early stage of a relationship?
My mom just lost a long battle with cancer about two months ago. She and my dad never got along, and now my dad wants to get rid of every trace of her.
teenagers living towns apart of each other
Should I [20M] give something to my crush [20F] on Valentine's Day?
Should I [20M] give something to my crush [20F] on Valentine's Day?
Struggling to find an answer
My (27m) gf (25f) is well liked by the people around her. Treats them very well and has a fantastic circle of friends, but treats me like trash. Is this a normal kinda thing?
Help me do the right thing, 28 male 26 female
My GF (22) wants me to be more involved with her friends.
I've finally decided to report my rapist
My boyfriend cheated on me during our break
My (27m) gf (25f) is well liked by the people around her, treats them very well, and has a fantastic circle of friends, but treats me like trash. Is this a normal kind of thing?
I [22F] accidentally overhead acquaintance [20sF] tell her story of sexual assault. She doesn’t know I know.
I've finally made the decision to report my highschool rapist who attends the same college at me
My girlfriend [20] broke up with me [24] today after being on break for a week, telling me that she had just lost interest in the relationship. I had asked her for a reason why but she wouldn’t tell me anything.
Struggling to find an answer
Broke up with my girlfriend today
[Update] Wife[49 F] loves another woman[50 F]
How Do I [26m] Quiet My Anxiety in My Relationship [21f]?
I [27/F] can't stop being grossed out by my sister [23/F] and her older boyfriend [32/M]
Does watching porn affect your relationship/perception of your SO? If so, HOW?
My boyfriend cheated on me when we were not talking for a while in between
How can I [22F] love two people?
[Update]Wife is in relationship with another women tl;dr: Wife has come to terms with her sexuality after an affair with a woman and most probably our marriage cannot continue. We will be staying together till daughter's exam. Wife has limited contact temporarily with the women.
What do i [M25] do when i feel my fiance [F22] is overreacting?
This is getting complicated and I don’t know what to do
How do I [16] M convince my friend [16] M not to kill himself
Help! I (f19) wanna surprise my boyfriend (m20) for valentines virtually!
I love two people...
Moms boyfriend (44) made a drunken pass at me. What do I do?
Help! I (f19) wanna surprise my boyfriend (m20) for valentines virtually!
One of my (23F) roommates (23F) has been acting mean to me lately?
Do you believe in horoscope and is your partner one of the signs listed? The article I found states that these horoscope signs hate Valentine's Day, which doesn't necessarily mean it's true.
Idk
This is a story about an inheritance ...
Explanation plus first date
One of my (23F) roommates (23F) has been acting kind of mean to me lately?
Does your siblings read your journal behind your back?
Should I try a final attempt a reconciliation with my ex-friend?
why is it so hard to leave a toxic relationship??
Help! I (f19) wanna surprise my boyfriend (m20) for valentines virtually!
Valentine's Day
My [22 F] ex-friend's [22 M] birthday is coming up.
How do I [16] M convince my friend [16] M not to kill him self
Help me understand this womam
Help me understand this woman
Can someone explain relationships to me?
Have you received a surprise on a DTC DNA/Ancestry test?
My depressed boyfriend broke up with me and I ended up calling 911 due to concern
Was I (23F) abusive to him (27M)? Together 3 years.
Relationship is on the rocks, and I[22F] don't want to spend valentine's day with my boyfriend[22M]
Depressed boyfriend broke up with me a few hours ago, I’m a total mess and I terribly need some advice
Is it wrong to have a crush on someone else while in a relationship?
Porn and communication about porn
Problems at home and fights with mom. Really need help
My [M23] siblings [F22], [M20], [F15] show no ambition for life.
Ex-FWB keeps emailing me
I (24f) left a job over 5 months ago, and the person (60f) who replaced me is still asking for help
How to deal with a girl rejecting you and how to get her to like you after being friend zoned?
My boyfriend (21m) and I (19f) have a different outlook on tidiness, spending money, planning...
I feel confused? (F23) (M25)
I'm(29F) considering ghosting my father.
Was I (23F) abusive? 27M 3 years together
If it's a mutual break-up why is it so sad?
I (24) am stressed as my girlfriend (22) is traveling with her friend I never met and they are sharing apartment.
My (39 F) husband (40 M) wants us to move 1,000 miles to be near his parents
Do I break up with him on our anniversary?
Girlfriend (35) and I (34) having problems. 4 year relationship.
My (39 F) husband (40 M) wants us to move 1,000 miles to be near his parents
My girlfriend (35) and I (34) are having issues. Together 4 years.
If it's a mutual break up why does it sting so bad?
Need advice on lesbian relationship
Am I overinterpreting her signs?
I(F18) am in a FWB situation, he(M24) never texts first. (A bit long)
Friend breakup is affecting me and may affect others
My [f/25] boyfriend [m/30] went out of his way to facebook stalk an ex - am I overreacting?
I blocked the man I love yesterday.
Need advice for a Relationship that I can’t figure out what to do with. Am I crazy or wrong?
Am I overthinking her hints?
I blocked the man I love on everything yesterday.
I [19F] don't know why my boyfriend [19M] is lying to me
Had suspicions my gf was using dating apps
How can my (21F) mom (39F) tell her friend (42F) that I want to have a formal relationship with her ex-husband (39M) (he is also my mom's friend)
Losing my relationship because of my partners son. It is slipping away.
Need advice for what I think is toxic
My [29F] SO[29F] keeps pulling the sheets off me in her sleep and I can’t sleep
Female Friend [25F] always seems to have a problem with the women I [26M] date
32(f) how to deal with partner 46(m) not being a morning person
I [F25] don't know how to get back into dating after a traumatic relationship
I'm [30F] high libido. I can't bring myself to want my boyfriend [30M] after some things he has said. This is not sustainable. Please help.
Girlfriend [19F] keeps talking to guys who obviously like and flirt with her , but gets angry when I [21M] mention it . Am I Missing Something ?
I am torn between my sister(19f) and my wife (30F)
I (24) am stressed out because of my girlfriend (22) as she’s with her friend I never met and they’re sharing apartment
My (18f) boyfriend's (19m) mother really hates me and its making our relationship difficult
Need advice regarding my relationship with best friend (both 30F)
My (18f) boyfriend's (19m) mother hates me for no reason and it really gets to me
Should I tell her that her bf cheated?
Is it unfair to my (28yoF) boyfriend (30yo) that my mindset on having children depends on the upcoming election and stability of the U.S.'s administration in the next 4 years?
How To Kiss On Valentine's Day
I (21f) don’t know if this RA (20m) is just being friendly or flirting
I (21f) don’t know if this RA (20m) is flirting w me or just being very friendly
I’m pregnant and to afraid to tell my estranged boyfriend.
WIBTA if I asked my boyfriend to pay me back?
I (40s M) have an ethical conundrum about letting my SIL (40s F) have some of my late wife's ashes.
Would it be wrong for me (18F) to ask one of my crushes (18M) to see Sonic on Valentines Day while not being over other people and not wanting a serious relationship at the moment?
Complicated relationship
So my [28F] husband [29M] downloaded Tinder
My (24F) parents (47F, 52M) guilt me 24/7 and it's taking a toll on my mental health.
I (23M) need advice about my (23F) crush!
My(f25) bfs(m26) and his family views are driving me crazy and I think it's enough to make me leave.
I (19) may have jeopardized a relationship with my GF (18), and I’m not sure how to repair it.
Can't seem to find someone who stays
Should/How should I (20F) ask my partner (22M) if he's had STI testing?
Why am I getting rejected by those calling me "boyfriend material"?
My (f27) boyfriend (m26) and his family have a lot of strange, old school values that are having me questioning continuing this relationship
I (20M) don't really know what to expect from this 'friend' (19F) ...
Should/How should I (20F) approach my partner (22M) about STI testing?
Lots of women say they would date me, but never do. Am I
Am I (24F) in the wrong for getting annoyed with my SO (27M) mother (48F) relying on him for her emotional wellbeing?
I feel like I got played by my ex
I [M 20] just learned that I make my partner [F 20] uncomfortable by getting too close sometimes.
Have You Cheated?
I need advice!
I [M 20] just learned from my partner [F 20] that I make her uncomfortable because I get too close.
I (22F) have relationship anxiety, worried my boyfriend (25M) doesn’t see a future and we are doomed
I don't know what to do
Is my (33/F) boyfriend (37/M) emotionally abusive, or what’s going on here?
I (24F) feel like I'm in constant competition with my SO (27M) mother (late40s)
Am I [F/24] being unreasonable for not wanting my sister [F/18] to wear the dress?
Introductory first date on Valentines Day. Good idea or no?
Am I [F/24] being unreasonable for not wanting my sister [F/18] to not wear the dress?
F(24) and M(30) Is my relationship healthy?
Girlfriend doesn’t give affection anymore
I I (19f) feel like I am the only one initiating time together with my boyfriend (25m). what do I do?
Am I [F/24]being unreasonable for asking my sister [F/18] not to wear that dress?
I (24F) am at a crossroads with my SO (42M)
Is this thing between me and my girlfriend normal? Have we went to far.. (M21,M20)
I (40s M) have an ethical conundrum about letting my SIL (40s F) have some of my late wife's ashes.
My boyfriend [28M] of 3 years and I [23F] are getting engaged soon. However, our sex life is so dismal, my friends think I'm settling. How can I fix this issue, or is this a lost cause?
Boyfriend [19M] asked me [25F] to watch porn with him while we have sex
Have we went too far? (M21,F20)
I MAY BE PROPOSED TO ON A MOUNTAIN AND I AM DRIVING MYSELF CRAZY TRYING TO FIGURE IT OUT AHHH
Have we went too far? (M21,F20)
I (36F) bf (37M) of 3 years told his family that I'm out to destroy his life-while I'm going through major depression and I'm alone
h
Is it appropriate if I (23F) want my bf (25M) to delete his porn stuff?
My girlfriend [23F] is emotionally and physically abusive to me [26M] when she drinks
Completel Lost Interest in GF I was Crazy About. Normal?
My boyfriend [28M] and I [23F] are getting engaged this year. However, our sex life is so dismal, my friends think I'm settling.
I feel anxious/jealous over nothing, and I dont know how to stop it. (M20, F20)
My(27F) Husband(30M) makes a joke that our baby might not be his son
I (32|F) am confused about what my friend/crush (33|M) of a year really wants.
Not sure what to do need all the advise I can get
I (23F) am sensitive about my SO (27M) height
Am I(26F) being uptight for being offended by my husband's joke(30M) that our baby might not be his baby?
Boyfriends porn history
I am having a hard time to get ver this crush of mine,please help me with tis
The guilt of leaving her is killing me.
I (23F) am sensitive about my SO (27M) height difference
My (33f) Sister (35f) and Dad (64m) are using me as a go-between for their feud. How can I make this role productive?
Secret friends in relationships.
Someone Help me get over my crush
How to get over a crush?
Completely Lost Interest in GF - normal?
Can't get over my crush
WHY DO I FEEL LIKE IVE BEEN DUMPED?
I [32F] met a guy [32M] who shared so much in common - the same STD which makes dating hard, both grew up abused, and both share ideas of how a relationship should be - and he got upset with me for asking to spend VDay together. I feel like I screwed up and want to know how to fix it?
I can't get over my crush
I [F28] lied to my partner [M29] about baking some cookies. It's a dumb lie but it covers a larger issues about weight and lifestyle that I don't know how to discuss
Boyfriends porn history
Work days end at random times and I (23) want to change that
Me (32F) analyzing an argument with husband (32M) of 6 years
My [23F] friend [22M] is causing discomfort among "our" friends [20-30s], and we are all going on a trip this weekend
How To Break Up With (ex-boy) Friend for the conflict adverse?
I'm (23) having a hard time with certain company habits
plz help I know this is super long but does it sound like he likes me? It’s hard for me to know bc we insult each other so often and since I have a lot of anxiety, I can’t see past it without it clouding my judgement even if I’m not hurt by the insults lol we’re just playing around and I know that.
My close friend (27/F) "broke up" with me (24F) and in the process said some incorrect things. I want to bring it up again, but is it worth it?
Best friend/ romantic interest dilemma
I know I am the reason we broke up
Need some advice
I know I am the reason we broke up
My boyfriend is mad at me for not telling him where I’m at
I know I am the reason we broke up
A girl i know in my class that i’ve had a HUGE crush on for the past 2 years (age 15) keeps staring at me in every lesson but when i try to text her she doesn’t reply or doesn’t text me back another time? There are more signs that she might be into me but idk? Any help?? I really want to know lol???
My boyfriend is mad at me for not telling him where I’m at???
My Wife (25F) of 11 years together 2 married has been talking to her coworker (Male) intimately through Snapchat
My older siblings(17F/17F/17F) treat me(13M) younger then I am. How can I change that.
Dealing with toxic masculinity in my family
I (20M) went to a party with my GF instead of watching the super bowl with my brother (19M) and now he’s mad at
My older siblings(17F/17F/17F) treat me(13M) younger then I am.
Help Me Support My Partner
[Update] Wife loves another woman
My Wife (25F) of 11 years together 2 married has been talking to her coworker (Male) intimately through Snapchat.
Being Single Mom
Help Me Support My Partner
Why am I [26F] always the learning curve?
Does this mean he (28) can't afford valentines with me (28F)
I (20M) went to a party with my friends and GF instead of watching the Super Bowl with my brother and he got mad at me
[Update] Wife loves another woman
Me [26 M] with my best friend [ 27 M] leaving to pursue something I think is a bad idea want help expressing it to him.
Is my [26F] BF [25M] pushing my boundary or just being clumsy?
I'm gonewild girl but i'm still a virgin
My fiancé the biker - am I making a huge mistake!
I am contemplating if I [F20] am putting in too much effort with the guy [M21] I'm dating.
Worried that I'm going to lose my best mate because my wife hates his wife
I (20M) went to a party with my GF instead of watching the super bowl with my brother (19M) and now he’s mad at me
My boyfriend [31M] just dropped out of college again and I [36F] am tired of him sleeping until noon.
My best friend (22M) insulted my boyfriend (22M) and I (22M) laughed because I think he deserved it. Boyfriend obviously isn't happy. What do?
I'm worried that my relationship with my best friend will be ruined because my wife hates his wife
My gf s 22 and im 25 My girlfriend of 8 months wont get a job and gets mad at me whenever i try to push her...
Me (32F) analyzing an argument with husband (32M)
How to make boyfriend be more calm and relaxed
My dad's [60m] keto diet and workout routine seem excessive. Should I [23f] be worried or more understanding?
I 20M am fed up with waiting on my girlfriend 20F to get on the pill
My gf s 22 and im 25 My girlfriend of 8 months wont get a job and gets mad at me whenever i try to push her...
Wha
I (29F) feel like I spend enough time with my boyfriend (30M) but he says he needs more
I 20M am fed up with waiting for my girlfriend 20F to get on the pill
Boyfriend (23M) wouldn't change ticket to spend more time with me on V-Day weekend
I (20M) dodged the Super Bowl with my brother (19M) to hang out with my GF and he's pissed at me
My girlfriend is really awkward and doesn't talk to me whenever we meet, even after 7 months together.
How do I (18f) breakup with boyfriend (20)
20(M) looking for a girlfriend who is Caring and loyal I don't ask much
Gift ideas for a not quite SO
Can we find it again?
supporting health anxieties
I (32F) think my friend (40F) is in love with me?
I (33f) take things my husband (32m) says too personally.
How to break up with boyfriend
I (33F) take things too personally with my husband (32M)
Is our relationship wrong? I'm a lecturer (25F) in a university and my boyfriend (18F) is a student (not in any of my classes though)
I take things personally
He told me he loved me during sex.
I [29F] broke up with my ex [27M] of 6 years 7 months ago. I recently started seeing someone else [33M], but just found out that my ex died in a car accident over the weekend.
In Love?
How do you know your partner loves you
supporting health anxiety
I'm (24F) at a crossroads with my SO (42M)
Girl(19) im(21) dating behaved weird past 3 weeks and now wants a break? What should i do?
My (28f) boyfriend (26m) might be cheating but I’m not sure. Please help!
I'm (24F) at a crossroads with my SO (42M)
My (22m) brother (30m) wants to make his former date(27f) a present for valentine's day
I [18M] am trying to help out my brother [27M] but I don't know how
[UPDATE] We did talk about it however a new problem has risen
My husband follows sexy women on Instagram
I applied to a job in Silicon Valley (I'm from Toronto, Canada) but my dad has cancer.
Boyfriend edited my body in his Instagram post without telling me
how to make it official..?
My husband follows sexy girls on Instagram
I (20 M) cant tell if this girl (18 F) likes me. Should I just ask her out?
My brother wants to make his former date a present for valentine's day
M22 recently broke up with F21 and feel like a terrible person
Husband [33 M] never takes my [29 F] side and it may cause a divorce
My ex girlfriend said I gaslight her, idk how?
Me (15) doesn't know if it's my fault that a friend (15) is ignoring me
Me (15) is confused it it really is my fault why the friend (15) is ignoring me
Should I be upset..?
dating a good friend
Random girl (22?F) constantly trying to one-up me (24F)
(Throwaway) I had sex with someone else on a break. Please help.
I (23 M) don't know how to feel about my girlfriend (21 F) of 5 months platonically cuddling and falling asleep with another guy
Me and boyfriend M(19) and I F (18) have been together 3 years but it's not the same anymore...
dating a good friend
Need some advice
The guy I've been seeing casually left for Europe and I've gotten with 2 guys while hes away: do I tell him?
My (26m) girlfriend (26f) would kill herself if I were to break up with her
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) of three years tried to sleep with my best friend and I took him back. Am I an idiot?
ADVICE SERIOUSLY NEEDED*** be nice pls
Help
Complicated situation
She deserves better
I (27M) overstepped and upset my girlfriend (31F), how do I fix this?
Complicated sitatuion
I (23 M) don't know how to feel about my girlfriend (21 F) platonically falling asleep with another guy while cuddling
Complicated situation
Complicated situation
(Throwaway) I had sex with someone else on a break. Please help.
Am I (21F) in denial about our (23M) whole relationship?
I (27M) overstepped and upset my girlfriend (31F), how do I fix this?
I'm stuck in this situation and need help
Girlfriend (F15) mad because I (M15) can't think of a T or D question
Good news!
Girlfriend mad because I couldn't think of a T or D question
My (21M) ex (19F) broke up with me 2 weeks ago
Redditors that still talk to their exes: help me understand why?
they are all i have but they are hurting me (TW-Abuse, Self Harm, Sexual Assault)
My (25M) wife (25F) is despondent over cancelled plans
She ask for a break i do not know if i want a relationship with her again. I am (25m) she (23f)
I [22M] slept with a girl [20F] who isn't over their ex and I'm not sure on what to do next
Me (M33) not sure what to do about my partner (F38) of six year and her silent treatment.
Redditors that stay in contact with their exes: help me understand why?
How did your relationship change after you started living together.
How to handle a long-distance funk?
I slept with a girl who isn't over their ex and I'm not that sure on what to do next
I feel like I'm a stranger in my own home
I feel like a stranger in my own home
Want to move out, my parents refuse to support my decision
My (16M) Girlfriend (16F) just has a fight with her mum and now I’m worried for her
My (16M) girlfriend (16F) of 1 year just had a fight with her mum and now I’m worried sick about her.
Toxic mom ruining my relationship
My (16M) Girlfriend (16F) just had a fight with her mum and now I’m worried
I need help with a odd situation
bf [18M] and i [18F] are going through a rough patch in our relationship. what can we do to make it better?
My (23F) bf (32 M) cheated on me with an escort and I have an urge to expose her to her mom
My abusive, over-controlling mom adopted a dog in order to force me to go back.
Is it wrong for me (20f) to give him (20m) a “if you keep refusing help I’ll have to leave” ultimatum?
I don't know if this is the right sub but pls help me
How to deal with loneliness [M24] and recover from a breakup?
I (27F) asked my boyfriend (23M) why i deserved him and he said its because i bought him chicken. What is the weirdest thing your partner has whispered in your ear after you asking why you deserve them?
Is it wrong for me to give him a “get yourself help or lose me” ultimatum?
Husband doesn't know if he wants to be with me
UPDATE: How do you forgive your partner for drunkenness?
I [20m] broke up with abusive ex [22f] of 4 years recently. It's killing me, and I don't think I'll be the same again. I don't think I'll ever find a partner.
Should I [28m] call it quits with someone [24f] who I feel an extremely deep connection with, before things have even started?
UPDATE: How do you forgive your partner for drunkenness?
Boyfriend (37) is online on WhatsApp at odd hours
Is it me or are ruined dates better than normal ones?
Am I (28,m) Reading Too Much Into Ex's (25,f) "as friends" Invite?
My [26F] best friend [26F]’s enneagram is guiding her to lean into her inner self-centered asshole
what are some Valentine's day gift ideas for me to give/do for my boyfriend that cost little to nothing? Im 23/F & he's 25/M
WhatsApp causing issues
WhatsApp causing issues
I never forgot a girl who’s face I’ve seen twice
SOS! HELP! what are some Valentine's day gift ideas for me to give/do for my (25yo/m) boyfriend that cost very little to nothing?
I accidentally revealed the location of my friend's friend's bachelorette party. I'm dying of regret and guilt. What can I do?
Staying still and still getting caught up</3
I (F25) have been cheated on 5 times... how to learn to trust again and raise self esteem?
I [30M] don't know how to respond to my best friend [28M] opening up about his past.
What should I do that I found myself is my bf s affair?
Nervous at the thought of getting married
I (F25) have been cheated on 5 times... how to learn to trust again and raise self esteem?
Is he just horny or actually interested?
[Help] Is he playing horny or actually interested?
My married “Friend”(F,20) told me (M,21) she wanted me as her polygamous partner...
My (36m) gf (32f) told white lies to boost my ego, now I’m not sure what to believe.
I (F25) have been cheated on in 3 of my 4 serious relationships. How have you those of you who have been through something similar healed and learned to trust again?
F 36 asking how others "self-soothe" when in an argument with SO and SO asks for space.
Overanalyzing to avoid accepting that we're just friends?
How do you "self-soothe" when you're in an argument and your partner asks for space?
Was I [m/30] in the wrong for facebook searching my ex?
She ask for a break i do not know if i want a relationship with her again. I am (25m) she (23f)
My (26M) girlfriend of four months (24F) asked me to buy her a $450 TV.
How do I get my (Yandere) crush (Tsundere) to stop ghosting me so I can fight the urge to stalk him and start loving him?
Roughhousing gone bad :/
I [F]was keeping my virginity for my ex [M], now single but need intimacy
How do I get my ( Yandere ) crush ( Tsundere ) to stop ghosting me so I can fight the urge to stalk him and start loving him?
I [23F] was keeping my virginity for my ex [25M], now single but need intimacy
Is it just me or does everyone love it when dates go horribly wrong?
For our first date, i took her out for coffee and a hike.
I keep trying to convince my girlfriend that she’s real?
Does anybody else have trust issues developed from a parent's infidelity?
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) broke up with me but wants me back now.
Is my [31 F] boyfriend [32 M] too attached to family to be compatible with me?
How do I [20F] talk to my boyfriend [25M] about our relationship issues?
I need advice
My roommate is mad at me????
Not sure if pregnant or not.
How do I (24M) to prevent becoming needy or co-dependent on girlfriend (19F)?
Not sure if pregnant or not.
Should I [20m] stay friends with friend [20f] who said she loved me, but has boyfriend? Confused, and very hurt.
I (16F) feel like shit because of my friend (16M) but I'm not sure if I'm supposed to feel this way.
How do I (24M) to prevent becoming needy or co-dependent on girlfriend (19F)?
How to prevent co-dependency or neediness in a relationship?
My roommate is mad at me????
M17
Why is my boyfriend rude to me once we get drunk?
Best friend/romantic Interest dilemma
Me (22M) Thinking Of Break Up After 6 years
Girlfriend of four years, suddenly and without warning, left me and moved out with no explanation.
What's the main reason for your last breakup/ divorce?
How do I help my depressed friend who has hit rock bottom?
I [22M] broke up with a girl I'd been seeing for 2.5 years
I need advice
How do I help my depressed friend who has hit rock bottom?
Should I (22F) try to be closer to my brother (26M)?
I (16F) feel like shit because of my friend (16M)but I'm not sure if I'm supposed to feel this way.
cant decipher my emotions, or what to do..
My (27F) partner (32M) used my abortion to get out of taking responsibility for something he did which upset me. I'm really disappointed and not sure how to approach him about it.
cant decipher my emotions, or what to do..
I’ve been with my boyfriend a lot lately, so today I gave him space. Tonight, he invited me over & spent the night instead. I love sleeping next to him. I can’t get enough.
Work Friend (24F) Cold, Calculating and Superficial after Resigning
Am I abusive?(21F)(31M)
My [43f] husband [53m] takes hours for short errands and gets angry when I’m hurt by this
Girlfriend of 4 years suddenly and without warning left me and moved out.
Separating Long term partner; she joined online dating immediately!
I need advice
She ask for a break, I do not know if I want her back, I'm (25m) she (23f).
Deep down I [27F] know if I marry my fiancé [30M] I will either lose my sanity or divorce him so why does the idea of losing him paralyses me
Ex-boss "stalking" social media?
You realize it's infatuation even though it feels like Love. Then you Know it's Love. How do you know?
What can I (21M) do to help my partner (20W) out of a body image rut?
I'm scared of long distance
My ex wants me back
What can I (21M) do to help my partner (20W) out of a body image rut?
Made a some mistakes in my relationship and was antagonized and felt very guilty
Found out my (23f) boyfriend (24m) of almost two years was sending and receiving nudes.
Ex-boss "stalking" social media?
I (24m) am in a relationship for one year. Last few days I talked to another girl on Instagram (just casually) now found out that she's in love with me. I made a mistake by telling her I'm single.
I can’t sever ties with my ex boyfriend. What can I do?
My (23f) addictive personality is ruining my relationship with my husband (31m)
Long distance anxiety
One year after relationship ended, having second thoughts & contemplating...
18M looking for advice
Can't get over my crush
How do I(18) talk to a girl(19)
I'm [M][18] just so lost right now.
I can't get over my crush
Love
My addictive personality is destroying my marriage
My best friend (19M) just admitted he has feelings for me (18F), and asked me to help him get rid of them.
Is it wrong to say NO if it causes issues?
Me (36 M) married and in love with my girlfriend (22 F). Stuck in a complicated situation, What should I decide to do about it?
18M looking for advice
My best friend (19M) just admitted he has feelings for me (18F), and asked me to help him get rid of them.
Why is it hard to express my feelings?
Am I (20F) a bad daughter?
My best friend (19M) just admitted he has feelings for me (18F), and asked me to help him get rid of them.
girlfriend[17] pretended to cheat on me[17] as a joke
I (27F) know my mental health is getting worse and I want to know how to keep my relationship with my fiancé (26M) healthy while I work through it
girlfriend pretended she cheated on me as a joke
Is it wrong to say NO if it causes issues?
Childhood friend [21M] wants FWB after he found out about my sex life.
I (19F) thought I was a lesbian but I'm having feelings for my best friend (20M).
My boyfriend has been lying to me our entire relationship.
My (20) boyfriend (20) took care of me while I was blackout drunk on our anniversary and I feel guilty
My [29F] boyfriend [31M] broke up with me after 5 years together
I (16F) feel like shit because of my friend (16M) of 2 years but I'm not sure if I'm supposed to feel this way...
I (16F) feel like shit because of my friend (16M) but I don't know if I'm supposed to.
I shouldn't feel like shit but I do?
What do I (F 17) do if I’m trying to get back with my ex (M 18) after a couple months but found out he slept with someone?
When do you call someone out for mistreating you?
I (27F) want to know how to protect my fiancé (26M) from getting hurt while I sort through my worsening mental health.
Could I find a better boyfriend?
My girlfriend said I was going to rape her.
My Roommate is mad at me???
GUYSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I DID IT
Me (36 M) married and in love with my girlfriend (22 F) who has Asperger's Syndrome. Stuck in a complicated situation, What should I decide to do about it?
Am I (28f) overthinking this about my boyfriend (33m)?
Update: Slow Burn Relationships
I just found out my (19M) dream girl (19F) is in to me, and I REALLY don't wanna fuck it up
I’m a reading too much into this? How do I always remain calmer when around him?
Is it a bad idea if I(22F) serve my stepmom(54) divorce papers?
I just found out my (19M) dream girl (19F) is in to me, and I REALLY don't wanna fuck it up
Fat wife life
Am I reading too much into this? Also how can I be more relaxed when around him.
I am man[25] i want relationship on chat
My girlfriend cheated on me. What should I do?
I (28F) can’t get past previous history with my boyfriend(30M) of two years.
(30sF) transitioning to a stepmother role to (2ishF) with fiance (30sM) - issues with the kid's mom's parenting?
I (23F) am interested in him (23M) but his best friend is in the way
I can’t afford to leave my boyfriend.
39 (M) I've never had a relationship and I don't know how to start one
My (22F) Boyfriend (24M) is significantly more attractive than me and it makes me uncomfortable
39 (M) Never had a relationship and don't know how to start one
Does this mean he (28) can't afford valentines with me (28F)
Crush
I (23F) am interested in him (23M) but his best friend is in the way
Why am I like this?
39 (M) Never had a relationship and no clue how to start
Crushhhh
Parents issues as a fianl year highschooler
I (25M) spilled the beans to a friend (26F) and regret it all
What do I do
[Update] Me [33F] with my boyfriend [29M] 6 months, his brother's firstborn was due in the middle of the vacation we've already paid for
[Update] Me [33F] with my boyfriend [29M] 6 months, his brother's firstborn was due in the middle of the vacation we've already paid for
My boyfriend(19M) called me(18F) disrespectful for germaphobia
Why do I have anxiety over possibly dating this guy?
My girlfriend doesn’t want to have sex
I don’t have feelings for my husband anymore
My girlfriend doesn’t like sex
I (23m) want to message my friend/ex (21F) about how she distances herself to me and why but I don’t want to seem clingy or invasive. Idk what to do
Boyfriend called me disrespectful for germaphobia
I feel like im living with a zombie.
My (F22) Boyfriend (M21) doesn't seem too interested in me anymore even though I still care for him deeply. Should I leave before I get hurt?
Any thoughts on how to move forward when my(35M) fiancee (28f) is saying that my depression has taken it's toll and is thinking of calling it quits?
I’m not attracted to my balding boyfriend anymore! Help!
A friend of mine just blocked me from everything and I dont know why
I (23m) want to message my friend/ex (21f) about how she treats me to figure out if it’s unintentional or not
Should I marry her
I (19/F) love my boyfriend (20/M) but feel as if our time is up.
UPDATE Kicked out of house
My (27f) partner (27m) just admitted he’s scared of responsibility and commitment, is this reason to leave?
I [24f] suffer from severe retroactive jealously OCD regarding my partners [24m] past relationships. I am looking for a friend who is suffering the same thing who I could talk to and listen to.
Please help me :(
I ended a 2 year friendship with my best friend and now my sister is hanging out with her. Would it be wrong for me to ask her to stop?
I made a decisions to break up with my boyfriend earlier this week but have put it off for a couple days because I have some important events to get through before I deal with it.
My [28m] wife and best friend has left [31f]. How do I cope?
My (27F) and my bfs (25M) intimacy is seriously declining. What do i do?
I ended a 2 year friendship with my best friend and now my sister is hanging out with her. Would it be wrong for me to ask her not to?
Cheaters
5 year relationship
Is my boyfriend (24M) hiding something or was this a normal interaction
I can’t figure out what’s going on with me and my sort of ex I would say?
5 year relationship
People who married the first person you fell in love with - what is your love story?
My mom doesn't want me in her house after my sister and I told her something about my stepdad
Do guys prefer girls who are more introverted or extroverted in friendships/relationships?
Me [38 M] with my wife [35 F] (6 years, 1 married), my wife's family are assholes and want to be involved and controlling, but she doesn't see the problem with this. It is turning my life into hell, and I see it getting worse. Help! Please!
I [24F] suffer from quite severe retroactive jealously regarding my partners [24M] ex. I am looking for a friend who is also suffering the same thing that I can talk to and listen to.
I 22[F] want to move in with my 22 [M] boyfriend but I will lose my parents if I do
Feeling of love
I suffer from quite severe retroactive jealously OCD and I am looking for a friend who is suffering the same thing?
I 22[F] have parents that are adamantly against me moving in with my boyfriend 22[M] and I feel like I have an impossible choice to make
Me [22F] with my ex and best friend [21M] of two years, sexual assault rumors surfacing.
I [20m] feel like I am being played by my close friend of 4 years [20f] who has a boyfriend. Is this a healthy situation?
I [28f] am jealous of mother's [53f] 5th engagement.
My mom doesn't want me in her house after my sister and I told her something about my stepdad
Lol..my dad randomly called my fat at dinner
Lol..my dad randomly claimed I was fat during dinner
UPDATE: I (f26) am beginning to resent my sister (f23) and her boyfriend (m22) since they are my roommates
Does he (28) think his friends will hit on me (28F)
I (22) did a stupid mistake and now guy (24) won't talk to me anymore and is avoiding me HELP!
Woman vs Fleshlight
WWYD?
I (20F) Just found out he’s (25M) slept with over 200 girls??
Relationship Problem
Is it too early to move on?
Why did he say this to me?? Did he forget I like him? Sucks bc it hurts..
I (22) really like this guy (24) but he won't talk to me anymore HELP
I (30m) am still hurting from a relationship (28f) that ended a year ago.
My best friend ghosted me and I don't know what to do.
When to break up?
[SERIOUS] anyone?
We met on Valentine’s Day...
Is he dumb or forgot?? This also made me sad..
I (26F) feel like my therapist (40s F) is giving me really bad advice. But if I second guess everything then why am I seeing her? Need opinions.
Sister [21f] said she thinks I [21m] have a better relationship with our sister [12f] than we ever had.
Am I wrong for ending a long term relationship SOLELY because he has multiple children?
We met on Valentine’s Day...
I want to marry my girlfriend
My wife cheated on me while i was in prison, do you think she can change And do you think everything will be OK?
I don't want to do long distance. Should I bring this up soon?
I'm [24FTM] having a hard time communicating with my dad [59M] after my parents divorced last year
Help me!
Let's make this post a place to drain what we have inside. Share your depression or anxiety story in anonymous and we all will share with you some solutions and good words.
I WANA CHEAT, so bad
Gf (22F) hurt me (21M) during the initial days of relationship and that gets in the way of things now.
Am I wrong for ending a long term relationship SOLELY because he has multiple children?
I (19F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) and now I am regretting my decision.
Petty argument over my ability to sleep
I WANA CHEAT, so bad
Why did my ex boyfriend (18 at the time) say he would dump me if he met another girl?
I WANA CHEAT so bad, what do I do??!
F(21) gets soaked in the shower by M(22)
Should I (f/19) pursue my ex-hookup's (m/20) cousin (m/19)?
Should I stay or let him go?
How can I (27M) make up to wife (30F) for throwing her a pretty lame 30th birthday party?
I(f34)broke my family.
my friend doesnt want to play dota with me
So he kicked me to my knees in the shower
DOES SHE LIKE ME OR IS SHE FRIENDLY
My family doesnt approve of my girlfriend(23F) and I(18M) due to our gap. How do I get them to like her?
I (22m) am struggling to want to stay in my relationship after my girlfriend (21f) cheated on me
My family doesnt approve of my girlfriend(23F) and I(18M) due to our age gap. How can I get them to like her?
22 (m) may break up with GF (23F)
I (22M) am struggling to interested in staying in my relationship after my girlfriend (21F) cheated on me
I(30F) got a work promotion its making me miserable
My (39f) schizophrenic friend (40f) crossed the line. How do I proceed?
I need advice.
My 39(f) schizophrenic friend 40(f) crossed the line. How do I proceed?
My (18F) friend (18F) hates that I still like my ex (18M)
Boyfriend jerks off a couple hours after we have sex
I’m (17) Male struggling with my girlfriends attitude (17)
My friend (22F) got dumped and is taking it out on me (22F).
Am I (21F) supposed to give a Valentines gift to my bf (23M)?
My (22F) friend (22F) broke up with her girlfriend and is taking it out on me.
My (18F) friend (18F) is mad that I like my ex (18M)
Valentine’s Day and Crushes
The Rams Guy #1
I(22F) just got out of my first relationship in two years and I don’t know how to get over it 😔
Regarding Valentine’s and crushes.
I(22F) just got out of my first relationship in two years and I don’t know how to get over it 😔
My (24F) husband (23M) blocks my messages on messenger
He’s gonna propose
Why did he/she leave your relationship ? What was their "excuse"at the end of it all ? #broken
Yin and Yang?
I'm (29/f) almost 30, and have never been in a serious relationship. Should I just give up?
New job, boss has stage 4 cancer, how do I handle this?
Iv never been in a relationship....
Iv never been in a relationship...
I f[29] need help understanding Reddit.
How do I get my SO to stop drinking so heavily?
I'm (36F) too afraid to leave my boyfriend (36M)
Iv never been in a relationship...
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) can't be honest with me.
My [22M] ex [20F] said she'd give me another chance but hasn't replied to my messages...
My love towards her is probably dying and I don't know why. (19M) (17F)
My [22M] ex [20F] said she'd give me a second chance but now isn't replying to my message
I'm (36F) too afraid to leave my boyfriend (36M)
Having a second date on Valentine's day - what, if anything, should I [24 FTM] get for him [25 M]?
My love is probably dying and I don't know why (19M) , (17F)
My [19F] boyfriend [19M] deletes his texts with other girls.
My [19F] boyfriend [19M] keeps deleting his texts with other girls.
I [30F] am having a very, very hard time with my decision to breakup with my boyfriend [30M] - also my coworker - despite his verbal abuse and manipulative behaviors, and I feel guilty.
I (16 yo female) don’t know if I should date my (16 yo male) best friend.
Drifting away from my best friends
I [23F] think my suicidal girlfriend [23F] 1 yr, is emotionally abusing me.
My [21F] boyfriend [20M] was very neglectful in the beginning of our relationship. Should I just let it go?
My (23f) Ex partner (26m) wanted a threesome and blamed me for everything when I didn’t want to go through with it.
Jokingly accused of cheating. Is this a sign of an actual issue? (22M) (22F)
I broke up with my girlfriend today and I’m a wreck
Should I [F26] include my friend [F27] in a thank you post?
My (23f) boyfriend (26m) wanted a threesome, and blamed me when I got mad.
I broke up with my girlfriend today and I’m a wreck
Help for an “INFJ” in managing social/relationship life (25M)
Girlfriend (18F) has an STD
My bf (26M) posts nudes and I (26F) have trust issues from his past mistakes
Tell me: What is your idea of a fling?
Why cant I stop thinking about a girl i only spoke to for a month?
Tell me: What is your idea of a fling?
Tell me: What is your idea of a fling?
My (25M) boyfriends? (23M) and (24M) are fighting and expecting me to mediate between them – I just want out
Social help for an “INFJ” personality type (25M)
I (27F) am not sure if my bf (26M) is that into me...
I (29F) am constantly struggling to find happiness with my husband (42)
Am I [20m] being "played" by close friend [20f] with boyfriend? Should I continue being friends?
My [27f] boyfriend [26m] was sexually abused as a child and it’s affecting our relationship horribly and I don’t know what to do anymore.
Ex [21F] ended things with me [22M] but dating someone new [24M].. Is it a rebound?
I [17F] have feelings for my friend [17M] who is dating my step sister [16F]
Does my (35m) girlfriend (31f) sound like she is still in love with her ex fiancé?
i F(19) was a huge asshole to my girlfriend F(19) and i feel horrible
I am (21M) S/O (22F)
Is he afraid his (28) friends will dislike me (28F)
Never forget People can reassure you (and ultimately break your heart) with lies
Boyfriend doesn't understand mental illnesses
Looking for love in my senior years
My (27/F) ex-boyfriend (28/M) just got engaged and I’m unbelievably sad about it.
I'm (21M) S/O is (22F). Been together for almost three years.
I (21F) don't know how to confront my bf (22M) about something
(F35, M38) getting better
I [17F] have feelings for my step sister’s boyfriend
[24F] I don't love my girlfriend [26F] anymore but I'm dependent on her
Girls proposing to guys
My (32f) girlfriend gets annoyed when I (31m) make an “ah” sound after I take a sip of a refreshing beverage, and I don’t do it on purpose.
Should I text him?
Girls proposing to guys
Is something wrong with me?? Am I strange?
I (26M) got drunk and picked a fight with my girlfriend (25F) of 6 months over her ex.
Women whose SO was physically abused (male // famale)
The best thing that's ever happened too me.
Should I text him?
My first relationship is in a weird place and I don't know what to do next.
What can I do about my boyfriend who has changed since moving in?
Does this mean he (28) is afraid his friends will dislike me (28F)
How do I get over my (21f) boyfriend (23) lying to me about a past relationship
I [M21] am ashamed to ask this but...
My (27/F) ex-boyfriend (28/M) just got engaged and I’m unbelievably sad about it.
Can’t stop cheating?
Sex issues /help pls
Am I in the wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend
My (26F) girlfriend is insecure because I got a friend request on Facebook from a former coworker (30F).
Am I in the wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend
My gf hid her Instagram account with over 1k subs from me
My ex F(18) asks me to sleep with her even after we split apart
Can you make long distance work in different countries after living close?
Please Help, I’m new to reddit and not sure how it works, I just need help. My boyfriend touches me without permission.
My relationship seems to be falling apart ever since my boyfriend moved in
Deep down I [27F] know if I marry my fiancé [30M] I will either lose my sanity or divorce him so why does the idea of losing him paralyses me
Should I ask if she still likes me?
I’m 20(F) I don’t feel any attraction towards males anymore.
I(M38) and her (F35) learned
I'm pretty sure I'm over reacting, definitely needing advice.
Social help for an “INFJ” personality type
My (27f) partner (27m) and I have been fighting a lot, he hasn’t tried to have sex with me in a month and he’s now explaining why... I don’t know if I’m a fool to stay.
*TL;DR* It all started brilliant, went downhill pretty fast and then turned to a roller coaster. The complete story of a year long relationship with a disgusting finish and extreme guilt.
I m (25m) she is (23f) she asked for break I do not know what to do
I (28m) just turned down an internal job offer and my department is acting like I betrayed them
My boyfriend touches me without my permission and I’m losing my mind. Please help
My gf hid me her ig acc with 1k+ subscribers
I [37/F] am worried about my sister [35/F] who lives at home with our parents by choice because she's afraid they're going to die.
Unreasonable response?
I m (25m) she is (23f), I do not know what to do after a break
Long time girlfriend acts like I don’t exist
I (19F) don’t know how to get to know my crush (20M) when we have no reason to ever converse!
Found out my (19/F) partner (18/f) was sexually involved with a significantly younger person before our relationship. Can I forgive a one time mistake, or is it inexcusable?
This is a shit show
My[M/24] girlfriend[F/21] posts close up videos whilst squatting or deqdlifting and it bothers me.
Me(M38) she (F35) one year after...
My [M/24] girlfriendF/21] occasionally posts close up videos of her bum working out and it bothers me
I didn’t do anything bad but I feel horrible.
I (21F) got orders to the West coast and my partner (24M) will break up with me if I go. What do I do in the meantime?
Unreasonable response?
My bf (33M) says I (30F) talk too loud when excited. How do I stop?
I (31M) don’t know what to do about toxic relationship with girlfriend (29F) because of newborn baby
LDR - when to close the gap?
Can long distance really work?
I (34M) think that my Wife's (31F) friends are causing trouble in our relationship and I need advice on how to approach the topic better.
Am I (38/M) asking too much of my gf (25/F)?
Moving on after unhealthy/abusive relationships
(20M) (20F) She cheated, when/how do I forgive her?
How do women process breakups?
My son [16M] keeps fighting the parental controls I've set on his computer and phone, and it's really stressing me out having to come after him all the time.
My (27f) boyfriend (28m) was a no show for our date.
I (25M) am hung up on close friend (26M) who let me down easy
Friendship dynamics feel like middle school (30sF)
Moving on after unhealthy/abusive relationships
LDR - when to close the distance?
Having a hard time with my (F29) boyfriend (M43) who has a hard time with me going to my friends house.
Am I [17F] the worst, or is he [17M]??
How Have You Coped With A Family Member With Autism?
Worried about my friend (21F) and her relationship with her new gf(20sF)
am I in the wrong?
My gf (32f) lived with her ex and is moving out now. Not sure what to do
Heartbroken. Don't know where to start
Friendship dynamics feel like middle school (30sF)
[25M] I'm loosing interest in a girl after she falls for me. I'm always trying to get those who don't want to hangout with me, how should I overcome this?
Boyfriend (19M) of 3 months told me (19F) something that left me conflicted.
Those with autistic siblings, how do you cope with them?
Feeling Like a Fling, Months After the Fact
I (f,24) am worried about my brother (m, 28).
I'm 28(M) Stupidly in love with a girl(26F) in a relationship
Does him saying this mean that he [28/m] doesn't like me [27/f]?
When do you forgive a cheater?
I (31f) like to keep my top on during sex with my SO (30m) and apparently this matters now??
College Friend Trouble
Does this mean his (28) friends are jealous of me (28F)
My ex-gf[20F] broke up with me [19M]
How to fix a friendship/relationship
I [28F] have been with my boyfriend [30M] for six years and I am obsessed with his ex [28F]
I (28F) found out my husband (30M) has been using drugs.
I'm loosing interest in a girl after she falls for me. I'm always trying to get those who don't want to hangout with me, how should I overcome this?
Long time friend [M26] got married and didn’t me [M28] to his wedding
I (28m) treated a friend (26f) who rejected me unfairly. How should I move forward?
My boyfriend (19M) of 3 months recently told me something that left me conflicted.
The Great Empty has descended--my (44 M) relationship ended
Guy I'm seeing has ED that he's in denial about
Me (F22) and my boyfriend (22) are long distance and struggling*
Breakup Aftermath--the greatest empty
Is 3 guys, 5 times acceptable immediately after breakup?
I [28F] am obsessed with my boyfriend's [30M] ex-girlfriend
My (44) relationship ended (Eastern, PA)--Hard transition
Guy I'm seeing is in denial about his ED
My Coworkers Never talk to me unless I initiate?
How to deal with my (24 F) boyfriend (25 M) being very "sympathetic" and not "empathtic"
Bartender is giving me very mixed romantic signals between when I'm there vs. Througb text
Long time friend [M26] got married and didn’t invite me [M28] to his wedding
How do I (23m) act now?
I (38m) am left devastated as my close friend and sexual partner of 2 years (34f) took out her IUD and didn't tell me and I learned three weeks ago she is now pregnant with my kid.
Does anyone else fucking hate people? I’m soon to be (18M), (18F) (non existent ) and I fucking hate people.
I (31f) like to keep my top on during intimate moments with my SO (30m)
Does anyone else fucking hate people? I’m soon to be (18M), (18F) (non existent ) and I fucking hate people.
Long time friend got married and didn’t invite me to the wedding
My ex-gf[20F] broke with me
Am I naive to trust my (24M) girlfriend's (24F) close relationship with her best friend (25M)?
I’m soon to be (18M), (18F) (non existent ) and I fucking hate people. Valentines I’m most likely gonna cut, masturbate, and get drunk by stealing wine from family members. Already seeing a therapist so don’t say any shit like that. All I want is to not be jealous when I see other cunts having fun.
My (23M) girlfriend's (24F) mental health is deteriorating and I don't know how to help
College Friend Trouble
Never dated/in a relationship. What's the deall?
How can I show my new boyfriend that love and grief coexist?
Should I ask her out?
What to do about mom?
Should I ask her out?
I HATE PEOPLE AND I HATE MYSELF. I HATE YOU
I, man I fucking hate people and I fucking hate life. There’s tons of things I can do to change it but it’s just too easy to get into this cycle. Ugh. I’m not looking forward to valentines but when it comes. I’ll come, cause of porn. Porn porn porn. The only thing I’ll have. And hopefully I could
I [18F] am afraid I'm either a)self sabotaging a good relationship with my boyfriend [22M] out of fear or b)I rushed into something I wasn't ready for
How do I navigate our opposite money upbringing?
Should I break up with my girlfriend
How do I help my new boyfriend cope with my history?
Want to move out, parents don’t want me to
I (18F) am worried I'm either a) self sabotaging or b) genuinely don't like my boyfriend (22M)
How do I get over losing a really close friend (no she isn’t dead, we’ve just drifted away to the point where we are not friends anymore)
My (19F) boyfriend(28M) has been pushing me to sell my underwear after having to leave my job due to medical issues. How can I speak to him about being uncomfortable with this?
Never dated or in a relationship- what's the deall?
How do I [21F] end a relationship with an unhealthily obsessed friend [21M]?
I(24f) really want to do something fun with my husband(23m) on Valentine's Day but we are currently pretty low on funds
My (23M) girlfriend's (24F) mental health is deteriorating and I don't know how to help
How do I deal with having no friends while I work on improving myself?
Found out my (29m) long term girlfriend (41f) is seeing another man. Need help figuring out my feelings
3 years since my (19f) bf (20m) cheated on me. How can I cope with my emotions in a healthy way?
I [24 M] spent the night with a guy [24 M] that I have been dating for about a month, without talking about STI testing first. How to proceed sensitively?
My(19F) boyfriend(28M) convinced me to sell my underwear as I am unable to go back to work at the moment and we really need the money.
My mom
New neighbors introduced themselves and I somehow can't find them on any social media?
How to "get over" a break up with no support
It's so hard for me (23F) to communicate with my dad (55M)
How to handle insecurity and paranoia in the relationship.
I (29F) don't feel like myself anymore... is it my boyfriend (33M)?
How To Escape a Toxic Relationship?
Income discrepancies causing issues
My boyfriend (m19) doesn’t like that I (f21) smoke weed
How To Escape a Toxic Relationship?
Am I naive to trust my (24M) girlfriend's (24F) close relationship with her best friend (25M)?
I [34/F] want to leave the big city. Boyfriend [38/M] refuses. Been together 7 years. Is it crazy to see each other weekends only?
My boyfriend (m19) doesn’t like that I (f21) smoke weed
My (24F) bf (25M) relapsed, we broke up last night because of it and I'm really struggling
I (m27) cant tell if I am falling out of love with my SO (f27) of 5 years or if its the ebb and flow of a relationship.
How to "get over" a break up with no support
SOCIAL MEDIA (24M) (21F)
How long should you wait before moving in with your partner?
How To Escape a Toxic Relationship! || 6 Helpful Tips!
I (27,f) instagram-messaged the girl I suspect my abusive ex (28,m) is seeing to warn her of his true colours
am i [17F] a bitch, or is he? [17M]
Unsure if I [M23] want to pursue a relationship with her [F20]
A relationship forged without love and mutual attraction? (M28/F25)
How do I ( 23M ) be more attentive to my GF ( 23F)?
I (16F) feel physically out of breath in any encounter with this one guy (17M)
Need help with decline in intimate attraction
I (30sF) told a friend (30sF) something my BF (30sM) said that I shouldn’t have told.
A relationship forged without love? (M28/F25)
Is it ok to not fit in with your boyfriend's group of friends?
Found out my (29m) long term girlfriend (41f) has been cheating on me. Need advice on how i feel.
Is it possible for 2 people who like each other to have their bodies in sync?
How much input do US women usually have with engagement ring selection?
Unsure if I [M23] want to pursue a relationship with her [F20]
Can’t fit in at college?
My husband [28m] slapped me [26f] in the face last night
I think he likes me? Just out of abusive relationship, want to show I'm ready to move on. I can't read his signals. Please send advice!
I (m27) cant tell if I am falling out of love with my SO (f27) of 5 years or if its the ebb and flow of a relationship.
I kicked my SO of 5 years out
My husband slapped me
I’m [28F] not invited to BF’s [28M] family wedding, but his ex is
My friend seems to play dumb and I don't understand why
I think he likes me? Just out of abusive relationship, want to show I'm ready to move on. I can't read his signals. Please send advice!
I (m27) cant tell if I am falling out of love with my SO (f27) of 5 years or if its the ebb and flow of a relationship.
Cheating friend
I’m(26/nb) looking for advice on how to get through the next 4 months of lease while roommates (21/nb & 22/f) are squabbling.
I sent my friend a letter asking for space but she didn't receive it.
I [29/f] want more romance in my relationship, but my boyfriend [33/m] seems to think that there is plenty.
Coming back home
The Dance
[M34] I am going nowhere with relationships and women in general
Coming back home
I want to break up with my boyfriend, but I'm worried he's tracking me - how do I safely break up with him and figure out if he is truly tracking me?
When he writes about you on Instagram
My (18f) boyfriend (24m) wants me to eat his feces.
SOS
How to handle constant stonewalling? Words of encouragement are needed (23f, 24m)
Girlfriend [21F] liking pictures of guy who messaged her clearly for sex
I (25F) don’t know how to say no to my SO’s (33M) friends/family. Help!
(M18) everyone is taken!
Everyone is taken!
when my boyfriend (m20) and I (f22) talk about engagement, I feel excited and very scared
I (B18) want to change/ spice up the morning conversation with my girlfriend(F 18)
I said terrible things I regret to my ex.
Girlfriend [21F] liking pictures of a guy who is very clearly messaging her for sex
Becoming Jealous of Girlfriend
Good morning conversation (F/B 18)
Boyfriend jerks off a few hours after we have sex
Good morning conversation (F/B18)
Platonic Spank Bank
My nightmare neighbours from hell
Should I stop hanging out with these people?
Did my friend (41m) try to have an emotional affair with me (28f)?
I made out with my best friends brother
Anniversary Gift Help
Good morning conversation (B/F 18)
Good morning conversation
Need help
Platonic Spank Bank
How do i introduce myself?
I (15M) really like my friend (15F) but I don’t know if I should tell her
When he writes about you on Instagram
Karma for you is who you’ll end up with.
I (15M) really like my friend (15F) but I don’t know if I should tell her
What does my ex want?
I really need help with someone i like
My girlfriend [25 F] of 3 years, who lives with me [25 M], wants to quit her job with no other job lined up.
How do I start talking to a guy?
I (27f) really need help with my situation, badly
Boyfriend jerking off a few hours after we have sex
The Dance
I (27f) really need someone's help with my situation
I [25M] always seem to lose my appetite during the times i visit my [19F] LDR girlfriend
I (21F) am concerned about my team manager’s (41M) interior motives.
Wife is stressing me out
Whispering
What does it mean when he says "you're everywhere"?
Friend (with borderline personality disorder) pulled a 180 on me (autistic) because she disapproves of a girl i'm talking to.
How do I even start talking to a guy?
Was I (23F) wrong for blocking him (24M) after he expressed condolences ?
I have a date but I’m not ready for a relationship
Friend (with borderline personality disorder) pulled a 180 on me (autistic) because she disapproves of a girl i'm talking to.
What does my ex want?
I’m in love with another man but I’m not sexually attracted to him, am I leading him on?
It’s been a week since we broke up..
My (27F) mother is lonely and depressed
Boyfriend becoming an alcoholic
Not ready for a relationship but I have a date
Should I M32 give my mum another chance?
My (27F) mother (49) is lonely and depressed
It’s been a week since we broke up..
Should I 32M give my mum another chance
What does my ex want?
Friend and his SO constantly whispering
I(20M) just realised that I've been emotionally abusing my ex-girlfriend(19F) and I want to change my ways
I wish my boyfriend expressed his love with something else other that saying “I love you” twenty times a day
My boyfriend (M15) doesn't want to give me (M17) gifts, should I be worried?
What does my ex want?
Boyfriend is becoming dependent on alcohol
Me(M20) and my gf(F19) have different ways to show our love
Am in the friend zone
What do guys want from their girlfriends when things get tough?
My friend's (3?M) ex (3?F) has his cat and she won't return it to him
My [25M] fiancé [24F] of 6 years is mad that I don’t want her to come to my award ceremony.
My friend's (3?M) recently broken up with gf (3?F) will not give him his cat back. What can he do before resorting to calling he police?
No Contact Rule on my crush, we used to like eachother, we talk for 4 months now
Guy [23M] who rejected me [22F] shops at my store a week later
My (23m) girlfriend (22f) has a “big dick” fetish and I feel super insecure
My best friends’ (26m) girlfriend (26 f) tricked him into paying for a vacation for both of them? Should I tell him what a red flag I feel like this is?
I don’t know how to feel about my bf’s friend having semi-violating photos of me
Do women take nude photos without the intention of sending them to someone?
Guy [23M] who rejected me [22F] came to the store I work at a week later
My best friends’ (26m) girlfriend (26 f) tricked him into paying for a vacation for both of them? Should I tell him what a red flag I feel like this is?
My mom is a pathological liar and I don’t know how to deal with it
Pre Valentines Day Blues: Should I [22F] Worry About the Girl My BF [25M] Tells Me Not To Worry Over?
[Update (sorta)] Pre Valentines Day Blues: Should I [22F] Worry About the Girl My BF [25M] Tells Me Not To Worry Over?
I (f/28) didn't get the position I've been working hard for and left work after I found out, where do I go from here?
My friends’ gf tricked him into paying for a vacation for both of them. Should I tell him how alarming I think this is?
I (f28) didn't get the position I've been doing for months now... I don't know where to go from here
But wait, there’s more
Don’t really need advice, just sad and need a place to say it.
But wait... it gets worse
My(28M) wife(32F) insists on playing competitive games but fails to admit defeat gracefully
My best friend (28M) is falling for someone (31F) who might not be into him as much as he thinks.
My boyfriend [M28] has been lying to me [F25] about multiple things involving social media
Fiance (36M) called me (33F) borderline verbally abusive, is now bactracking like crazy, am I being gaslit?
I (23f) cheated on my bf (22m) in India. Should I miss my flight home?
Should I go somewhere where my Ex might be?
Am I in the wrong for dating the guy my ex worried about, after my ex dumped me?
Should I go somewhere knowing my Ex could be there?
Should I Go Somewhere my Ex will be probably at?
Can a career oriented person and a family oriented person make it work?
I (24f) don’t feel like I’m good enough for my boyfriend (22m) and It’s causing me so many inner problems and I don’t know what to do:(
Can a career oriented person and a family oriented person make it work?
Am I an asshole for dating the guy my ex was worried about, after my ex broke up with me?
I (24F) have started to dislike my SO (28M) of 1 years friend (26F)
Is it all in my head?
Pursuing Lessons for Dummies
My [24M] girlfriend [23F] doesn’t see she’s making herself miserable working a dead-end job
I confessed to an online friend who's in a relationship and feel nothing but guilt and confusion.
I am a 30 year old Asian straight male virgin. Advice would be appreciated.
I (27F) feel like I’m living in the shadow of my bfs (27M) ex (30sF)
I think my closest friend [33,M} slept with my little sister {19, F}
Figured out our Love Languages but then...
I'm (39F) Really struggling with spouse (39M) right now
Should I stop paying for my girlfriend's tickets home?
I (24F) have started to dislike my SO's (28M) friend (26F)
Creating playlists for brother and friend
I am a 30 year old Asian straight male virgin. Advice would be appreciated.
An online friend told me that he liked me and now he is making me feel uncomfortable.
Positive outcome from a first date or casual hookups?
My (23m) girlfriend (22f) has a big dick fetish and I feel super insecure..
I (F 23) messaged and flirted with my old coworker behind my boyfriend’s (M 21) back. He found the messages and kicked me out. Is there anything I can do to fix this?
How would you want your girlfriend to tell you their gay?
How would you want your girlfriend to tell you she’s gay?
An online friend told me he likes me but I'm not attracted to him in any way, and now everything is quite uncomfortable. (I don't know how to explain it in just one sentence. )
I’ve liked the same guy for 6 years?
I [23M] am wondering if dating someone much younger [18-19F] would cause problematic issues
I (19M) caught my girlfriend (18F) using her ex boyfriend’s Instagram
I'm stuck
For anyone that still doesn't have something planned for Valentine's Day...
My ex wants to get back together with me and idk what to do
Should I tell my boyfriend I lost my virginity to him?
I [19M] gave some spare tickets to a friend [20F] and this set my GF [19F] of 2 years on the warpath.
I (f/25) dislike my boyfriend's(m/28) communication style, but I feel like we're too far in to ask him to change it?
My (35f) husband (35m) of 13 years has gotten really into fitness recently and is sad I'm not, can I tell him to shut it or am I the jerk here?
Don't want to go to this funeral
Should I tell my boyfriend I lost my virginity to him?
Relations now days - are you happy with your loved ones?
I don't want to go to this funeral
My brother (24) is about to propose to his GF of a year this Friday & my family doesn’t like her.
Relations
My girlfriend [f21] and I [m23] are having sex far less frequently than before.
Am I Toxic? Am I a bad one here?
3 Year Relationship
Valentine's Day Gift, Should I 43 M) or Shouldn't I?
my [18|M] ex [19|M] is giving mixed signals
I am a firm believer of boundaries. Do these seem disrespectful in a relationship?
I am a firm believer of boundaries. Do these things seem disrespectful to a relationship?
Seenzoned when I (28m) asked her(26f) for a second date Valentine's day.
I (32M) want to reconnect with my HS girlfriend but am unsure of the consequences
26 W married to 27M who suffers from severe depression and suicidal ideation. How do I know when I need to end relationship? 2 years married.
I (22F) am having a hard time over something my husband (29M) said
My girlfriend [f21] and I [m23] are no longer having sex frequently and it worries me.
I think I made a mistake when I gave my depressed gf last chance for change
Did I make a mistake when I gave my gf a second chance to change?
I (F20) feel trapped with my (F25) partner because of my dog
Is it weird that I (29f) and attracted to older men in their 50s?
Not really sure what to do (regarding a guy I used to talk to/see)
My (17 F) friend (15 M) is super touchy me, but I can't tell if he likes me
Too soon?
when to move on?
Not really sure what to do (regarding a guy I used to talk to/see)
when to move on?
How do I [27F] continue communicating with my mum [51F] as normal without her suspecting anything is wrong?
I don't want my wife going to a concert with me
How do I [27F] continue a normal relationship with my mum [51F] without her suspecting anything?
What kind of relationship are you looking for?
I (22F) am feeling unsure after learning something about my husband (29M)
How did it feel to get out of a toxic relationship?
My [M/39] girl [38/F] says I miss something while having sex to be a really good lover. But she can't say what
Must see, are we really blind when we fall in love?
Valentine's Day Gift, Should I (43 M) or Shouldn't I?
RELATIONSHIP
I told my fiancé that he can either let me work or he can pay child support.
Am I too picky?
me (m/21) has a corrupted view of relationships (dating)
How do you know your in love with your SO and not just infatuated with them
I told my fiancé that he can either let me work or he can pay child support.
Am I too hard to please?
I (21F) was in a relationship with a guy i met online but found out he lied about his age
A horrible crush
Looking for help for a gift for my (22F) boyfriend! "Her love for you is so big it reached ________"
My vision of relationships is corrupted
Need advices :(
I(30F) have quartions and advices..
What’s truly toxic, being in a relationship and asking your s/o to stop talking to someone that makes you uncomfortable and they won’t, or the act of trying to have your s/o stop talking to someone aka “controlling”?
I (15f) encouraged my mom to divorce my dad... Not sure if I did the right thing
How to deal with people who help you, but are condescending towards you?
[Update] I (23F) don’t know how to fix the situation with my boyfriend (21M)
Need to take my power back
I (F20) feel trapped in my 3 year long relationship with my (F25) partner
Im so confuse.
Valentine's Day Gift, Should I or Shouldn't I?
My (24f) boyfriend (26m) of two years can't have sex.
Roommate (20) Ended our Friendship and I Need to Get Over It.
I'm [26f] getting mixed signals from a guy [30m] I have been spending time with and I am afraid to confront him about it
Positive outcome from a first date or casual hookups?
How do I even begin to process the betrayals of my ex so I can start to move on?
I don’t know if I (22F) am overreacting or if I’m right about this being a toxic relationship
My[F22] bf[M29] exchanged nudes with a random girl after being away from home for 10 days. Help me get out of my head.
Asking out a girl in public?
My [M/24] Girlfriend [F/21] still hangs out with and messages guys who like her. Yesterday one of them tried to kiss her.
How do I even begin to process the betrayals of my ex so I can start to move on??
Will it ever get better? Because i don't think so.
My[F22] SO[M29] sent nudes to a girl on IG after being away from home for 10 days. Help me get out of my head.
I (22F) feel bad for my mom (55F), who basically has to be my dad’s (60M) personal secretary in addition to a parent and has no time for herself
How do I (male, 23) forget about my crush I'm obsessed with (girl/ 26)?
Valentine's Day Gift! Should I or Shouldn't I?
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Is this fair?
Are these things shady to you?
19(F) needing advice on now gay ex bf 20(M)
Are these things shady to you?
(20M) just discovered pinworms and doesn’t know whether to tell (19F) GF
Are these things shady to you?
Conflict between boyfriend and I on disciplining my children
Positive outcome from casual first date hookups?
I can't get over my partner's disregard of my birthday after being together for so long.
Gf has night terrors and I want to sleep seperatly
My live in boyfriend (21M) told me if I (21F) got pregnant he might leave me
Question for men: do you care if women are virgins?
Help with supporting husband (29) with side effects of Bipolar
Need help
My (21M) girlfriend (21F) wants an open relationship. I do not.
Am I a bad mom
Trying to Support Husband with Bipolar side effects. Help?
How to talk to girls?
The BIGGEST mistake that people do in dating
Older boyfriend
Older boyfriend (48) treats me (f) age 25, like a child
TEXTIN YO BOO THANG
18(F) needing advice on now gay ex bf
talking to a guy i (16F) haven't met yet, he's (16M) giving mixed signals
Getting sick leads to big fights a the time.
Boyfriend is older than me and breaks promises
Question for men: do you care if women are virgins?
How to get rid of lust?
Disagreement on the definition of sick
How can I(26M) make my gf(22F) feel comfortable and at peace about her dark past with her family?
How to get rid of lust?
How can I(26M) make my gf(22F) feel comfortable and at peace about her dark past with her family?
Need help
I can't get over my partner's disregard of my birthday after being together for so long.
Did I have unrealistic expectations for my relationship? (20sFs)
Why is talking about money so difficult?
I (29/F) cannot handle LDR with my BF (29/M) anymore. I love him but it's not working.
[19]My girlfriend[19] wants to play part in adult movie scene. I am very uncomfortable with this. What should i do?
Question for men: do you care if women are virgins?
I wanted too much to be like my best friend and it jeopardised my relationship.
My husband (38M) feels guilty because I'm (25F) pregnant and feels that he's betraying the memory of his ex-wife (she died six years ago)
Feeling lost.
Ideas for a Valentine’s Date
EX GF (19F) and i (22M) broke up because she felt i controlled her
How to deal with different love languages in a relationship?
M(22) dating (F20) who's grandpa passed away 3 weeks ago and I think she's depressed.
Ex (21) in America has uploaded and spread my(19) nudes online.what do I do and how do I move on with this
I try through the highs and lows with Bipolar S.O
I (27M) am currently in low-ish contact with my parents (50s M/F). My American citizenship naturalization ceremony is soon and I don’t want them to come. How do I communicate that with them?
I (29/F) cannot handle LDR with my BF (29/M) anymore. I love him but it's not working.
Boyfriend of 8 years has just told me he’s bisexual.
My (25F) husband (27M) and I are getting a divorce and I’m already moving on.
Need Advice to Move on from Terminated Friendship
I (27F) am having some tension with my boyfriend's (30M) roommate (30’s? M), can I have some advice on how to handle this?
The Girl of my Dreams (26f) asked me (27m) for a valentines Date the Problem: i'm broke af (seruisly Like i have May 20 bucks left) Any creative ideas?
Need Advice to move on
First love ghosted me and broke up with me over text. Proceeded to quasi-ghost me a few more times afterwards. Never got closure
I'm so lost.
My boyfriend [23 m] broke up with me [18f] to explore men.
How Am I (M23)Not Accepting the End of my Relationship(F19)?
Potential relationships advice
I [15M] feel like i dont get close to anyone; but i do want to; but not anyone here. How can i meet people? Is this just some mental block or something that makes me so distant?
I (16f) yelled at my mom because she wouldn't believe me
My (25F) husband (27M) are getting a divorce and I’m already moving on.
My boyfriend[23 m] left me[18f] to explore guys. Please help
My boyfriend can't commit to a diet, we're getting married, how will he commit to me?
Ghosted, dumped over text, and then quasi-ghosted 3 more times. Please help me make sense of it and move on
I [15 M] am having a hard time moving on
My life
Why didn't I [23F] know better than to even start this with him [42M]?
How Am I (23M) Not Accepting the End of My Relationship with My Girlfriend (19F)?
How Am I Not Accepting the End of a Relationship?
My boyfriend can't stick to a diet and exercise and I'm worried because it means he can't commit.
Screening in an LTR
My bf [21m] got drunk and "touchy" with a few of his female friends.
screening in an LTR
Not Accepting the End of a Relationship
"You never surprise me"
My [24F] Girlfriend left me [22M] after 1 1/2 years for another guy, we are moving forward talking. ADVICE PLEASE
WELL, that didn't go as expected. (teacher/student affair)
My girlfriend F24 left me M22 for another guy after a year and a half
How to alleviate sexual attraction with my boyfriend when we're not going to have sex?
I (16F) yelled at my own mother(40F) and told her the meanest of things because she wouldn't believe that I got raped by her best friend's son
Advice about potential relationships
The Girl of my Dreams asked me for a valentines Date the Problem: i'm broke af Any creative ideas?
My boyfriend has needed space for two weeks and it sucks. I feel numb and want to make this work.
I know this is super long but does it sound like he likes me? It’s hard for me to know bc we insult each other so often and since I have a lot of anxiety, I can’t see past it without it clouding my judgement even if I’m not hurt by the insults lol we’re just playing around and I know that.
My (23)M friend has turned cold on me (20)F for months now.
Should I stay or should I leave?
I feel I have nothing to bring to the table to the opposite sex
My (28m) girlfriend (24f) I broke up with wants to get back together
Advice on regaining my confidence
I [24MtF] have been having some problems with my trans therapist... [40sMtF]
Why years later?
Why years later?
I just figure out my dad watched porn regularly but my parents (62m,57f) happily married.
Why does this continue to piss me off? No closure
Hey guys, I [22M] would like some perspective on my classmate [21F].
To couples and spouses who have been together for a long time and are still in love, what is the most difficult situation that occurred in your relationship and how did you over come it?
I just figure out my dad watched porn regularly but my parents (62m,57f) happily married.
Hey guys, I [22M] would like some perspective on my classmate [21F].
Boyfriend would rather sleep alone and in his own bed than buy a mattress with me. Am I wrong for being upset?
Am I wrong for being upset that my boyfriend would rather sleep alone than buy a new mattress that works for the both of us?
Girl(19) im(21) dating behaved weird past 3 weeks and now wants a break? What should i do?
My (26/F) boyfriend (27/m) won't stop drinking all night and sleeping all day.
My [29M] Flatmate [29M] is a friendly idiot who damages things. Would like advice.
How to get over heartbreak (33M) STBX leaving me (33F)
Help!
Am I wrong to feel like this?
Should I [22M] send my gf [19F] flowers to her office instead of her home for Valentine's Day?
UPDATE: UPDATE: not sure if my (32f) bf (36m) is cheating or if it’s a misunderstanding
Me (28m) with my love of my life (26f) she got forced into marriage. She said that she is technically divorced because they got split up.
[Question] Should I [22M] send my gf [19M] flowers to her office instead of her home for Valentine's Day?
Am I wrong to feel like this?
Can we stay friends?
My(23M) GF's(22F) ex(22M) comes back in to her life kisses her and I feel she still hasn't moved on.
My boyfriend and I have spoken in almost two weeks and I’m basically starting to feel numb
My (M26) girlfriend (F23) wants to break up because I wanted to help her fulfil her fantasy.
I (24F) do not want to help my boyfriend (23M) anymore. Am I a bad partner?
My guy cheated on me.. what are people’s reasonings?
My ex was crazy
My guy cheated on me.. what are people’s reasons
Do I have to look for love or will it come to me??
HELP my roommate got my other roommate drunk again to the point she didn't notice he was sexually harassing her. What do I do?!
How to handle a relative in a mental hospital?
I (24F) am done with helping my boyfriend (23M)
Is my girlfriend really too busy or am i wasting my time?
I (27F) want to do something thoughtful for my husband (31M) on Valentine’s Day.
Will it get better?
I'm a High Functioning Autist and I feel people are constantly taking advantage of me
What should I (27F) get or do for my husband 31M) for Valentine’s Day?
I (27F) accused my friend (25F) of having feelings for my fiancé (27M).
Codependency
I [M21] am struggling to move on after breakup with abusive ex [F19]
I (22f) got friendzoned by my crush (23m). How do I deal with this?
Codependency
People who have been friendzoned, how did you deal with the feelings without letting it get to your head?
I (25f) need to confront my brother (27m) and his girlfriend (29f)
People who have been friendzoned, how did you deal with your feelings without letting it get to your head?
People who have been friendzoned, how did you deal with your feelings without letting it get to your head?
M(26) Girlfriend (23) is breaking up with me because I agreed to fulfil one of her fantasies
I'm [27] uncomfortable with my friend [28] insists on bringing her husband [28] all the time to our group meeting
Dear Ex....
My crush Ella
Girl is work uses me for attention
SO Drinking Issues - Stay or Leave?
I feel weird around guys.
I'm [27] uncomfortable with my friend [28] insists on bringing her husband [28] all the time in our group meeting
How do I (23F) get over the pain from my ex (24M) leaving me for the girl he cheated with? Please help.
Getting out the friend
Both (30M, 24F) recovering from mental health problems, struggling to balance care for each other?
I cheated in an old relationship but never came clean. Is it wrong to tell the truth so long after the fact?
SO Alcohol Issue - End or Stay?
I (18F) have instrusive thoughts and ridiculous expectations in my relationship and don't know how to overcome it
I have a boyfriend and a man asked to take me out
I want to be single
My boyfriend asks for a break bc of my mental issues but I keep screwing it up by talking to him
Boyfriend (M20) saving pictures of other girls photos on Instagram and uses my (F23) account to look at their profile.
My mom yelled at my girlfriend
Getting out the friend zone
Boyfriend (M20) saving pictures of other girls photos on Instagram and uses my (F23) account to look at their profile.
My girlfriend (32) believes in many strange conspiracy theories, including lizard people.
Girlfriend [F/25] doesn’t have time for me [M/26] due to work. I feel like I'm not a priority in her life at all
My [20F] boyfriend [22M] just snooped on my phone after 4 years of dating...
How do I (25F) avoid "waiting around" for someone (27M) if I'm really bad at dating?
Is it time to let go of someone very special in my life?
I (36m) am the father to a baby who I didn't consent to but my parents (67m/60f) want to be in it's life?
My [22F] boyfriend [21M] is getting too much serious even we are dating for 1.5 months. I don't wanna continue anymore. How to break up with him without hurting his feelings?
I (36m) am the father to a baby who I didn't consent to but my parents (67m/60f) want to be in it's life?
How should I [18F] ask out my friend on a date?
My fiancé (31M) freaked out on me (31F) for trying to do something sweet for him.
Girlfriend (F/25) doesn’t have time for me (M/26) due to work. I feel like I'm not a priority in her life at all
Twitter posts
I [17F] have identified with an avoidant attachment style
Am I (27M) right to be weirded out by my girlfriend (28F) still being friends with a lot of guys she has previously slept with?
Do I cut off my crush of 8 years?
How would you like to be asked out?
Where can I get laminated prints of myself?
[M-18] Requesting help/advice in relationship [F-18] with my insecurity issues
My boyfriend’s parents kicked me out.
Tl boyfriend (31) and girlfriend (36), boyfriend has a bad temper and I don’t know how to control is without being completely submissive
Girlfriend 22F slept with a guy while broken up and lied about it
My (22f) fwb (29m) had sex with a girl he thought was gross.
Should I forgive my Mum?
WTD? I [39W] am grossed-out by my MIL and FIL, who each kiss my husband [39M, 1 yr] on the lips.
Should I forgive my Mum?
Girlfriend 22F slept with a guy while broken up and lied about it
Tl boyfriend looses his temper all the time
Bad temper and how to overcome it B (31) G (35)
Boyfriends and temper
I wish I(24f) could type in “is my best friend(24f) sleeping with my ex(26m)” into google and get a result
My [20m] close friend [20f] told me she loved me, but has boyfriend - extremely confused
What is a relationship to you?
Group of friends forcing me into an ultimatum between them and another friend. Need input.
My gf (17F) stopped talking to me (20M) after we had sex for the first time
Is she a running around or is she just weird?
It's honestly hilarious how terrible this sub is
I don't feel the spark with my girlfriend
Honestly, What is the logic behind multiple partners?
My [F22] ex as of now broke up with me [M23] on my birthday out of all the days she could have picked.
Should i pursue her even tho there's a little chance that we gonna get back to each other again?
I [M21] am completely heartbroken and want the best possible strategy to get my ex back [F19].
WTD? I'm grossed-out by my [39W] MIL and FIL, who each kiss my husband [39M, 1 yr] on the lips.
My ex [F23] as of now decided to break up with me [M23] on my birthday out of all the days she could have picked.
Friendship of 15 years in conflict. need advice
I [M21] am completely heartbroken and want the best strategy for getting my ex [F19] back. Any advice helps.
Boyfriend (18M) is no longer romantic and makes our relationship a big joke.
Honestly, What is the logic of having multiple partners
Sex tips for downward curving penis
Me [22] She [21] is she a hoe?
I am considering leaving my boyfriend because if my mental illness, even though I deeply love him.
Should I (M/22) be concerned about my friend's mental health (F/20)?
My gf broke up with me becuase of her deppresion, Please Help
my boyfriend has been having a hard time lately, what can I do to help?
My ex [F22] decided to break up with me [M23] on my birthday out of all the days she could have picked
I don't know if I love my girlfriend anymore. I don't know what to do
My (F22) decided to break up with me (M23) on my birthday
Me (25) and my bf (30) have been in a long distance relationship for almost 2 years. But recently, he has been ghosting me.
How should I go about talking to my bf after he confessed to cuddling with another girl?
My (27F) family is preparing to put my bipolar brother (24) into rehab for excessive drug use, what should I prepare myself for and how can I be of most help?
In a long distance relationship for 2 years, bf now ghosting me
LDR for two years, bf now ghosting me
Got dumped on my birthday
Girl [34F] dumped me [34M] for doing the right thing as best I could. Is there anything I can say or do to mend the situation?
SO's weed habit is making me doubt my own value
My Girlfriend is being pressurized by family to get married
I'm considering leaving my bf because of my mental illness, even though I am deeply in love with him.
Why is my Coworker/friend (28M) Playing with my (28F) feelings?
I [M27] suck as a boyfriend
Best way to get over a toxic relationship
I (M27) am a horrible boyfriend
Can I [30/M] ever fix the friendship after recanting on a deal? [43/M]
I (21F) saw messages between my boyfriend (31F) and another women, am I being crazy or is this not okay?
My [20f] boyfriend [24m] only wants to have sex once a week.. and we live together.
My [25M] parents' [50s] house is in disarray and I'm concerned about their health.
Ex [20M] harrasses me [19F] post break-up. I turn to his friend [19M] for comfort. I deeply regret it and desperately need advice.
Don't know if I still have a chance and want to know
Ex [20M] harrasses me [19F] post break-up. I turn to his friend [19M] for comfort. I deeply regret it and desperately need advice.
My [20F] boyfriend [24M] only wants to have sex once a week.. and we live together.
M(22) dating (F20) grandpa passed away 3 weeks ago and I think she's depressed.
I [22F] fear that I ruined my past coworker's life [28F], by being inconsiderate, inconveniencing her, and then telling on her. I have no idea how to make it up to her?
M(22) dating (F20) grandpa passed away 3 weeks ago and I think she's depressed.
How to get back to having sex with girlfriend?
Not sure how much this counts as a "relationship", but I [22F] am seriously, seriously, seriously worried about my past coworker [28F]. I can't shake the feeling that I might've ruined her life. I just want to make it up to her somehow, but I already left.
How to get back to having sex with girlfriend?
I (31M) fear being socially marginalized because of my age
LDR ghosting?
I (31M) fear being socially marginalized because of my age
How bad of an idea is breakup sex?
My dad (M65) neglecting his dog
I [34M] got dumped by my new GF [34F] for doing the right thing.
My(23f) relationship with my brother(30m) won't be the same again
Confused about how I feel
I need advice.m
WHY ME? PERPLEXED!
Should I (F22) kick my boyfriend (M23) out of our gaming group?
WHY ME? Perplexed.
I need advice ..
SO(f23) jumped out and scared me(m22). I just walked away.
Why me
SO(f23) jumped out and scared me(m22). I snapped at her.
Short rant: my boyfriend just blew my mind.
My (21M) gf (21F) and I had a big fight after our foursome. I have no idea where to go from here
My (M29) good friend (M26) has become incredibly negative about everything and it makes it hard to be around him.
How to tell a male abuse victim that he's in abusive relationship?
My (19M) boyfriend’s dad pressured him to break up with me (19F)
My BF (m28) put me (f27) through an emotional rollercoaster and now I'm Feeling nothing
I (20M) would like help asking someone at work (??F) out
How do I [17F] talk to my parents about possibly being evaluated for autism or a similar disorder?
I [26M] have an anxious attachment style, and I think the girl [29F] I've been seeing has the rare anxious-avoidant (fearful) attachment style. How should I proceed?
How do I [17F] talk to my parents about possibly being evaluated for autism or a similar disorder?
I [26M] have an anxious attachment style, but I think the girl I'm seeing [29F] has the rare anxious-avoidant (fearful) style. How to proceed?
How do I [ 17F ] talk to my parents about possibly being evaluated for autism or a similar disorder?
I (19M) proposed to my ex (18F) to be FWB
my (16f) sister (24f) wont speak to me after my mother's death
I (15) had a crush on teacher(35). He crushed back. I feel bad. Need other people's thoughts.
What to get bf(24M) in new relationship for valentines day?
I am going to propose to my girlfriend in a couple months
Is it worth it?
My(16M) sister(22F) wont mind her own business and snitching on me!
I am going to propose to my girlfriend!!!
My [41M] husband [41M] is going through PT and is in a lot of pain. He snapped at me for saying my joints hurt.
I [17F] have become emotionally dependent on my friend [17F] and it’s starting to tear us apart
I [17F] have become emotionally dependent on my friend [17F] and it’s starting to tear us apart
I [26 M] am struggling with insecurities about my relationship with my [21 F] and am unsure if they are causing stress in the relationship. We have been dating for 3 months.
I (15) had a crush on my teacher (35), he crushed back. Need other people's thoughts on this.
My (26f) boyfriend (21m) is pressuring me to go to the gym more than I already do
Girl 17, Need help deciding if i should ask a guy out or not.
My [17 F] girlfriend is acting toxic towards me [17 M]
My boyfriend [M20] has a fetish that I [F20] am not into and I think he will cheat on me because of it
I (22F) am feeling resentful towards my boyfriend (22m) for being the driver in a car accident that wasn’t his fault.
Need help deciding if I'm genuinely interested in a guy, or just trying to find a rebound.
My (25F) husband (28M) is so mean to me, I'm not sure what to do
Am I asking too much?
I don't know what Im doing wrong
My(16m) sister(22F) wont mind her own business and snitching on me.
Scars
I love my fiance but I have a crush on a friend I see daily and I don't know what to do
My [17 F] girlfriend is acting toxic towards me [17 M]
Once a CHEATER
Respecting household shit!
I [19F] grew up poor, now I make more money and started hanging with different people, and there is a disconnect now between my old friends and I
My long term relationship is deteriorating and its killing me.
What are the keys to a happy healthy long term relationship?
I (26/NB) do not know how to handle my roommate (21/NB & 22/F) situation for the next 4 months as they are fighting.
Am I asking for too much?
What are the keys to building a happy healthy long term relationship?
How do I [30/M] fix my damaged reputation after a big falling out with a friend [43/M]?
How do I tell my [26M] gf [22F] that I need space ?
It feels like my boyfriend is using me
What are the most important factors on building a connection and long term relationship?
Feels like I am being used by my boyfriend
Confused (31F for 36M & 37M)
My husband (29 M) says I (26 F) shouldn't play video games because they are a waste of time.
My long term relationship is deteriorating and I don't know how to handle it.
Any tips for interracial relationships? [M, CN] [F, Fil]
Confused
My Girlfriend's friend is trying to win her over
Feeling trapped and starting to feel defeated. [LONG TEXT] [USAGE OF DRUGS]
My girlfriend's friend is trying to win her over
3 month long Situationship ended-Why am I so upset?
Ex bf told me he broke up with his ex:
Ex bf told me he broke up with his ex
My Girlfriend's Friend is trying to win her over.
Is my (36f) husband (39m) a bad communicator or does he really just not give a f**k?
I (31F) need a mans advice
Last year my friends told my crush I liked him
Situationship ends after 3 months- why am I so upset?
Trapped with a fuckboy during the virus outbreak in China. How to cope?
BIL’s [29M] untreated mental illness is making me [29F] miserable
My boyfriend (23m) broke my (24f) phone
Trapped in my apartment with a fuckboy during the virus outbreak in China. How to cope or get rid of him?
My(29f) SO(27m) is super clingy
Ex keeps contacting me after breakup
I walked away from a relationship...Did I made the right now?
Caring more about the feeling rather than the person
Cutting out my (f17) boyfriend (m18) when I’m upset
Should I (m26) give my gf(f24) the benefit of the doubt in regards to a co-worker?
I [31F] am trying to completely breakup with my alcoholic, verbally abusive boyfriend [30M] who is also my coworker, who I still love.
I feel stable until I'm in a relationship
My(29f) SO(27m) is super clingy
I (22F) just moved in with my boyfriend (25m) and I have some trust issues and anxiety and I wonder if our relationship is toxic or am I just anxious?
I’m 32 and I still don’t understand sex? Uhh
I (23M) am asking a girl (23F) to be my girlfriend after a month and a half of dating.
Every time I get into a relationship I lose control of my emotions?
My boyfriend (21M) says he's becoming unhappy with the relationship (23F)
I walked away from a relationship...Did I made the right decision?
Cutting out boyfriend (m18) when I’m (f17) upset
I (23M) plan on asking a girl (23F) i've been dating for a little over a month to be my girlfriend!
My dad [47M] is a drug addict and I [26F] open his mail
My boyfriend (21M) says he's becoming unhappy in the relationship with me (23F)
I’m [25F] and already a little suffocated by new boyfriend [25M] of 2 months
My (f20) boyfriend (m21) is feeling insecure and I don’t know how to help
I'm bi male (19yo) & I have a crush on my friend (20yo) and i don't know his sexuality
Boyfriend issues
[23m] Guy friend [22m] wants to have sex with me, need advice
Valentine gift idea that I have been thinking about in getting my wife this year!
Should I (26M) ask my ex (24M) to get back together?
I (F14) like a guy (M14) that might have the hots for other girls. Advice needed.
Change: Make or become different
I'm a guy (23) and my guy friend offered to have sex with me, feeling confused on what i should do
Should I (26M) ask my ex (24M) to get back together?
Am I a dope Me 16 Chick 19
My boyfriend [16M] refers to me [18F] his friend commonly after a year and a half?
Girlfriend finds me annoying and it makes me feel really sad. I am a 18 M and she is 18 F. Relationship has lasted around a year.
(23F) Don’t know how or when to bring up the topic of getting married to my bf (24M) BEFORE we move across the country together in a couple years, not after
Boyfriend keeps saying he’s alone and has no one?
This guy that seems like he really likes me has a bunch of girl friends that he may like more.
Im 18 and My girlfriend (19) has decided that she wants to stop having sex because she wants to be more religious.
My [F21] husband [M21] wants me to give up my dream of a PhD to be a SAHM. He also wants to get rid of my dog. Should we divorce?
I[F18] kinda have a thing with two guys at the same time [M22],[M18]...and we're all in the same friend,group
I am clueless on what to do and need help
Not Having Intercourse With BF for Unhealthy Habits
Calling our kids monkies? Interracial couple
I (27F) am still in love with my ex(25M), who broke up with me via text...
I kinda have a thing with two guys in the same friendship group
I am clueless on what to do, help me
I (26m) am unsure about the long term compatibility with my otherwise quality SO (25f)
My partner asked for space
You guys I’m blushing
I [F21] might have married my husband [M21] too soon - I want a PhD, he wants me to be a SAHM. He also said he wants to dump my dog.
what's wrong with me
How do you stay committed to one person?
How do you stay committed to one person?
(23F)Don’t know how or when to bring up the topic of wanting to get married to my bf(24M) BEFORE we plan on moving across the country together in a couple years, not after
Boys I’m in a tough pickle rn
When do you know you're ready for a relationship?
I (27F) am still in love with my ex. He (25M) broke up with me via text...
I am (18M), I live with my dad and his fiancée who keep waking me up which prevents me from getting any sleep.
How do I (23F) know when it’s time to let go with boyfriend (32M) of four years?
I find kissing really awkward and don't know how to get past that.
latest break up has me in a positive outlook on life Quickly after being crushed by the circumstances and relationship conclusion .
My girlfriend [20] broke up with me [20] two weeks ago and now wants to get back together. I started to move on and now I really don’t know what to do
I (F28) keep making friends with bad people
At the bar, I asked a guy I hooked up with before if he wanted to go over later. He said...
Boyfriend's family is leeching my soul from my body.
I [21F] dont know how to give the right signals
All of a sudden I (26f) am having doubts about my (27m) FWB. Paranoia VS. Gut instinct?
Why hurts so much?
My ex [20] broke up with me [20] two weeks ago and now she wants to get back together. I had made progress moving on but now i’m at a loss for what to do.
All of a sudden I (26f) am having doubts about my (27m) FWB. Paranoia VS. Gut instinct?
26 w with 27m married for two years. I am afraid he will kill himself if I divorce hi. What do I do ???
What does she (17F) mean when she says this to me (17M)?
Me [27M/] with my GF [27 F] duration, The lack of intimacy, or anything physical, in our close to 2.5 year relationship has me feeling so many emotions.
My good boyfriend, and his exhausting family.
How can I (36m) survive my mother in law (65f) moving in with us?
Am I a dope
i’ve felt so alone and i need help
Ghosted after 7 months
Can couples get back together after working on themselves? [Serious]
My (25) gf (24) is committing an academic infraction. Should I report it and ruin her life?
Fear Divorce will make him complete suicide
I find kissing really awkward and don't know how to get past that.
Question am I a dope and I don't know of any other subreddits for this topic.
All of a sudden I (26f) am having doubts about my (27m) FWB. Paranoia VS. Gut instinct?
Why can’t I forget about her?
I (23F) snooped on bf (29M) and I’m disappointed I didn’t find anything.
Best friend [16F] blocked me [16M] from viewing their Instagram story, to presumably post thirst traps.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) was kissed by his friend (24M), what should I do?
Would it be wrong for me to ask my sister to stop hanging out with my ex best friend?
Can couples who split reunite down the road? [Serious]
Best friend [16F] blocked me [16M] from viewing their Instagram
My [23 F] ex-boyfriend [36 M] went through a non-mutual breakup two years ago and he still is texting and harassing me
My bf wants me to move with him, my mother wants me to stay.
boyfriend’s friend called me ugly behind my back and implied i wasn’t good enough. advice?
I [21F] don't know if I should break up with my bf of 5 years [22M] because of life differences
Best friend [16F] blocked me [16M] from their Instagram story to presumably post thirst traps?
Roommates manipulative girlfriend
I miss him so much...
I (24F) Can't Decide Whether to Invite My Mother To My Wedding Or Not... Help!!
My dad and I lived under the same roof my he has never been involved with me.
How should I go about talking to my bf after he confessed to cuddling with another girl?
Can relationships work after some time apart? I want to hear success stories. [Serious]
I [F/22] Asked my [M/24] boyfriend 2 years ago if he wanted to start a business and he said no, 2 years later he randomly wants to do it, and I didn't want to anymore. I felt guilted into changing my mind but was excited, now he has other obligations before starting. I'm upset... Am I overreacting?
strange situation
(28m) with love of my life (26f) she was forced into marriage. And she said she is technically divorced because they got split up.
My (21M) GF (21F) never expresses what she feels for me and it makes me insecure
Would it be better if i were just a friend to my suicidal gf?
My(23M) GF (22F) talks to a different guy daily over phone and sometimes hang out with him too. How should I react?
Valentines day gift for a new friend? Too soon?
I’ve been with my husband for 10 years and I think I want to leave him. I think he is mentally/emotionally/verbally abusive.
My mom [48F] thinks she owns me [25M]
Am I in a toxic marriage? Have been together for 10 years. Not sure what to do.
[meta] I [32m] think that a subreddit that claims to be about helping people should be less aggro on its rules.
How can I [20 M] deal with my emotions since my crush [17 F] is dating someone?
When to tell my child that the dad who has raised him may not be his father?
is it better if my suicidal friend and i stay friends or get together?
I don't know what I want any more
I [22F] got fired and don’t know how to tell my ex/lover [25M] it was because i was drunk
My boyfriend doesn’t give acknowledgement when I’m doing something right.
How do you deal with your feelings when your crush tells you he/she is seeing someone?
Need help after a long distance break up
I grew up in the same home as my dad but he never formed a relationship with me.
I think I’m (23F) falling out of love with my boyfriend (24M) of 3+ years.
Need advice after a long distance break up
I'm (f29) feeling like I'm not getting the support from my DH (m30). It's too much with no help. What should I do?
I [32m] applied for college yesterday after a long talk about careers with my husband [29m]. Today he quit his job and said he wants to go to school. How do I handle this?
Boyfriend [m30] trying to manipulate me[f28] into having more sex.
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) doesn’t seem to be able to sleep at my place
Do women hate other women for their sexuality?
How to ask a girl on a date without seeming interested? (16M)
I [22F] got fired and don’t know how to tell my ex [25M] that it was because i was drunk
Housemate (19f) has no decency
I (28/f) am facing constant criticism from my partner (34/m).
Month into relationship, me (M27) has sex with (F25) for the first time and I lose my erection. Feel that I ruined relationship.
My (23f) abusive ex (40m) is contacting me and I'm not sure what to do?
I (M18) and starting to get annoyed by my broke friend (M18).
I'm [27/M] being pressured into building my adult life where I'm from by my parents (60s~) and would appreciate some advice
Month into relationship, first time having sex, me (M27) with (F25), I lose my erection and feel like I ruined the relationship.
MY F [21] BF [32] picked up a dj shift Valentine’s Day night should I be upset with him about it?
Housemate doesn't have any decency
I (20 M) cant tell if this girl (18 F) likes me. Should I just ask her out?
First time having sex, I lose erection, feel that I ruined relationship.
I think my boyfriend is controlling but I find it hard to leave
[TW]me (19f) and my boyfriend (21m) of 1 month, i am too emotional.
I need help!
Am I a prude?
Fucked up world we live in.
How do I (M18) tell my best friend (M18) that him being broke is sorta putting our friendship on a tightrope?
An engaged girl (24F) is manipulating my friend (21M) to be her cheat-buddy, he believes she loves him
Friends with benefits of more ?
I think my boyfriend is controlling but I can't bring myself to leave
Dunno if there’s any way to win this game as of right now
An engaged girl (24F) is manipulating my(26F) friend (21M) to boost her ego...
Participants needed - Australia ONLY
I dont know what to do
Dunno if there’s any way to win this game
[TW: Sexual Assault] I think I (18f) sexually assaulted my best friend (19f)
I feel a little weird about my(20F) boyfriend’s(30M) relationship with his best friend(28?F)
My (27/f) cousin (13/m) is showing signs of severe mental illness
I feel a little weird about my(20F) boyfriend’s(30M) relationship with his best friend.
My Cousin (13/m) is showing signs of severe mental illness and I don't know how to help
I [25M] expressed my feelings and slept with my friend [26F].
How to deal with jealousy for a friend's life?
I [25M] expressed my feeling and slept with my friend [26F]
What makes something a relationship?
What does and doesn't count as a relationship?
Me (31/F) with my ex partner (35 M) of five years, Need to figure out how to burly male to protect me while I move out
Another cheating ex story
My ex (20f, me 20m) broke up to enjoy her time abroad, but comes back and wanna continue to see me, but I still love her
Am I Wrong for being upset with my boyfriend’s behavior?
I slept with my best friend
How to overcome anxiety/jealousy feelings
I [M 24] need help getting over issue with a previous relationship [F 22]
Am I wrong for being upset with my boyfriend’s behavior?
Sexy valentine's day pictures
Another cheating ex story
Only way to get through to ppl is to hurt them
(25M) worthy
I'm (20M) still mad at her(20F) because how she handled the whole process even though we broke up.
Worthy
My ex gf (20f, me 20m) broke up with me although she still loved me (BC of distance) and is now back and I still love her
I thought I was over my ex, but last night I had a dream that he died and it fucked me up
Should I break up with my boyfriend?
Me (23F) struggling with classmate and roommates
I (33F) found this comment on my SO (35M) coworker’s raunchy IG picture. He says it’s not flirty eyes. There is no “like” from him on any of her pictures but his track record makes me think there’s more to it.
I (21M) want no relationship with my siblings (24M and 23F) after they would bully me for my autism
How can I (27F) improve my relationship with my bf (26M)?
I 18(f) gave my fiancé 24(m) an ultimatum after he started taking his moms money.
Is there a GOOD time or RIGHT time to breakup?
Why did my ex (27F) unfriend me (29M) on social media but keep my friends?
I thought I was over my ex, but last night I had a dream that he died and it fucked me up
My(25M) girlfriend(30F) of 3 years is about to leave me because she “doesn’t like the person I’ve become.”
I 18(f) gave my fiancé 25(m) and ultimatum after he did some mean things, am I wrong to give him an ultimatum?
I [M29] dislike cooking, need a communication advice
Am I wrong for giving my fiancé a ultimatum
I [19F] am disgusted by my mother[45F] for no good reason
Me (m28) moving forward too soon?
I (25M) have ended up in a relationship (20F) and I have no idea how or why or what I’m feeling for her, I like her but don’t see us long term but can’t bear to separate either
Am I wrong for giving my fiancé an ultimatum
Was I(f20) sexually harrased? If so, should I do anything about (M19)?
I (21f) don’t like my friend (20f) now that she has a boyfriend
Sex Issue. Is this us? (me 34f, him 39m)....or is it a personal issue with myself?
I (18F) want to help my friend (17M) therapy for his depression/mental help.
Are You in Valentine's Day Relationship Burnout?
How do I shake insecurities about an ex girlfriend when she WONT GO AWAY?? Is it her or is it me?
How to deal with my bullying, threatening ex while I move out
Am I the Asshole for dating my ex's bff?
How to shake insecurities about ex girlfriends when she WONT GO AWAY!!
Am I the Asshole for dating my ex's bff?
My[23M] girlfriend[20F] constantly complains about her roommate and it might be getting out of hand.
A friends with benefits issue :( (16M) (16F)
How and should I [29F] talk to my boyfriend [36M] about my insecurities?
Relationship
Sad :( (16M) (16F)
How do I get out of entering dangerous waters with a married man?
Sad :(
How should I make the next move?
I [M 24] keep letting a past relationship bother me and cause issues for me now.
What is your favourite gift you’ve ever received/given your SO?
I am heading into dangerous waters with a married man and I am terrified.
my boyfriend (23m) is mad at me (21m) because im gonna meet him on valentine's day
Hi. Everybody
How do I make the next move?
Does Valentine's Day make you feel you're not 'Loving Enough?' 'Burned Out?'
Me [27F] - My BF [25] doesn't want to buy a house, is it wrong if I just do it without him?
[Update] My SO [f22] of 7 years cheated on me [m22] with a close friend
I (18m) have a painful medical condition that has many triggers, anxiety, change in temperature, excitement, etc. It makes socializing so hard. I reconnected with some old friends from High school, should I tell them?
How do i make the next move?
Hi
I (18m) have a painful medical condition that has many triggers, anxiety, change in temperature, excitement, etc. It makes socializing so hard. I reconnected with some old friends from High school, should I tell them?
Should I (27f) leave my partner (27m) because he’s taking out his insecurity and sadness out on me?
Is it my(24F) responsibility as the older sibling to give presents but not expect them/help from my brother (22M)?
Hi girls
I (18m) have a painful medical condition that keeps me from socializing (It gets triggered a lot in social situations) and I just reconnected with some high school friends. Should I tell them about my medical condition?
S*xless relationship
I (F18) want to get my boyfriend (M23) something for valentines
How to get over a breakup?
Sexless relationship
I (F18) want to get my boyfriend (M23) something for valentines
I (F18) want to get my boyfriend (M23) something for valentines
my boyfriend (23m) is mad at me (21m) because im gonna meet him on valentine's day
I have been hanging out with a guy I like. We used to text and call everyday and He hasn’t texted me at all in 3 days. Is he still interested? We are supposed to hang out Wednesday...
I (21F) fell in love with my mom's friend (39M) and now he doesn't want to see me again, what should I do?
Have you ever broken up with someone to "focus on yourself"?
My boyfriend (26m) is lying to me (22f) about watching cam girls, found out by snooping and now I feel stuck. What do I do?
I kissed another girl and told my gf.
I'm [18M] a pathetic liar. I can't stop it and ı hate myself.
I like a guy and we’ve been hanging out. I don’t know if he’s still interested and I don’t know how to bring it up since we haven’t talked in a few days. We are supposed to hang out Wednesday...
How do you choose between the girl you like and the girl you love?
I think I'm losing my boyfriend and I don't know what to do!!
I [23F] don't know what's wrong with my relationship with my boyfriend [23M]
I (21F) need advice on how to convince fiance (22m) to get much needed dental work.
My [43F] ex-husband [45M] verbally abuses our son [12M]
Should I slap my son [11/m] for using the N-word in a historical context?
Sending innocent pictures means...?
Are women aroused by the way a man looks?
I kissed another girl and told my gf.
I (29F) do not know how to communicate with my mother (56F)
Me (19M) and my gf(18F) finally in Paris during our days of but she spends all of her time on the phone and ignores me
I [24] am losing my best friend [25] of 11 years due to a mistake I made. Any hope for the future?
I'm losing my boyfriend and I don't know what to do !
My (23F) boyfriend (32) will go to the other side of the world for about 9 weeks soon, and I'm gonna miss him terribly. Any advice on how I can properly deal with missing him?
Did it look like he (21M) wanted me (21F) to pay for our lunch?
My girlfriend (F, 25) asks me (F, 24) questions all day long, she then wants to FaceTime me the same day and asks me the exact same questions and it drives me insane
I (20f) need advice on convincing fiance (21m) of getting dental work done?
My girlfriend (F, 25) asks me (F, 24) questions all day long, she then wants to FaceTime me the same day and asks me the exact same questions and it drives me insane
My partner (30) of 7 years is taking too long to propose ( I'm 31)....
Me [36 M] with coworker [23 F] can't get over joke she made which really upset me - don't know how to respond?
Boring
My partner is planning on proposing to me soon.... but they've been planning on proposing for almost 2 years now. (Both of us 30/Non-binary... dating 7 years)
Best friend of 11 years kicks me out, any hope for the future? 💔
I think I need to break up with my SO
Trying to coexist with my coworker whom I had relations with is making me depressed. He literally is pursuing my desk buddy.
How to Stop Gifts?
My (32F) BF (37M) is attracted to his sister (27F)?
I don't know what I want any more
Me [30’s F] with my friend [30’s F] who recently got engaged
I think I need to break up with my SO
Lying about girlfriend being his wife...?
Said he took a video of himself jacking off for me... 🤦🏼‍♀️
How to let my husband down gently?
Advice
Boyfriend of 6 years doesnt want s e x
I (25F) am going to leave my boyfriend (28M)
I(19M) and my gf(18) finally have a few days of and decided to go to the Paris. Unfortunately she ignores me and spends all of her time on the phone.
Havent had s*x for over a year with my bf of 6 years
How can I [M28] break up with my first girlfriend [F28]?
I need advice please help
I (26M) have realized I have been a toxic person in my relationship with my wife (25F) of 6 years.
My (32F) BF (37M) is attracted to his sister (27F)?
I [F25] am having trouble trusting again after my boyfriend's [25M] sudden change in his feelings for me
Did you ever fall in love with a married man not knowing he’s married ?
I [F25] am having trouble trusting again after my now-ex's [25M] sudden change in his feelings for me
How can I [M28] break up with my first girlfriend [F28]?
I [31M] want to ask out this girl who’s smile broke me out of a depressive tailspin
Any advice?
I Think My Girlfriend Has a Stalker
I'm (27F) feeling very stuck in my career, relationship, and personal life and am struggling with how to move forward
I (25M) want to break up with live in GF (24F)
On the way back from a trip, I [29F] started a fight with my boyfriend [35M]. He was so nice about it, how can I make it up to him and show him I am committed to “being better next time”?
UPDATE on my life!
Help me (17M) with my situation with my friend/crush (17F)
Pls help. BF (25) cheated on me (F24) with his ex. Very long back story tho, sorry :(
I am so scared to ask out this amazing girl.
How to treat your spouse
An update on my life!
I 18M am so nervous about asking out a girl of my age.
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
An Update on my life!
I (17m) have slept with a couple of my classmates (16f),and now they want to date. I have conflicted ideas of dating, what should i do?
My [20M] boyfriend [25M] is consistently liking and DMing a local fitness trainer[~27M] on ig.
Send shit my way🤷🏻‍♀️
Me (25M) wants to break up with gf (24) but can't due to living arrangements
I [24F] feel like I’m falling out of love with my [24M] bf of 5.5 years?
Caring more about the feeling rather than the person
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) of three years went to a strip club on a boys trip although we had previously discussed it multiple times and I said I wasn’t okay with it
I (28/f) told me ex (28m) we should cut contact, wondering if i was too harsh?
the guy im seeing (M/18) is confusing me (F/18) about our relationship status
My [21M] coworker [20F] is always acting like she doesn't care about her boyfriend [19M] - is she trying to tell me something?
I love my GF, but I’m worried she might not love me for the right reasons
Should I take ex-girlfriend back after drama-free breakup?
I (28/M) completely regret telling girlfriend (26/F) of nearly 8 years that I believe I’m bisexual.
My boyfriend [36M] and I [31F] are over 4 years into a relationship that feels romantically one-sided.
My [20M] boyfriend [25M] is consistently liking and DMing a local fitness trainer[~27M] on ig.
Boyfriend thinks I am trying to steal all of his money and I need advice
Guys can be real jerks!!!
Who do you talk to about relationship problems IRL?
I'm (26M) uncomfortable with my best friends (25M) use of cocaine on the weekends because I use with him and it throws me off. How should I go about this?
Asked a friend out who just won't let me go...... Just want it to end
Boyfriend thinks I am trying to steal all of his money and I need advice
Girlfriend rarely compliments me
How do you say i love you to someone who you shouldnt be saying it to, without it being obvious??
he is confusing as hell
I'm (26M) uncomfortable with my best friends (25M) use of cocaine on the weekends because I always end up using it with him and it throws me off. What should I do?
GF is negative. Doing my best to help but i'm falling short.
Taking Ex-Girlfriend back after a breakup that ended on good terms?
Guy(20/M) I was dating broke things off because of something my cousin did.
I(22F) feel like I've been used by my ex(25M). Am I overthinking?
Guy(20/M) I was dating broke things off because of something my cousin did.
Newly erratic boss (55M) installs 'hidden' cameras, we (employees (3x30sF) about to mass resign but boss is surprise! out of town and upset we won't cover his shifts. We need some navigation help.
Fwb might be catching feelings?
I’m (31 M) wondering how avoidant my gf (27 F) is relative to others akin to her. Please only comment if familiar with dating an avoidant person/are highly familiar with Attachment Theory
my boyfriend (24M) confessed to me (20F) that one of his exes will always be a part of him, & one of the reasons is bc the sex was “really really good.” Am I wrong for feeling hurt by this?
Do you guys find this extremely annoying?
My [32M] childhood best friend [32M] invited me to his wedding. We haven't seen each other in 10 years. Should I go?
My boyfriend [27M] and I [24F] are planning to take a break but we want to marry each other later.
Girlfriend(22F) of my dreams I dated a year ago with not outcome, just messaged me(23M) don’t know if I want to see her, even though we are set to see us on Thursday
I (22F) feel like I've been used my ex(25M). Am I overthinking?
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) of three years went to a strip club on a boys trip although we had previously discussed it multiple times and I said I wasn’t okay with it
Woman (27F) I have been seeing said (27M) I scared her, and I don't even know what I did.
My boyfriend [27M] and I [24F] are planning to take a break, but want to marry each other later.
My [20F] boyfriend [22M] is always broke
My sister [26f] is getting married soon and the other bridesmaids [mid 20s] are treating me [29f] like crap. Do I say something or stay quiet to keep the peace?
My [40m] daughter [23f] just told me she's been secretly dating my best friend [39m]
My [20F] boyfriend [22M] is always broke.
I [26F] can't stand the idea of a relationship with my mother [52F] anymore.
My (21 year old) mother (40s) trying to punish me for having sex.
Do people ever name their kids Braxton?
Girls, does your boyfriend have a female best friend?
[Update] My SO [F22] of 7 years cheated on me [m22] with one of my best friends
(21, F) My ex (24, F) recently contacted me and we starting communicating. I noticed red flags. I ended comtact. Here's why.
Boyfriend [33m] gets violent and/or yells at me [30f] when we discuss anything at all
I (f19) broke up with my BF (m19) but I would still like to be friends. He doesn’t seem ready to move on.
How can I [30F] tell my well-meaning friend [32F] that her comparing our bereavements is more hurtful than helpful?
My ex from a decade ago and I recently started communicating. I noticed red flags, and quickly ended it. Here's why.
I [28/M] still haven't told my ex-gf [26/F] what I feel about her.
My new boyfriend (24) hates texting but lives about an hour long drive away
Fwb might be catching feelings ?
My new boyfriend (24) hates texting but lives about an hour long drive away
As a bisexual, is it okay to want the opposite gender sexually while in a monogamous relationship?
My (27F) boyfriend (30M) didn't support me when his family asked me to move out following a one-off mental health crisis. They've since completely excluded me and he has done very little about it.
My Boyfriend Lied to me.. I don’t trust him anymore.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) got kissed by his friend and he still wants the friendship to remain intact
Does your spouse have an obsessive ex?
My boyfriend lied to me and I don’t trust him anymore
𝐋𝐨𝐨𝐤: 𝟗 𝐒𝐢𝐠𝐧𝐬 𝐢𝐭’𝐬 𝐓𝐢𝐦𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐋𝐞𝐭 𝐆𝐨 𝐨𝐟 𝐚 *𝐑𝐞𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐡𝐢𝐩* 😲🔥
Polygamy vs. open relationship?
As a bisexual, is it okay to want the opposite gender sexually while in a monogamous relationship?
My (27F) boyfriend (30M) thinks it ok for his family to treat me like I did something terrible and exclude me their family and home after I had a mental health crisis.
My GF (21F) wants to break up with me (22M) because the of possible future events
I[15f] know I was in the wrong in a relationship with this boy[16m] but I need help
I [26F] screwed up a friendship with this girl [28F] - we are in the same studio. What do I do to make it easier on myself?
I[25M] am currently dealing with a dilemma in my Open Relationship with my SO [22F] of 2 months.
My GF (21F) wants to break up with me (22M) because the of possible future events
How did you get over your first breakup?
My GF (21F) wants to break up with me (22M) because the of possible future events
I [26F] befriended another girl [28F], but ended up screwing it up between us. We are in the same studio. What do I do?
My (31F) boyfriend (36M) and I are in a rut after 4 years. How do you "put in the work" to keep the relationship fulfilling for both partners?
My (42m) wife (36f) is struggling with depression and we're constantly fighting about everything
My [F22] boyfriend's [M22] parents have been footing his bill forever.
Do you think it's at all possible her (f24) and I (m26) might try again someday if we stay friends?
Honest question
3 months
My [27] boyfriend [29M] has admitted a list of things he finds off-putting about me. Is he being too picky or do I need to change?
Escorts vs Girlfriend?
Honest question
My GF (21F) wants to break up with me (22M) because the of possible future events
Escorts vs girlfriend
My [22f] fiance [23m] broke up with me during a fight, then tried to take it back. I don't feel much.
Me (m28) and my ex wife (f28). Am I allowed to be happy?
I[15f] know I was in the wrong in a relationship with this boy[16m] but I need help
Why the change at 3 months?
Can’t promise he’ll love me forever
A perfect valentine..
Difficult roommates
Girlfriend [23M] regretting sex with me [28M]
My boyfriend [27M] and I [24F] are planning to take a break even though we want to marry each other later.
I’m in my first serious relationship and I need help, I don’t know if I’m being crazy or rational(20m)
I (20F) love my boyfriend (23M) but it feels like he is trying to take more and more control over my life.
The Paramour
My (42m) wife (36f) is struggling with depression and we're constantly fighting about everything
I'm (18F) sort of dating my friend's (18F) ex boyfriend (20M) and now she's mad at me
M(24) consumed over internet addiction
Should I [21N] tell my friend [19F] that I have feelings for her after she broke up with her girlfriend?
Is it wrong for me to date?
I [23M] can't stop thinking about how hopeless my pathetic life is.
Me[15F] and my girlfriend[14F] started dating recently, but I can't stop catastrophizing about it.
My [22F] boyfriend [23M] broke up with me then tried to take it back. I don't feel much.
Worst of the bunch
My boyfriends [21] and me [22], long distance relationships
Me [15F] and my girlfriend [14F] started dating recently. I can't stop catastrophizing.
M(24) me has this problem with every relationship since I got addicted
Receiving (41m) silent treatment from my colleague (35f)
i need help
Girlfriend [23M] regretting sex with me [28M]
My parents [60] don’t want me [25F] to tell my sister [35] that my boyfriend [25] asked them for their blessing
Wife's challenging relationship with her father
Should I[24F] be mad that my boyfriend[24M] went to a strop club over the weekend and he didn’t tell me?
Me(16M) was just in a brake up with my gf(15F)
My sister [27 F] doesn't know how best to kick my aunt [43 F] and her kids out of her apartment without our family hating her.
Am I [29m] reading her [26f] body language correctly or overthinking it?
healthy ???
Girlfriend repeats herself
Biggest cheating downfall
lesbian porno
I(16M) was just broken up with my gf(15F)
I (17m) am not sure about dating, i have had numerous chances, but i always rejected all of the girls. What is the right thing to do after these sexual and emotional experiences?
I[F21] and my friends laughed at my boyfriend[M20] for a stupid reason. I feel terrible now.
My girlfriend [28F] lied to me [28M] about her history with one of her guy friends
Was breaking up a mistake?
He broke my heart.
I (17m) just can't date, although there are numerous candidates. I may be afraid, not sure. What should I do do after all these sexual and emotional experiences?
My (21F) ex's (33M) child (7M) wants to see me again.
He broke my heart.
He broke my heart.
He broke my heart.
He broke my heart.
He broke my heart.
He broke my heart.
Im at a loss, how do i move forward? What do i say when she comes around? Help
My bf has been watching cam girls and I don’t know what to do, any advice?
My (17M) emotionally abusive stepdad (53M) is driving me nuts.
I [24M] just got back with a girl I used to date [24F] and I feel trapped
He broke my heart.
He broke my heart.
I [24M] just got back with a girl I used to date [24F] and I feel trapped
I[F21] and my friends laughed at my boyfriend[M20] for a stupid reason. I feel terrible now.
My boyfriend [30M] of one year drunkenly and not drunkenly verbally abuses me when I [28F] tell him his drunk behavior is unhealthy for him and us. Then he says he didn’t mean it.
Receiving (41m) silent treatment from my colleague (35f)
I 23M am exhausted and done with my girlfriend's 21F anxiety
I (27F) am dating someone new (25M) — do I have to tell my recent ex (26M)?
I (F16) got out of an abusive relationship (5mo) with someone (M19) and it’s affecting me. I want to hear similar stories and how You coped.
I (27F) am dating someone new (25M) — do I have to tell my recent ex (26M)?
my boyfriend confessed to me one of his exes will forever be a part of him, and one reason he gave is bc the sex was “really really good.” Is it wrong for me to feel hurt by this?
Me (M21) and my GF (F21) of 1 1/2 years. I had an episode for some reason and i need help.
Worried about my actions in a past online relationship
I (F/24) do not feel desired. How to cope/fix?
Friend
My(m25) roommates (24m)(21f) are having a break, how can I help smooth things over or at least help them recover?
Me[M23] and my girlfriend [F20] have 2 differences that keep us going forward
Me [M21] with my GF [F21]. I had an episode for some reason and need help.
Is it wrong to want to break up with my girlfriend for almost no reason?
How can wife (30F) navigate challenging relationship with her father (65M)
She {20} is not even ready to listen to me {21}
How can I (36M) survive my mother in law moving in with us?
My FWB (27m) and I (26f) seem to be developing feelings for each other. Only problem is he's moving far away for a few months or more in Fall.
My FWB (27m) and I (26f) seem to be developing feelings for each other. Only problem is he's moving far away for a few months or more in Fall.
Unicorn?
I (19F) am not allowed to become financially independent from my mother
My (21M) now ex-fiance (21F) has been having an affair for a year
Things are getting worse day by day. Please help me getting my first love back.
My [20M] friend [20F] had sex with me and now she's obsessed with me
I (19F) am not allowed to become financially independent from my mother
Make Out Tips
Advise for making out
I [30m] sacrificed our relationship to keep her [25f] happy
I have no idea what to do about my friend(20M) and I(19M). I feel that he doesn't value me as a friend as much as I do him.
Over it [NAW]
Wife's difficult relationship with her father.
Unique Situation, I think. 21M and 21F mutual breakup but still both in love
My (22/M) girlfriend ( 21/F) wants to take a nude photoshoot
Difficult realization: if I didn’t put in all the work to maintain relationships (family and friends), I wouldn’t have any
I am (22/M) and my girlfriend ( 21/F) wants to do a nude photoshoot
I [22m] accidentally called my girlfriend [21f] of a year the wrong name and now she thinks I’m cheating
I [21M] haven't been invited to a get together with mutual friends of me and my girlfriend's [22F]
I caught my(f22) girlfriend(f21) trying to sell her underwear on Snapchat to a guy that lives in our town.
My bf is taking a new medication and his side affects terify me.
How do I (26f) get my partner (34f) to go to individual therapy?
Help: I don't know how to tell my friends I'm uncomfortable *MATURE TOPICS WARNING*
Falling out of love in 5.5 year relationship with my [24F] bf [24M]?
I caught my girlfriend trying to sell her underwear on Snapchat to a guy in our town.
Why girls (27F) keep blocking me (33M) on dating apps?
I’ve (f,20) recently been seeing this guy (m,20) and he’s really sweet and genuine. He likes for me to lay of his chest and we talk for hours. He takes care of me when I’m a drunk mess and he makes me laugh. Everything is effortless when I’m with him. However I get mixed signals sometimes. Advice?
I (F24) was assaulted by a close friend (M24) and I can't seem to move on.. it's starting to affect my relationship. Should I break up with my boyfriend (M23) over this?
I’ve recently been seeing this guy and he seems really sweet and genuine. He likes for me to just lay on his chest and talk for hours. He takes care of me when I’m a drunk mess and he makes me laugh. Everything seems really effortless when I’m with him. However I get mixed signals sometimes. Advice?
Should I (22M) tell my best friend (22F) that I'm in love with her?
My wife (22f) thought I(26m) cheated on the eve of our wedding. It has ruined the beginning of our marriage.
Have you ever suddenly stopped talking to a friend?
Have you ever suddenly stopped talking to a friend?
I (F24) was assaulted by a close friend (M24) and can't seem to move on.. it's starting to affect my relationship. Should I break up with my boyfriend over this or not?
GF (24) thinks I (24M) am losing interest in her but I am not
Have you ever suddenly decided to stop talking to a friend?
Me [23M] with my GF [21F] of 4 months, Sex / Anxiety / BC issues
I(F24) was assaulted by a close friend (M24) and can’t seem to get over it— it’s starting to cause problems with my mental health/in my relationship.
My (24f) GF doesn't want kids. I (29m) have started to think I may want children.
I (39M) found out that my son (14M) is sexually attracted to his mother (my wife) (36F).
How do you properly compromise with your significant other?
I [26 F] left my boyfriend [24 M] because of his lack of effort. Now he's begging me back and I feel guilty.
Am I (28f) sabotaging my otherwise good relationship with boyfriend (35m)?
BBC TV Show
26/M was pushing boundaries when he and I (25/F) were making out, he's apologetic but how do I know its genuine?
How do I (24M) get my wife (28F) to put effort in?
My boyfriend hates dirty sex
How 23F can get over 26M who was hot and cold but we get along so well?
Abusive relationship, wanting to move out - need advice.
I think I (F 17) want to get back with my ex boyfriend (M 18), Do you think he feels the same?
26/M was pushing boundaries when he and I (25/F) were making out, he's apologetic but how do I know its genuine?
My husband [32M] said that I [28F] make him a harsh, insensitive person, and that he was never this way in other relationships. Struggling to get past this.
My “friend” sided with my now ex husband after his multiple affairs and leaving his family
I think I (female 17) want to get back with my ex boyfriend (male 18) and don’t know what to do
I (17 F) have been super cuddly and touchy with my (15 M) friend, but I don't know if we should date because of the age gap
Why am I (24F)feeling like this?
Boyfriend (29M) keeps following a girl from his gym on Instagram even though I told him it made me feel bad (29F).
My(M23) girlfriend(F22) wants kids and i don't
I [23F] have not gotten along with my dad [55M] for several years now. I’m not sure why I don’t love him anymore and it breaks my heart
How to deal when both of you are so quiet..
Jealous of my best friend’s (potential??) relationship
(M50) marriage ending developing feelings for friend (F32)
How can I help my girlfriend?
Being ghosted by my long term bf
Two of my friends are wanting to report a special needs kid for having a knife in school and I can get in trouble for it
How do you overcome codependency in a relationship?
How to point out things that make me suffer?
I have no idea what to do about my friend(20M) and I(19M). I feel like he doesn't value me as a friend as much as I do him.
My (22M) girlfriend (20F) hates public transit... ?
I (26F) think my BF (26M) and I, after 3 months of dating and 4 years of friendship should break up, am I overreacting.
My (22M) roommate (also 22M) has started sleeping in our apartment’s shared living room/common space, and it’s driving me insane
My mom wants me to build relationship with my dad, what should I do?
Crying
EX says "what are we?"
(M) Marriage Ending, Developing feelings for (F) friend
My (22M) roommate (also 22M) is driving me crazy sleeping in our living room.
My bf has finally convinced me to keep the cats out of our bedroom. Idk how I feel about this...
My wife (22F) thought I (26M) cheated on the eve of our wedding . It has ruined the beginning of our marriage.
I [20f] feel sad and alone after losing my best friend [21f] of 6 years
I’m (23F) staring to get sick of driving to and from my boyfriend’s (23M) house every week
I (22F) just realized that I'm a toxic girlfriend. Need ALL the advice I can get
I (F19), have this really big crush on this guy (M21) and apparently he likes me too, so we started talking. 3 days into us talking he tells me he isn't ready for a relationship right now and I completely put down all my defenses since I really thought we were on the same page but clearly not.
Should I (19F) distance myself from my close friend (21M) because I have feelings for him and he has a girlfriend?
I (39M) found out that my son (14M) is sexually attracted to his mother (my wife) (36F).
My bf has his ex’s nudes on his phone
My mom wants me to build a bond with my dad, what should I do?
Am I [21 F] wrong to ask my boyfriend [21M] to stop being friends with someone because I suspect she still likes him?
My boyfriend has his ex’s nudes on his phone
I (F19), have this really big crush on this guy (M21) and apparently he likes me too, so we started talking. 3 days into us talking he tells me he isn't ready for a relationship right now and I completely put down all my defenses since I really thought we were on the same page but clearly not.
Advice on helping her find herself?
Being ghosted by long term bf
I feel sad and alone after losing my [20F] best friend [21F]
Ladies
My [29F] boyfriend [31M] keeps yelling at me and confusing me about Valentine's Day
My (21M) ex Fiancee (21F) has kept up an affair for a year now
35yoF x 37yoM. He pulls a 180 on me and has me SHOOK. Salvage or cut loose?
Is my mental health ruining my relationship or is my relationship ruining my mental health?
Am I the asshole for not wanting my ex to date one of my friends
I (29M) want to break up with my GF (26F) but I don’t know what to do.
Am I an asshole for not wanting my ex to date my friend
Me [25m] and my friend [22f] had a road trip together and by her behavior i started to suspect she's in to me so i lied i'm going to date other girl today to test her.
ADVICE: I'm (18F) visiting my cousin (28M) for the first time. We have a complicated family history, Do I tell him that we're related?
How to fight for love when your parents disapprove because of religion? (24F) and (28M)
Is it unhealthy to have a suicide pact?
My boyfriend [31] keeps back-peddling and yelling at me [29F] about Valentine's Day
Need help. Don't know if I love my wife anymore.
Girlfriend is trying to leave, am I enabling this loop?
Girlfriend tries to break up, am I enabling her?
Is it unhealthy to have a suicide pact with my partner?
Don't know if I love my wife anymore
How to fight for your love if you have disapproving parents(religion) ? Girl is (24F), Boy is (28M)
my mother (57) is getting out of rehab (probably way too early) and I need help in how to proceed in my relationship with her
Dealing with Rejection (16M)
EX says "what are we?"
I (25F) fucked my boss (30M) and created a very messy situation at work
How to fight for your love if your parents disapprove?
My (24f) GF never wants kids. I (29m) have recently started to feel I might want kids.
I'm (22f) am tempted to cheat on my bf (25m) which is something I never thought i would have the fantasy to do.
I'm (22f) tempted to cheat on my bf (25m) which I never thought I would have fantasy to do.
Why can’t I be loyal?
How to deal with feelings about my (f/27) ex(m/31) while in a new relationship (m/29)? (Polyamory, long distance)
I(20M) want to ask a girl(20) out on a date, but I have too many constraints.
Why can’t be loyal?
I'm tempted to cheat on my boyfriend which I never thought I would have the fantasy to do.
I (20M) have been infatuated with a girl(20F) for 2-3 weeks now and want to ask her out on a date, but am unsure how to do it.
Ex contacts me once a month
GF 24 never wants kids. I 29 M always felt similarly. But now I'm not sure.
My (25f) boyfriend (29m) is going to be the best man in one of his best friends’ wedding. His ex will be the bridesmaid. Idk if I should come.
Sex in long term relationships
For 3 years i was in a violent and toxic relationship and im feel bad that my behaviour may hurt my boyfriend and my friends.
I [29M] am uncomfortable with how my girlfriend [31F] displays anger towards me
How do I (M/25) end a 2yr relationship with my gf (F/24) when nothing is wrong
My (23/M) girlfriend (23/F) suddenly decided sex is off the table
How do I (me/25) end a 2 half ur relationship with Gf (f/24) when nothing is wrong
Me [25M] with my friend [21 F],had a road trip together and by her behavior i started to suspect she's in to me. So while being wasted i wanted to test things out, pretending i'm going to date other girl today. What's the best options for me now?
I need a lover
My girlfriend suddenly decided that sex is off the table
I (27f) cannot share any of my feelings with my SO(33m).
My (27f) partner (27m) just said “I miss parts of myself I was before you” I should leave shouldn’t I?
Uncaring boyfriend did a 180 over the last few months, what's up with that?
My (21m) ex (23f) and I have been seeing each other again for about a month, and after a great date she ghosts me
I (27 F) cannot share my feelings with my SO (33 M).
Me [25M] with my friend [21 F],had a road trip together and by her behavior i started to suspect she's in to me
Am I overreacting for being hurt by my [F28] boyfriend [M29] who is quite introverted, wanting to see me only twice a week after 6 months of relationship?
Feeling bad about breakup
Anybody understand this?
I’m the
I (f, 24) am feeling unwanted. Advice needed please
Partner with a fear of abandonment
Best friend (26F) cut me off because I (26F) am still friends with her ex (25F)
How do you deal with feelings of anxiety and jealousy
How do you deal with feelings of anxiety and jealousy
My (17f) bf (17m) is being waste
How do you know when a relationship [25F] [25M], is marriage material or just comfortable?
My (17f) bf (17m) is being wasteee
Me [25m] and my friend [22f] had a road trip together and by her behavior i started to suspect she's in to me
Bf machine broken
How do you deal with feeling of anxiety and jealousy in your relationship
Comfort doesnt build attraction in girls mystery does
Is it a breakup?
Am I fooling myself by saying I'm happy being single?
Am I fooling myself by saying I'm happy being single?
I [F/23] think I made my bf [M/24] hate dating
My [26F] husband [29M] joined a stupid bougie club and it's making him act like a pr*ck.
Supporting a partner with undiagnosed anxiety
How to break up with long term boyfriend?
Me [25m] and my friend [22f] had a road trip together and by her behavior i started to suspect she's in to me
I'm stuck. I don't know what to do.
I [F/23] think I made my bf [M/24] hate dating
After last night I (22F) don’t know how to feel with my husband (25M) crossing a boundary during sex
I [F/23] think I made my bf [M/24] hate dating
Thought on people planning dates with their partner that’s are the same locations, events etc as they’ve experienced with past partners?
How to break up with long term boyfriend?
Me 33F likes a 52M, need opinions on a text I want to send
Me 33F likes a 52M, need opinions on a text I want to send.
In love with someone but....
Need help! Friend (F29) is lost and depressed and don't know how to proceed.
My [2F] boyfriend [29M] has admitted a list of things he finds off-putting about me. Is he being too picky or do I need to change?
Afraid that my boyfriend [31M] will be mad at me [30f] because I suddenly quit my job. What do I do?
What to do in a really toxic relationship
How do I (22F) deal with the jealousy of mutuals friends and bf (21M) hanging out without telling me?
Afraid my boyfriend [31M] will be mad at me [30f] because I suddenly quit my job.
Help, how do i get out.
My [F28] boyfriend [M29] who is quite introverted wants to see me only twice a week after 6 months of relationship and I feel saddened by this. That made me thinking, how often do other people actually see their significant other?
How often do you see your significant other? My [F28] boyfriend [M29] who is quite introverted wants to see me only twice a week after 6 months of relationship and I feel saddened by this.
How often do you see your significant other? My [F28] boyfriend [M29] who is quite introverted wants to see me only twice a week after 6 months of relationship and I feel saddened by this.
I[20/F] Have a GIANT Crush On a Guy[24/M] in My Class - Insecurity Getting Best of Me
Miss My Ex
i (31F) met a guy (30M) on tinder and was planning to go on a date with him. saw him on the train today and he got off at the next station
met a guy on tinder and was planning to go on a date with him. saw him on the train today and he got off at the next station
I (M/21) cant stop thinking about my old crush and dont want to hurt my GF (F/22) feelings
I (27/F) just received a friend's request from my biological father..
Am I (45M) overthinking a Valentine's dinner with a another recently divorced friend (35F)?
My need for space is stressing my relationship with my(29F) Partner 30(M) of 3 Years.
I (M21)Can't forget old crush and i dont want to hurt my GF(22) feelings
Need advice
Need some advice (M21) with (F25) I think she might have danced with another guy maybe more
A friends with benefits situation
TL/DR: I [M27] have chronic pain, mood swings and memory gaps. I had an affair [F26] I barely remember having it. It feels like another person. I don't know how to tell my wife [F27]of a relationship of 11 years.
Boyfriend (m/31) wants me (f/27) to sell my dirty undies!?
Oops... I [23F] hooked up with my ex [24M] and I have feelings
I want to break up with my gf to experience other women...
I Think I'm Outgrowing My Best Friend
Guy I'm dating living with his ex..
Resources for partner of retroactive jealousy sufferer.
Wondering what to get your partner this valentine’s? Well this ebook has got you covered! It also comes with a freebie☺️
I want to experience being single again...
HELP Talk : Relationship with Self and Others By Ms. Rohini Gupta
I am a (28 f) could my boyfriend(28) be synchronised with my periods?
How do I(23F) make friends as I'm getting older..?
How do I(23F) make friends as I'm getting older..?
Need help! Friend is lost and depressed and don't know how to proceed
How do I make friendships in person..?
I am a (28 f) could my boyfriend (28) be synchronised with my periods?
Boyfriend wants me to sell my dirty undies!?!?!
My partner (M35) and friend were being inappropriate at my birthday party last year and I don’t know what to do.
Flirting with a colleague, don't want to screw it up
My [18F] SO has been acting in a weird way opposed to my view on political issues how do I [52] convince my SO of 10 years to know am right.
My (27f) partner (27m) made snide comments about me going to console my friend who just got divorced but then said “I don’t care”... what?!
Should I (20M) Get Back Together with my Ex-Girlfriend (19F)?
My [21F] SO told me that my view on political issues may ruin our death grip lotion asshole plunger steaming fist anal cream sex time, I [65M] disagree
My fiancé (M35) of 7 years and one of my friends were inappropriate at a party and I don’t know what to do.
Can I do anything to fix the fact that my BF’s parents have forced him to break up with me?
Boyfriend doesn't say "I love you"
My boyfriend’s parents forced him to break up with me
How to not screw it up ?
I [19F] feel like my boyfriend [23M] doesn't listen to me.
Wondering what to get your partner this Valentine’s?
Should I (20M) get back with my ex girlfriend (19F)?
I [19F] feel like my boyfriend [23M] doesn't listen to me when I'm really trying to tell him what's wrong.
My girlfriend[23F] and I[26M] are moving in together. We've both never lived with an SO before, and we aren't quite sure how we're supposed to go about our days at home after the move.
My girlfriend[23F] and I[26M] are moving in together. We've both never lived with an SO before, and we aren't quite sure how we're supposed to go about our days at home after the move.
Not exactly a relationship advice. I (M30) have a good friend (F35), who I can't stop thinking about romantically. We have a lot in common and I think I am into her. I would like to ask her out on a date, but I am not sure if this is a potential love or just infatuation? How can I be sure?
Woke up to husband jacking it to me and our baby...?
BF (M 19) is going into surgery and I’m (F 19) scared
My girlfriend[23F] and I[26M] are moving in together. We've both never lived with an SO before, and we aren't quite sure how we're supposed to go about our days at home after the move.
What am I to do? I’ve messed up really badly
Boyfriend won't say he loves me (aka can you spend your life with someone who never says they love you)
Should I (16M) ask my crush (17F) what her answer to my confession is?
Should I (16M) ask my crush (17F) what her answer is to my confession?
My ex (27m) apologised to me (22f) then took it all back... why?
Not exactly a relationship advice. I (M30) have a good friend (F35), who I can't stop thinking about romantically. We have a lot in common and I think I am into her. I would like to ask her out on a date, but I am not sure if this is a potential love or just infatuation? How can I be sure?
Woke up to husband jacking it to me and our new baby...?
How can I be productive and myself again?
How can I begin to be productive again?
Why would my ex (27M) apologise to me (22F) then take it back?
I miss my girlfriend's sister?
How do I [20M] properly start texting with a girl [20] I like?
I’ve messed up terribly and I’m at my wits end already.
well shit.
My [25M] girlfriend [23F] lied by omission about having sex with a mutual friend [26M] 3 days before we got together
well shit.
Me the [27/m] pig and my wonderful [25/f] partner.
29m 32f 7months. Should I be worried if she’s wearing sexy underwear to work under her scrubs on some days?
My (30M) libido is too low for my boyfriend (28M)
M-f 7months should I be worried? Q for women
My (30M) libido may be too low for my boyfriend (28M)
I'm [29M] incredibly insecure and a couple of days ago I looked at the internet history of my wife [31F] of 2 years.
I[20/F] Have a GIANT Crush On a Guy[24/M] in My Class - Insecurity Getting Best of Me, Any Advice?
My (30M) sex drive is too low for my boyfriend (28M)
29m 32f of 7 months. question for the women, should I be worried. My gf wearing matching sexy underwear to work on certain days under her scrubs. I’m conflicted and insecure about this.
(Serious) Suggestion for me [31M] talking to my GF[31F]'s father?
Is this normal fight or emotional abusive?
(Serious) Suggestion for me [31M] talking to my GF[31F]'s father/
Alright, so, I asked out my boss
I (24F) am worried about my friend's (22F) self esteem and am not sure how to help her.
My [25M] girlfriend [23F] had sex with a mutual friend [26M] three days before we got together, and never told me until recently
I can and want to be support both me and my bf- am I wrong?
My[18M] sister[22F] has become an extremely toxic part of my life, considering cutting contact when I become independent?
I hate cheaters, and now I hate myself.
How long does it take to get over someone?
My [25M] girlfriend [23F] had sex with a mutual friend [26M] several days before we got together and never told me until recently
Free cricket tips
I’ve seriously fucked up and I’m at my lowest point in my life.
We've had sex twice. I'm clueless?
SEEKING TO FIND LOVE AGAIN
My boyfriend [30M] drunkenly and not drunkenly verbally abuses me when I [28F] tell him his drunk behavior is unhealthy for him and us. Then he says he didn’t mean it.
My boyfriend [20M] has had two weird “instances” with other females and it has recently made me [19F] start to doubt him. But he has not given me other reasons. Don’t know what to think.
How do I (34m) establish boundaries if I can't communicate?
How do I (M34) establish boundaries with people if I can't communicate?
I made a decision after reevaluating everything *LONG!!!*
My(F18) SO(M19) has another girlfriend he won’t break up with and he won’t tell me why.
Am I just being oversensitive to another girl?
Could use some advice please kinda stressing
I (20F) found explicit photos of my friends on BFs (19M) phone
My [19M] Girlfriend [18F] wants to sell underwear photos for money
How Do You Establish Boundaries if You Can't Communicate?
I (34M) got betrayed by a friend (33F) who I confided in when my wife (34F) and I were having issues. I'm filled with hurt, rage and anger. What should I do?
I (28f) am incredibly attracted to my husband's (31m) best friend.
Could use some advice please kinda stressed
I'm genuinely unsure how to feel
How do I (M27) stop ruining relationships?
What Guys wish ladies knew
Could use some advice please kinda stressing
I [16M] e-mailed someone I was interested in [16F] and told them a day or two afterwards that I e-mailed them, yet they responded 5 days after the e-mail.
My [19M] girlfriend [20F] said that she wants to be my daughter’s mother , how should I handle this?
(Nsfw) Bf doesnt really listen when I say I dont want to have sex
I (28f) am incredibly attracted to my husband's (31m) best friend.
The most unexpected thing happened
What guys wish ladies knew
I (20F) found explicit photos of my friends on BF’s (19M) phone
My daughter (21F) was shoved by her boyfriend (23M)
Any advice on (22m) fixing a burnt bridge (23f)?
Self respect and love for him seem mutually exclusive at this point.
My Friends [m17] & [f18] broke up
FWB [f25] of 1,5 years continuously sends mixed signals to me (m26)
What guys wish girls knew
pointless to try and date in college?
FWB [f25] continuously sends mixed signals to me (m26)
Why does my friend (27m) of two years keep asking me (25f) to hangout with his friends?
How do I (25M) recover from my friends interference with this girl (25F)?
I (25f) still have feelings for ex (22m)
2 yr relationship turned FWB Valentines Day??
I [22M] recently just got surprised dumped by my girlfriend [21F]
Struggling with my (22F) relationship with my two sisters (24F and 33F)
is my relationship coming to an end?
I [22M] recently just got surprised dumped by my girlfriend [21F]
Read this when you want to text her.
What happens if a guy hated that he loved what his gf hated about hate?
My boyfriend [30M] has issues with alcohol. Lately, he has really decreased his alcohol intake. But I [30F] still feel triggered when he gets drunk.
I think my wife might be abusive. Maybe you can help clarify
[23M] About to Go No Contact with My Ex [29F] ...Need Some Advice on a Few Bumps in the Road
I [21M] feel as if my girlfriend [21F] is slowly losing feelings for me.
Any chance of getting back together? How can I bring this up to him?
How do I (F19) stop being dependent on my bf (M19) he said it’s effecting him negatively
My Bf (M20) and i (F19) are facing some difficulties bc of my codependency
I [21M] am wondering if my girlfriend [21F] lost feelings.
Dying relationship or hyperbolic feelings
Bf (21M) told me I’m too dependent on him im a (F19)
Read this when you want to text her.
My ex (25F) emotionally cheated on me (25M) with a close friend
When my friend [18M] and I [19F] slept in my dorm room bed, I woke the next morning with him against my back with his hand on my breast and his erection pressed up against my ass. I don't know how I feel about it.
My Ex and my roommate in the bathroom...
I think I'm in an abusive situation, maybe you can validate my feelings.
Any chance of getting back together?
My (25M) girlfriend (25F) emotionally cheated on me with one of my mates
My [25/F] sister [30/F] is causing a family crisis because she is no longer taking care of her children and would instead rather perform at drag shows.
Did you ever fall in love with a married man not knowing he’s married?
Did you ever date a married man not knowing he’s married?
A misspelled Word
I’m (31 M) looking for specific advice in the way of personal anecdotes of ‘life while dating an avoidant’. How exactly (ab)normal is my long-term relationship with my avoidant gf (27 F)?
Friends Breaking Up [18F] & [17M]
My [21/M] mom [51/F] knew for 6 months that my gf [22/F] was screwing an older guy [ 67 ] but didn't want me to find out because she was scared of me going to jail for beating an elderly man ?
My girlfriend
My girlfriend
M 45 f 41. Quasi buddies ex wife.
Problem
Met up with a quasi buddies ex wife.
My gf (24) went to the golf range by herself, Is this normal or am I just being paranoid? Golf courses are mostly male dominate so I find it a little strange. What do you guys think ?
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] left me to go after a guy that is 5 yrs older than her
I’ve never felt more used and stupid before
Should I [20F] teach my friend [26M] French?
My mom is mad she hasn’t met my boyfriend yet
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] left me to go after a guy 5 yrs older than her
My girlfriend denied me being bisexual, and I called her a huge hypocrite.
I’m (31 M) looking for specific advice in the way of personal anecdotes of ‘life while dating an avoidant’. How exactly (ab)normal is my long-term relationship with my avoidant gf (27 F)?
I (18M) Feel Depressed.
Do you feel like your boyfriend avoids conflict/confrontation?
Do you feel like your boyfriend avoids conflict/confrontation?
Do you experience your boyfriend avoiding conflict/confrontation?
Friend (30?F) going to marry irresponsible man-child (36M), not sure if I have any right to say something.
Myself (M24) and SO (F26) broke up after 6 year relationship and am in need of some advice
Divorcing and horny
I (22f) have feelings for a man twice my age (late 40s)
My(22) boyfriend(27) avoids confrontation
I have feelings for a man twice my age
My ex wants to return what should I do?
Myself (M24) and SO (F26) broke up after 6 year relationship and am in need of some advice
My ex wants to return what should I do?
Writing on the wall, or fighting chance? Am I a placeholder?
Should I return with my ex?
How do I (24F) help a friend (25F) realize she’s in an toxic/abusive relationship?
I (24f) don't know how to have a good relationship with my grandma (74f) and am beginning to think that I don't want to.
Writing on the wall, or fighting chance?
My (28F) mom (46F) doesn't want me to move out because she can't afford her rent.
I (24f) don't know how to really have decent bond with my grandma(72f), and I'm beginning to think that I don't want to.
[18]M [27]F she’s not over her ex after 4-5 years, should I stay with her? [8]month relationship
Boyfriend (24m) met up with his ex early on in our relationship. A year and a half later, I don't know if I can let it go.
Is the work split fair?
My “Crush” (15F) “likes”me, (15M) and I don’t know if she really does
I feel so defeated
Am I over jealous? [27m]
i (21m) am worried my partner (19f) is lying about being ok with me flirting and possibly dating guys
How do you help a friend realize they’re in an abusive/toxic relationship?
My (26/f) friend (26/m), who is a part of my wedding party, won't stop calling new girlfriends "the one"
I (M25) need advice on this girl (F25) that I started dating
I need advice
I’m feeling more and more alone yet talking to women over the phone and getting to know them is just so exhausting and I’m so unmotivated to even try anymore...
I (M25) seriously hate my GFs (F24) work and colleagues
so me and my girlfriend are 14 (we are both about to be 15) and we are in a long distance relationship, and the age of consent here in kansas in 16, so will it be okay for us to engage in phone sex when we are 16?
Roommate is being mean and ruining our friendship
[18] M [27]F she’s not over her ex should I leave or stay? My heart hurts a lot.
Did I overreact?
Is it wrong of me (29F) to ask my boyfriend(23M) to not disturb my sleep?
How to get through to my SO that he's not present for the kids and I.
I have no idea what to do about the relationship between my friend(20M) and I(19M)
My GF is suicidal but refuses any treatment
My boyfriend is 5
I have no idea what to do about the situation between my friend(20M) and I(19M)
My boyfriend is 5
Is this okay, because I don't want to ruin my relationship with her
How do I (21M) deal with the fact that my girlfriend (21M) doesn't want to have sex anymore?
We’re fighting and I’m not sure how to fix this
How do I (21M) deal with the fact that my girlfriend (21M) doesn't want to have sex anymore?
I (M25) seriously hate my GFs (F24) work and workmates
Sudden change of perspective on significant other
Not sure I can handle my bf’s work schedule
(23F) Confused about my relationship with my boyfriend (23M) of 4 years. conflicted feelings.
Me (F18) likes 2 guys (M18), (M20) and they BOTH like me
A sudden switch that the person you're with might not be the person you marry?
I’m in a relationship and there are multiple women aggressively coming after me even after I’ve openly stated that I’m not interested.
Am I crazy or should I be more bold
Me [25 M] with my ex girlfriend [24 F] just kissed (on the cheek)
I (m 37) am being accused of being shady by my gf (f 32).
I have 2 crushes and they BOTH like me
Can a relationship that was healthy and then unhealthy be healthy again? (25F) and (27M)
Being told I'm shady because I don't keep all my texts...
Confused about my relationship. conflicted feelings.
My Best Friend [23M] is Getting Married Suddenly and I [23M] Am Shocked
Am I crazy for being upset that my boyfriend was explicit talking about fucking a celebrity?
Those who have had experience with an Avoidant (Dismissive type), how has the relationship been different than what you’re used to? And how did the relationship/dynamic evolve?
Me M/24 with my girlfriend F/24 she makes me feel like a servant
I [27F] have been growing apart from my long-time best friend [29M], and now I'm planning my wedding and making decisions about the bridal party...input, please?
Am I crazy for getting upset when my boyfriend talks about fucking celebrities?
My (21f) boyfriend (21m) of a year just admitted he wasn’t as attracted me, and I feel blindsided
Can’t get over an ex...that I chose to break up with?
My husband [27M] and I [28F] are constantly fighting.
I [m20] got kicked out of a party by my friends
Not strong enough to break my best friends heart
New date, Valentine's gifts?
How much do you open up and how soon?
Don't have the strength to break my best friends heart..
Uh, yeah. Don't have the strength to break up
How to Handle My(M20) Girlfriend(F20) Pressuring Me Into Unprotected Sex?
I can’t get over being taller than my boyfriend
Texting Advice
I can’t get over being taller than my boyfriend.
Texting Advice
What was the final straw that made you leave a relationship?
I feel like I [20M] need to break off the relationship with my best friend [20F]. I don't have anyone else to talk to and I could use some support and advice.
Ex-FWB ended things because he went along the lines of saying that he feels he couldnt see other people while he was with me and that at his age (26), he would like to meet new people
My FUCKED up LOVE LIFE long distance
UPDATE: My ex bf (32m) and I (33f) hung out after him ghosting
I (M19) have feelings for someone (F19) other than my girlfriend (F20)
Update: My ex-bf (32/m) and I (33/f) hung out after him ghosting me for 1 year.
7 Months Post Break-up & Life Still Feels Weird
Should I Tell my [18M] Girlfriend [17F] that I was Touchy with Another Girl in College?
Should I Tell my [18M] Girlfriend [17F] that I was Touchy with other Girls in College?
my twin brother always snitches on me to my mom we’re 21 he needs to stop what do I do?
My ex gf dumped me last week. And now she wants to speak with me. Should I respond to her? Thank you for the responds
My ex gf dumped me last week
Enchanted evening followed by the DUMBEST text
Just over 7 years, one kiddo, and no signs of improvement. I probably know what I need to do but I'm having a hard time. It's a long story, but I guess I need validation?
Enchanted evening followed by bummer text-
Still having crushes
my twin brother always snitches on me to my mom we’re 21 he needs to stop what do I do?
I (mid20sF) think my ex (mid30sM) is ghosting me. Should I try reaching out again? How do I find closure?
F4M seeking NYC or Parisian
BF's (28M) annoying best friend always there....
Fellow Redditors, help me (24F) understand him (24M)
I (27M) have a problem with fidelity.
Am I[30m] in the right to feel like this is a dick move by my friend[30f] or am I too much in my own feelings right now?
Still having crushes
Am I[30m] in the right to feel like this is a dick move by my friend[30f] or am I too much in my own feelings right now?
Me (23f) and my bf (26m) talking about marriage. How many bridesmaids/groomsmen are normal?
I'm (f 31) finding myself jealous of husband's(m35) new work friend. (f30ish)
I (28M) am unsure of my feelings for my gf (26F) after a big fight. Will my feelings for her comeback?
How many bridesmaids/groomsmen is normal?
Reconciliation - Not at its Finest?
How do I [20M] properly start texting with a girl [20] I like?
How do I [20M] start properly texting with a girl [20] I like?
How do I properly start texting with a girl I like?
Fuck buddy wants to be exclusive but doesn't want a serious relationship
[42/f] My boyfriend (38/m) just went on a big meltdown about my daughter (8/f)
She (18 F) jokes around, laughs at everything and smiles a lot around me (20 M) Does this mean shes interested?
My [29F] husband [31M] changes his mind and backs out at the last minute all the time?
Not making people happy
I (20F) am so confused about what to do in a relationship with my fiancé (M23)
I (36F) am not attracted to my husband (38M) since he lost weight and then started gaining muscle
I (28M) am now unsure how I feel about my girlfriend(26F) of almost 2 years.
How Do I (25F) Confront My BF (29M) About Them Cheating
Should I leave the relationship? I am so confused at this point and lost. Please help
Should I (23M) accept my parents (60F/55M) for counseling to fix our relationship?
Should I (24f) end a long friendship (25f)?
My bf [18M] and i [18F] are starting college at different places and im afraid this may affect the relationship. Any advice?
What are the three best and three worst things about dating you?
I think my boyfriend hates me, but I don't want accept the reality of separating from my best friend.
My(F26) husband (M26) makes me into the bad guy
Should I (24f) end a friendship that's over 10 years old? (25f)
I [27F] am not excited to move in with my boyfriend [26M] because of his dog.
I [23F] fell out with friend group [22-24F], still want to stay friends with some of them.
Just got out of an enmeshed relationship
I'm not excited to move in with my boyfriend because of his dog.
Just got out of a year and a half relationship with someone I was enmeshed with
My (19M) Friend (19M) has a toxic relationship with his mother (40) + extended family, but is terrified of cutting ties, what advice can i give him?
Is it ok that I (31M) don't have a super lovey-dovey relationship with her (26F)
My parents [48M] and [45F] just gifted me a condo [23F] under their name?
Has anyone experienced or believed in, love at first sight?
Should I ask my friend why she seems too busy to text me?
I think my mum (40’s) has depression and PTSD. How do I (20’s) help?
should i ask out this girl i mean it’s a week til valentine’s day and i rlly just want to treat her right. but with my last relationship i got broken and i get anxiety to get another gf and she just breaks my heart like the last. and i want to focus on my studies and sports but it feels like i need1
I (F30s) was ghosted and is having a really hard time dealing with it.
I [36/F] am concerned that his [35/M] erection issues are bad for our relationship
Males, I need help
How do I [21M] stop obsessing over this girl [20F] that I started going out with?
Should someone(M34) I(M32) ''dated'' while he was in town on a business trip tell me when he's coming back?
My Dad throughout my entire existence and to this day always tells me and my siblings "Your mother comes first" He's said it over a thousand times. Anyone else have a parent that does this?
Males i need help.
I [36/F] am concerned his [35/M] ED issues are causing us problems...
How do I [21M] stop obsessing over this girl [20M] i started going out with?
Does he want more or is he just jealous?
How to overcome temptation or should I end it? 6 year relationship
Males Help me!!
I(46M) am in a new relationship with a new love (46F), both after long term relationships and she insists on keeping us a secret.
Advice Please!
I think my mum (40’s) has PTSD and depression, how do I (20’s M) help?
My (37m) wife (35f) let another man drink her breastmilk and I'm thinking about divorce her.
My(29m) wife(27f) had the beginnings of an emotional affair.
Hmmm....
25
Some Advice please!
My (21F) boyfriend (20M) won’t stop talking to my roommates
I (M20) worry that I'm rebounding on my current partner (F22)
Any advice of starting college while being on a relationship from high school? I’m 18F and my bf 18M
My (29m) wife (28f) had the beginnings of an emotional affair.
I (M22) am dating somebody (F22) who uses offensive words
I (F30s) was ghosted. Having an unusually hard time dealing with it.
My(31f) boyfriend (33m) is giving me the cold shoulder because I didn't want to have sex last night. I need perspective from outside sources.
My (37m) wife (35f) let another man drink her breastmilk and I'm thinking about divorce her.
Asking him to move out
Finding a girlfriend is hard
What are some things you would feel the need to let your future partner know before getting in a relationship with them after having gone through emotionally/mentally abusive relationships in the past?
Is it ok to date a friends ex?
Boyfriend (22) says he can’t go out to clubs or bars with his friends if I (21) already have plans to go to the same one.
A guy (28M) I'm (29F) talking to had a scratch on his neck. Is this suspicious or am I being paranoid?
A guy (28M) I'm (29F) talking to had a scratch on his neck. Do you think this is suspicious?
Is it okay to sleep with a friends ex?
How Can I (26/M) Manage Getting So Upset When People Ignore Messages/Are Not Open?
Weighs on my mind everyday...storytime
My boyfriends past with a friend
My dad(M57) is hiding something from all of us
My (24M) GF(26F) ex family is having contact with her and her family because his mom is currently in the hospital
My boyfriend broke up with me, then texts me saying he wants to get back together only a few hours later. How do I learn to trust him again after he hurt me like that?
Weighs on my mind everyday...storytime
My (24M) GF(27F) ex family is having contact again with her because his mom is dying. ¿It's OK to feel weird?
I posted about a month ago and the post was mid deleted, but I wanted to say thank you.
Should I (16M) go out with this girl (16F), or let her go out with her friends?
Should I (16M) do something with this girl I like (16F) on Valentine’s Day, or should I let her go out with her friends?
Accidentally led someone on
Am I [30F] getting blown off by a friend [30M]?
Im the one ask for the break up but why do I feel sick about it.
How Can I Stop Getting So Upset When People Ignore Messages/Aren't Open?
People of reddit, what are somethings you would feel the need to let your future partner know before getting in a relationship with them after having gone through emotionally/mentally abusive relationships in the past?
Accidentally led someone on
My boyfriend broke up with me, then texts me saying he wants to get back together only a few hours later. How do I learn to trust him again after he hurt me like that?
Best way to tell bf I lied
I (18) was asked by my long time crush (19) to go on a trip with her alone
I (18) was asked by my long time crush (19) to go on a trip with her alone
Me and my brother got into a brawl......who is in the wrong?
M[17]
Romantic/physical intimacy while single
NarcAbuse
I (20F) am lowkey in love with a boy (19M) I went on two dates with 6 months ago
How seriously are most people considering marriage when they start dating?
(22M) When you meet him at the party
My (18M) bisexual girlfriend (18F) made out with another bisexual girl while drunk
I [30F] and my boyfriend [24M] having disagreements over how to say no to sex. Am I in the wrong here?
I (26F) am considering dating someone (29M) into crossdressing and need advice
How seriously are most people considering marriage when they start dating?
Dating app experiences (first datezzz)
My(F21) friend(F20) keeps saying she's too busy to hang out but I feel like it's bullshit.
I (26M) got into drunken blow up with my girlfriend (26F) of 6 months
25yo 0 friends, virgin in the worst possible place to be
Let's talk stories!
My (31f) boyfriend (31m) of 3 years and step-sister (33f) are becoming best friends, and I’m having issues with it
I need help writing a love letter for Valentine’s for my girlfriend. I don’t know what to include or what makes a girl feel loved and happy in the way of doing that. I’ve never written something like this, I just want to show her how much I love her
I don’t know what to do😪
My (20M) best friend (20M) just got married at 20 years old.
I don’t know what to do😪
(22M) When you meet him at the party
My bf [61M] and I [24] may get married this year but idk.
I (26F) am considering dating a guy (29M) into crossdressing and need advice
[Long Distance] My BF [31M UK] of 8 months has a trip booked to visit me [27F USA] in 5 days, but his father has been very ill, is now not responding to calls, and may be near the end. Feel helpless. What next?
Im (23F) pregnant with ex’s (27M) child. We had a special moment when I told him but he still doesn’t want to get back together...
My Girlfriend [21F] and I [21M] will be 13 hours away from each other for 6 months
I (29M) have bad separation anxiety and intrusive thoughts and that ruins a lot of chances to do the right thing.
Me (24M) will probably get married to my bf (61M) this year and move to America but idk
Meeting dads new SO but not telling mom
I posted this in another community but thought I might get more feedback here
I feel like I have too high of moral standards for women
In love with best friend, but there are a few problems with pursuing this any further.
Еxcellence of native English speakers.
(32M) After 2 weeks of breakup, my ex(30F), decided to throw issues at me she never mentioned before.
My (31f) boyfriend (31m) of 3 years and my step-sister (33f) are becoming best friends, and I’m having issues with it
Not sure I can handle my bf’s work schedule
I am very emotionally dependent and I easily feel burdened by someone depending on me.
My family went to my birthday dinner without me
I(27M) made out with a friend(23F) I had a crush on while drunk. don't know how to proceed.
Im (26m) interested in a lady (24f)
My (18M) bisexual girlfriend (18F) made out with another bisexual girl while drunk
Should I [31F] get back together with my ex [31M] from 7 years ago and how do I do it?
It was a long few days
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (23M) have been talking about an open relationship for a while now, and could use some advice
I [24F] have a big fat crush on my coworker [23M]
I(M20) dont know whats going on in the relationship
I (20F) isolated myself with my (21M) partner and lost all conversational skills
My(29F) new boyfriend(34M) and I just called it quits because I found out he is still seeing other women in the worst possible way. Possibly NSFW.
I (20f) isolated myself with my partner (21m) for a year
My (32/F) BF's (32/M) parents (M/F 50's) are asking me to house/dog sit for a week for free. I've done so in the past for them and it was a nightmare. The kicker - they already asked their daughter (30/F) to do it *with pay* and she refused.
My (20M) best friend since we were 2 years old (20M) just got married and told everyone a week later.
My girlfriend poos standing up
Me [15M] and a girl [15F] have been talking for a couple months. Spent all night texting last night and now I don't know what to do
I(M20) dont know whats going on with the relationship
I (15M) spent all nigh texting a girl (15F) ....Now I don't know what to do
I (20 M) cant tell if this girl (18 F) likes me. Should I just ask her out?
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (23M) have been talking about an open relationship for a while now, and could use some advice
I [24f] am feeling sad and lonely during our temporary long-distance [with husband, 25m of 6 months]
How Can I End on Good Terms (Male 17)
I [21M] am into a girl [21M] in every way except physical.
I [20F] just want to know how I can maybe not be so clingy?
What’s everybody doing for Valentine’s Day? Any plans?
Sister (23F) mentally unstable and tried to steal boyfriend of 2.5 years (23M), and wants me to apologize (23F)
My [24F] best friend [23F] is having an obscenely expensive wedding
My [18M] bi girlfriend [18F] made out with another bi girl
How can I end on good terms
Should I (18F) be annoyed at my bf (21M) for making me bored?
I 28Male and a married woman 34Female kissed and I liked it smh
How to End on Good Terms :(
Boyfriend broke up to focus on college
My brother (30M) and his partner (30F?) seem to treat my partner (33M) and I (33F) as if we are some sort of alcoholics
Don't know what I want anymore.
My BF (24) doesn’t remember hurting me (F 21) and doesn’t admit to (or remember) hiding my things
My(22, M) boyfriend(22, M) is having a major surgery tomorrow and I’m starting to freak out about it
A wild few months
My(22, M) boyfriend(22,M) is having a major surgery tomorrow morning and I’m starting to freak out about it
My (32/F) Boyfriend (32)'s mom (56/F) asked me to house/dog-sit after their daughter refused. They offered to pay her, but did not offer to pay me. I've already done it for free as a favor in the past and it was a nightmare.
I [30M] does not want to lose first love [26F]
I [19M] broke up with my girlfriend [19F]
My [M28] girlfriend [F25] and I broke up, then after two months of no contact she contacted me, spent 3 weeks sleeping over, lying the entire time about being with her abusive ex at the same time, and what they were doing together.
Love Languages Book
I need some relationship advice
I [18F] don’t feel any sort of respect for my mother[44F]
Losing Contact with my friends
I (28F) have anxiety about my bf (29M) going out with his co-workers. One of them has suggested that he break up with me in the past.
Ph.D. program director wants me to be in a 5~7-minute video about the program that will be publicly shown at a conference. I'm uncomfortable doing it for various personal reasons.
My bf isn't as sexual as me [f], and I fear it will hurt our relationship.
Final Update: My GF Has Never Had A Healthy Relationship With Any Man.
I (19f) would like advice regarding my ex (21m)
I [19M] broke up with my girlfriend [19F]
I am turning 15 in some days, she is turning 14 in start of April. Is that too big of an age gap?
I [26] have needs which my partner [33] can't comprehend. Am I childish if I want...
Am I done or just overthinking ?
Lost contact with my friends
Is it ridiculous to cut off best friend for hanging out with this girl who used to f*** my ex?
My date cancelled on me last minute, should I be worried?
I [26] have needs which my partner [33] can't comprehend. Am I childish if I want...
I [26] have needs which my partner [33] can't comprehend. Am I childish if I want...
My [20F] parents [40s F & M] want to take in a cat that they refuse to groom.
Pls help break a record for something stupid lol
My F(21) gf told me M(22) somthing the other day and it jeopardized our entire relationship
Having Feelings for Older Man- How to appropriately flirt/ is it appropriate to flirt?
I am turning 15 in some days, she is turning 14 in the start of April. Is that too much of an age gap?
I [26] have needs which my partner [33] can't comprehend. Am I childish if I want...
Recently separated, met handsome patient at work, intense interest, but feels wrong.
I love my husband but, I don't think I'm IN love with him. What should I do?
Friends with someone you have feelings for?
I think he cheated on his girlfriend with me.
Me [30 F] with my partner [37 M] 12 years, him flirting with other woman - can described situation be a red alarm?
I (25m) am developing feelings for my (42f) coworker and don't know if I should pursue them.
My (27F) friend(21F), stopped talking to me and i think i know why
My [20F] parents [40s F & M] want to take in a cat that they refuse to groom.
I love my husband, but I don't think I'm IN love with him. What should I do?
I think my [31F] long-time friend [26M] played me and I don't know how to deal
Weird insult by girlfriend
I (21M) ignored my siblings (24M and 23F) at my birthday and my other sister (22F) says I'm being too harsh on them
Possible to not remember past sexual experiences in any detail?
Is my gf not into me or am I clingy?
My(21 f) bf ( 20m) blocked me from every where again
My girlfriend hates herself and I’m struggling to cope with her.
Weird insult by girlfriend.
My girlfriend is a “depressive” and I’m struggling.
My gf(31) May have lied about always using condoms in the past. Can I (35m) give her benefit of the doubt?
Remembering past sexual experiences question
Is my girlfriend not that into me or am I just clingy?
[30 M] My friend’s [29 M] girlfriend [28 F] has major issues with jealousy and possessiveness and he’s starting to take it out on me
I (28) am struggling to connect with my wife (28) who is 7 months postpartum. What can I do to help her and help us grow?
I (25M) feel like I need to move, girlfriend (26F) wants to stay
Does it work?
How to have a fun fling without letting my past sexual assault wreck it?
My [23N] little brother [14M] has developed unhealthy eating habits and I want to help
I (27F) discovered about my estranged father died over 3 years ago just now and debating what to do.
Me [30 F] with my partner [37 M] 12 years, him flirting with other woman - can described situation be a red alarm?
I [21M] am into a girl [21F] in every way except physical. Is it still worth pursuing?
Is this a red alarm?
Is saying I love you really such a huge deal or it's just a movie thing?
My (26M) GF's (30F) ex won't return her car unless she comes back to him
I(19M) AM DATING A GIRL 19 YEARS OLDER THAN ME
My friend never takes my advice and it's getting on my nerves
Am i overreacting?
My (26M) GF's (30F) ex won't return her car unless she comes back to him
My LDG (22F) is ignoring me (25M), am I doing something wrong or is she not being understanding?
GF's ex won't give her car back unless she comes back to him
How often do you argue with your SO? What is normal?
Am i overreacting?
Doubts about my (23F) boyfriend (25M). Is he shady?
A stranger helped me through my (21F) depression when boyfriend (27M) couldnt/wouldnt
Are my (23F) doubts about my boyfriend's porn habits (25M) unfounded?
How often do you argue with your SO? What is normal?
My (20 M) friend (20 F) left me at bars
My (20 M) friend (20 F) left me at bars
How do I come off as less boring? [25M]
I think he cheated on his girlfriend with me.
I’m (18m)in a toxic relationship (18f)and I don’t know how to get out or move on.
How often do you fight/have arguments or debates with your SO? What is normal and what is not.
SIL’s BF is a walking red flag. She just said we need to accept him bc they’re gonna be married in the next 5 years. They’ve been together since November.
My gf[20] broke up with me [19/M]
Pop Up?
A strange situation with my ex
How do I stop being clingy?
How do I stop being clingy
How do I stop being clingy
Me (M20) slept with ex (F20) although she's got a new boyfriend (M22)
My (21M) girlfriend (21F) thinks it’s okay to flash people for free shots at a bar and won’t apologize for it.
My [28M] Best friend[26F] and I aren't talking because I told her that I liked her and needed to back off.
Boyfriend not into outdoors , and tells me to suck it up, and do career with him that sets me up for my hobbies long term......?
I (23f) isolated myselft from my partner (23m) and I feel we are reaching the point of no return.
Gf[20] broke up with me
Couples of Reddit - what metrics do you use to gauge the health/happiness of your relationship?
Ex-girlfriend (24) slept with a close friend 3 months after we broke up. We are back together and I (27M) can't get over it
How to encourage (24F) a recently non-virgin (24m) to eat a girl out
How do I [20M] address my girlfriend [18F] never wanting to hear my side of any argument?
I (28) am struggling to connect with my wife (28) who is 7 months postpartum. What can I do?
Was it my fault (27f) or did my "friend"(27f) alienated me from our group of friends? I feel so depressed about the whole thing.
My [20M] girlfriend [18F] never wants to hear my side of any disagreement, misunderstanding, or argument and I’m wondering how I address this?
Slept with my ex even though she's got a new boyfriend
Really uncomfortable with everything relating to sex due to abuse from family
Told GF I was bisexual, and I called her a hypocrite for her doubts.
I think I messed up and I don't know what to do now...
My [20M] girlfriend [18F] never wants to hear my side of any disagreement, misunderstanding, or argument
My [20M] girlfriend [18F] will never allow me to explain myself if we have a misunderstanding or disagreement
Obligated to attend Grandfather's funeral?
My gf[20] and i [19] broke up
Long distance?
I (22f) am jealous of my boyfriend (29m) following instagram "baddies", camgirls and pornstars on twitter, etc??
Experiences with long distance?
I think I messed up and I don't know what to do...
Struggling to connect with my wife who is 7 months postpartum. What can I do?
I [19m] gave a girl [19m] my number advice?
I think my ex-boyfriend [24M] bought me [22 F] a stuffed toy and is giving it to me, this week, almost two years after we broke up.
Family dinner with SO's family and his ex: I just won't go!
getting jealous of boyfriend following instagram "baddies", camgirls and pornstars on twitter, etc??
How do you balance time between your partner and others?
How do I get a closure? Should I move on or share my feelings with her?
My boyfriend (27M) doesn’t want to change F(22M)
How do I get a closure? Should I move on or share my feelings with her?
How do I deal with a future MIL that has never and will never like me? Does it ever get better?
Gave a girl my number advice?
Do I go to my grandfather's funeral?
Gave a girl my number advice?
How do I deal with a future MIL that has never and will never like me? Does it ever get better?
My [30/F] boyfriend [36/M] has feelings for another girl [mid/late-20’s/F]
My gf[20] and I[19] broke up and i still feel for her, what to do
was dating girl (18), she became distant, i(21) asked her why and she said "we need a break". What to do?
Had a fight my boyfriend
I hate my lazy boyfriend
My boyfriend (43m) is so inconsiderate towards our neighbours. I (26f) feel so guilty for them. They have threatened to go to pur landlord, I want to tell them to do so. Am I wrong?
My bf doesn’t want to change
Should I go to Grandfather's funeral (TW family sexual abuse)
I was the toxic one all along, I want to fix it
I (19F) moved about a week ago and I thought I’d be thrilled to be on my own but I feel like I may have made a mistake
I [22M] went on coffee date with girl [24F] from my office, still not sure if she's interested, so how/when do I ask her out again making it clear I am interested romantically
I'm (28F) starting to feel something for a guy (28M) I rejected. He's now dating my friend (29F)
Is it healthy to explore intimacy with someone I’m not very into?
My parents (50+ M and F) are pressuring me (25M) to marry someone from my country only and I feel like I’ll be forced to make a difficult decision
Ex keeps telling me he loved another girl while being with me but still tries to keep in touch
Is it healthy to explore intimacy with someone I’m not very into?
Me [27 M] with my long distance FWB/best friend [28 F] of 6 months. I confessed my feelings to her and when I asked her how she feels about me she says she "doesn't know" and "needs to make a decision". I feel like she's pulling away. How do I handle the situation?
My boyfriend (30M) won't change his behaviors no matter how much I (30F) ask
Is he (M 35) scared of losing me (F 27)? Suddenly opened up and became more intimate...
Redditors in long distance relationships, what's your story?
Feeling Insecure: Life without compliments
My [24F] bf of 5.5 years [24M] calls me a stupid hoe/bitch as a joke. Is this okay?
Boyfriend getting close to Coworker. Am I overreacting?
How do I [30's F] move on from a previous abusive relationship?
I (19M) entered a long distance relationship (20M) despite having commitment issues.
I ended things with someone I’m falling in love with and I don’t know if I made the right decision
Boyfriend getting close to a coworker. Am i overreacting?
I ended things with someone I’m falling in love with and I don’t know if I made the right decision
Why she’s always complaining about everything I do?
I (30f) just had the divorce talk with my (40m) husband and now I don’t know how to move forward
Dating someone you disagree with politically, good or bad idea? [24F] [26M]
My (27M) gf (25F) always thinks we’re fighting and it’s getting overwhelming, don’t know what to do
Why do I keep falling for emotionally unavailable men?
My parents (50+ F and M) are pressuring me (25M) to marry someone from my own culture only and its possibly forcing a difficult decision
Caught in the middle
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
I (30f) just had the Divorce talk with my (40m) husband and now I don’t know how to move forward.
I [19F] think that my step brother [17M] has feelings for me after he and I started sleeping around a few months ago
How do I get out of this relationship?
My girlfriend and I of 1 year have a dead bedroom.
I'm a bit concerned about my relationship, not sure if it's anxiety, personal insecurity or if I have actually reason to be concerned. M20;F21
I'm an pushy asshole wtih very large hunger for love (Im sorry Kübra)
We like each other but I’m scared
Me (13M) and my brother (15M) got into a physical fight and my dad is punishing me more harshly
My girlfriend and I have completely different views on sex, and it’s creating a disconnection between us
Relationship anxiety won't personal insecurity or valid reason to be concerned?
I (30F) have the hots for my apartment manager (32M) and it's driving me insane
Relationship anxiety and personal insecurity? Or valid reason to be concerned? (Long post)
Does anyone shut down during arguments with your SO?
My older brother cry
Relationship anxiety and personal insecurity? Or vaild reasons to be concerned?
Caught in the middle
Does anyone shut down during arguments with your SO?
I (21F) don't know what to think about my best friend (21F)
(26f) Am I doing the wrong thing going behind my boyfriend's (44m) back? He is being so I considerate, fed up.
My son says narcissistic principal destroyed my life
I (58m) feel like I never really knew my wife (57F) after seeing the way she handled finding out about our daughters (25f) actions
People with different love languages than their SO, how did you adjust?
I’m (30/f) in love with him (32/m) but we’ve never met. It’s been 12 years. He loves me too
I (21F) don't know what to think or do with my best friend (21F)
We’re (30/f me and 32/m him) in love for last 12 years but never met.
Guy breaking up during arguments?
My Gf (17F) And I's (17M) Has Grown More Complicated Because of Our Parents.
Leaving
Biopolar spouse
Breaking up in the heat of the moment?
My [32F] bully and assaulter [33M] moved 15 minutes away from me with his wife [31F] to the city that I moved to before he did. How do I navigate this?
My gf (17F) and I's (17F) Relationship Has Gotten More Complicated Because of Our Parents.
My wife (24/F) and I (28/M) can't agree on what needs to be done with her cat
I (58M) feel like I never really knew my wife (57f) after seeing the way she handled finding out about my daughters (25F) actions
24 Going With The Flow
How do I (36m) react to my mother’s (64f) gift for my child (<1m)?
How do I (36m) react to my mother’s (64f) gift for my child (<1m)?
24 m Going with the flow
My bf (16M) has been sending slutty pics of himself in my clothes to guys online and i (16F) wanna stop feeling like an ugly worthless piece of shit.
I’m (Late 20sF) sitting down with my BF (30sM) in a short while to discuss issues I see with our relationship. I don’t know how I want this to turn out.
Im going to my girlfriends ex husbands family party.
I abondoned my pregnant abusive girlfriend.
My [32F] bully and assaulter [33M] moved 15 minutes away from me with his wife [31F] to the city that I moved to before he did. How did I navigate this?
Please help me (16f) stop feeling like a worthless piece of shit. Looking for serious advice.
Feeling of guilt after a break up
I left my abusive pregnant girlfriend.
Should I step out of my friends [21F] wedding?
Should I step out of my friends [21F] wedding?
Considering stepping out of wedding party and not attending wedding. Need advice
A couple of years ago I (30f) had a one night stand that ended up scarring me for a long time, my bf insists I have to message the guy to tell him how it affected me.
The Road Ahead
my ex best friend is trying to ruin my life bc I dont want to be her friend
Help me w emotional health? He’s (46m) my (43f) verbal abuser, introvert husband, and now I’m sleeping with him again.
my ex-best friend is trying to ruin my life.
Girl(18) im(20) "dating" suddenly not replying to my texts/voice messanges?
What’s a sacred relationship rule you have with your partner?
(26 f) Am I wrong to go behind my boyfriend of 3 years (43 m) back?
Am I doing the wrong thing going behind my boyfriend's back?
my crush doesn't know i exist
So my girlfriend (20F) and I (18M) of almost 2 years broke up recently and I’m unsure of what to do exactly because the reason we broke up has to do with a lot of things.
I feel like I have no really special friends, but there is a person I would do anything to become friends with. I will end my life if I will forever fail trying to befriend this person. So how can I befriend her?
The Road Ahead
AITA for getting mad after gf got upset because she didn't think I was putting in effort?
Ashamed of my feelings after a breakup
Anxiety about a girl...
My s/o is horrible with saving money
The road ahead
The moment you fell out of love with your S/0: was it one instance or was it gradual ?
While arguing with my mom I (19F) have admitted to her that I don't respect or actually care for her, despite that being only partially true
Ashamed of my feelings after a breakup
Remember the travelling couples with the cringy hand in hand IG-pics? I wonder how they are doing..
While arguing with my mom I (19F) have confessed to her that I don't respect and actually care for her, dispite that being only partially true
[m18][f18] I didn’t know how much a toxic relationship affected me untill now. How can I repair myself?
Polyamory AMA
I (21F) have to leave my house immediately and I don't know who I should be moving with
M[18] F[18] I’ve just realized how much a toxic relationship affected me. How can i repair myself?
I f(16) am tired of my partner m(17) not putting in enough effort
Why is my (22F) boyfriend (23M) only affectionate when he thinks I’m going to breakup with him?
Know when to leave, I didn't.
Should I (30/f) tolerate my boss' (50+/m) temper and stay, or am I in the right to leave?
My girlfriend ( 35 ) hasn’t spoken to me (28m) since Monday.
I was not aware how much my toxic relationship changed me. But I’m starting to see some signs.
I f(16) am tired of my partner m(17) not putting in enough effort
Girl (23F) i (23M) like says she needs space, she told me to wait for her to feel better. Need advice.
How can I stop being so insecure about my lack of experience with guys?
boyfriend (31m) gets mad when i (29f) do the same thing too often in my recreational time. is this controlling behavior or does he have a point?
I [27F] am lost on what to do about my bf [25M] and our life together
Am I (22F crazy for what I did to my BF (20M)?
How can I stop being so insecure about my lack of experience with guys?
I’m [22M] in a weird situation with my exes [21F] family
How can I (25f) help a friend (25m) understand that he needs to chill about finding a relationship?
I Think I'm Outgrowing My Best Friend
Should I be mad at my wife for spending $2k on concert tickets?
i regret telling my crush it’s normal to compliment the opposite gender cuz now i can’t tell if he’s flirting when he calls me hot?
Girl i like says she needs space, she told me to wait for her to feel better. Need advice.
What does it mean when you're being used as a sounding board for the conversations happening in another relationship?
Why am i doing this to myself?
My girlfriend started cutting herself again after beeing clean for 4 year. How do I help her?
What does it mean when you're being used as a sounding board for what goes on in another relationship?
My (M21) now ex-girlfriend (F19) of 1 1/2 yearscompletely changed her personality.
My (28m) insecurities, and what should I do?
Boyfriend (M/21) breaks up with Girlfriend (F/22) because he wants to explore.
I (F39) feel like my relationships with friends who now have children are struggling, because I've never been that interested in young children.
A married woman and I kissed
My (28m) insecurities, and what should I do?
Is my [20M] brother [30M] abusive or am I just sensitive?
Travel advice for a late valentines :)
She's been distant...
My (24) brother (28) was drunk last night and wanted to drive his car. I told him I’d never talk to him again if he did, but he did it anyway
Partner still hangs out with girls he had sex with
Miss my First BF, but he hates me
Advise on boyfriends friend over all weekend every weekend
How do I (M27) stop ruining my relationships?
My [33 M] fiance [29 F] of 7 months (currently together for 2 years), is noticing that her friends aren't showing much support or being very happy for her on our upcoming wedding in June.
I'm a Male and a married woman at work and I kissed
Did I cheat?
I [22/F] came from a strict sex negative household and now I have a hard time enjoying it with my bf [23/M]
My (41F) partner (48F) divulged private information about her ex's sex life to a group of mutual friends and I'm upset for many reasons, not sure which are valid, if any.
My boyfriend (22M) doesn't want to have sex with me (20F)
Advice needed
I (18m) like a girl (18f) from my college degree, but I have a girlfriend (18f)
my [31M] Partner [29F] is becoming distant and unmotivated.
My GF [25F] never tries to make physical contact with me [28M] and seems to avoid all close opportunities. How do I bring this up in a conversation?
I (20f) suck at being in a relationship with my boyfriend (22m)
When you are in love with a girl and you date for three years just to be told 7 days before Valentine’s Day that she cheated on you (which she admitted to).
I (23F) broke up with my bf (25M) but i can’t get over him or the pain.
i don't feel safe with my girlfriend
My boyfriend(22m) doesn't want to have sex with me(20f)
I (30m) think I'm in am emotionally abusive relationship with my wife (30f). But I don't know because I have no friends to ask for help/advice.
After soo many memories when someone treats you like a stranger .....It kills!!
**TL;DR;**: i don't feel safe with my girlfriend
Should we (39F) (32M) not be talking about infertility treatments?
Should we (39F) and (32M) not be talking about infertility treatments?
How do I (F30) let my boyfriend (M33) know that its really not him, it’s 100% me?
I (30m) think I may be in an emotionally abusive relationship with my wife (30f). Since I have no friends I don't know who to ask for advice/help.
Boyfriend saw other people during the breakup and lied about it and continues lying. How can I move forward?
Boyfriend saw other people during breakup and lied along with lied about other things. How can I move forward?
How do I (F30) let him (M33) know that its really not him, it is truly me?
Help me! So scared of relationships!
My[M23] girlfriend[F23] is sexually scarred and I don't know how to help her plus contain my own sexual need
How can I rediscover myself after a serious breakup? 25 y/o female
I (26f) am in love with a 'friend' (24f) whilst dating someone else (25f)
M[30] was dating F[29] for two years. She broke up with me because she blamed me for her Abortion. I don't know how to move on.
Boyfriend saw other people during our breakup then lied about it and other things. How can I move forward?
How can I find myself again after a serious breakup?
Am I wasting my time with this one?
She doesnt have feelings for me and idk how to detach or meet someone new
I need help with my crush
I (18m) broke my girlfriend’s (18f) trust
I like like my friends sister what should I do.
Weird behavior - venting
Separated But Living Together
My mom threw away my favourite sweaters
Am I playing the victim?
Should I [22F] date my friend [27M] who is absolutely lovely and besotted with but I am not attracted to him at all.
Should I break up with him or talk to him about it first ?
Am I Wasting Efforts?
My [27M] girlfriend [28F] is obsessed with her ex [29M]
Need help. Friend is lost and depressed what to do next?
i don't feel safe with my gf
I [32f] need space from my spouse [33m]
I {14M} can't stop stalking my straight crush {15M}
I’ve lost patients with my GF when she gets slightly grumpy or her anxiety turns against me. Am I wrong?
My [29F] boyfriend [30M] always leaves to play video games with friends after he’s made plans to spend time with me?
Me (M 27) has life crippling anxiety about getting left by my GF (21 F)
Is it weird to like brushing/doing my [17m] sister's [16f] hair? My friends seem to think it is.
I (30F) am dating a guy (36M) with a 15 year history of open relationship and group sex. Can people change?
Is it weird that I want my partner to cheat on me
I (19f) am losing interest in my partner (24m)
I have some questions about how males can feel powerful while not repressing things and also treating their loved ones right.
Am I exaggerating because I [21M] want my girlfriend [19F] to stop texting a male friend who loved her ?
Hey, my partner & I are thinking about couples therapy, but I’d also like to read some books until we find a good therapist
I'm dating an emotionally immature man child.
My immediate family has moved on to a “new” family
BF keeps ignoring me and wont get help for his issues and it's tearing a hole in our relationship.
Fiance and I argue over house care all the time
He (25M) is ignoring me (21F) because I’ve been sharing my worries with him regarding something he made me do that could ruin my life
He (25M) is ignoring all my (21F) messages and calls because I’ve been sharing my worries with him regarding something he made me do
I [24F] don't know how to deal with my narcissistic father
How do I stop self-doubt and begin to live fully my new relationship?
Boyfriend (22m) Left around 6pm yesterday. It's now 7am and he still isn't home. He has never not come home.
I don't know what to call it besides red flag
Help me! So scared of relationships.
I (39f) am realizing that I pander to my partner (40m) to keep the peace.....toxic?
My mom keeps expressing how frustrated she is about my sister not purchasing a house for us and I'm so tired of hearing about it
Husband Cheating? Or am I being crazy?
My mom keeps expressing how frustrated she is about my sister not purchasing a house for us and I'm so tired of hearing about it
Someone (M25) I'm (F24) dating, replied to my text after 24 hours. Should I reply back now or would that make me look like I'm coming on too strong?
I (26F) told my boyfriend (26M) that I don’t like forehead kisses and he freaked out.
Someone (M25) I'm (F24) dating, replied to my text after 24 hours. Should I reply back now or would that make me look like I'm coming on too strong?
A sensative sexual question from a man to women
A sensative sexual question from a man to women
Separated But Living Together
I (26F) told my boyfriend (26M) that I don’t like forehead kisses and he freaked out.
My (32M) wife (33F) fell in love with someone else
Girlfriend (21f) broke up with me (22M) after parents confronted her about smoking weed.
I (27F) am really unsure of what is “fair” to do in response to my partner (27F)
help
Someone (M25) I'm (F24) dating, replied to my text after 24 hours. Should I reply back now or would that make me look like I'm coming on too strong?
My [24m] ex girlfriends [23f], [22f] were physically, sexually, and verbally abusive. Their words and actions haunt me, they have completely shattered my self esteem. I'm falling apart, please help.
Learn this !!!
Gf (31f) let it slip that she hasn’t practiced safe sex as often as she said she has. It’s only a white lie but I (35m) am still miffed.
Am I a horrible person?
My Boss seems like he has feelings for me, but Im not sure if I am misinterpreting signals.
Advice needed urgently on Mixed Signals from Guy (25Y/O)
My (18F) ex-boyfriend (18M) broke up with me but wants me back.
I really need advice please
Advice Appreciated on Mixed Signals from Guy
My Boss seems like he has feelings for me, but Im not sure if I am misinterpreting signals.
I (25F) recognise I might have issues processing anger and emotions after my boyfriend (27M) has been irritating me these last few days.
My (33m) Wife (34f) and I are becoming roomies.
Feel bad telling girl I wasn't interested in a relationship
My (33M) Wife (34F) and I are roommates with kids.
Evil stepmother
[f18/m19] been dating for 6 months. What are some things my boyfriend and I should try when kissing to keep things interesting? Not ready to get sexual yet, but up for some more intense stuff so long as the clothes stay on.
How can I stop responding to all criticism by "yes, but you..."
A girl at my school keeps taking videos and pictures of me without my permission to pretend like we’re friends
I (17F) am unsure if I am stuck in a cycle as a caregiver to my boyfriend (17M)
I [19M] can't get over my ex [25F] 4 months after I broke it up, don't know what to do.
I (20F) don’t know how to fix the friendship with someone (20M) I had feelings for
I (24F) am seriously concerned by my girlfriends clumsiness (24,F)
How can I stop responding to all criticism by "yes, but you..."
Besotted by her but she can't be in a relationship
General consensus is that women are more emotional thus better at love than men. I believe that men are just as emotional as women if not more. The ability to display emotions in public is no grantee of having more emotions or the a capacity to understand and experience all human emotions.
I (F, 27) got dumped because I’m too short. Is height a deal breaker?
I (f,27) got dumped because I’m too short
I (F,27) got dumped because I’m too short.
Is this common?
I feel bad for telling girl I wasn't interested
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) is suicidal
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) is suicidal
How do I (34f) tell our kids that their dad (30m) might not make it/be the same?
Who is better at love, men or women?
I don’t know what should I do
How do I (34f) tell our kids that their dad (30m) might not make it/be the same?
i don’t know what should i do
I(23m) don't know how to ask my work crush(23f) out.
I (22F) started dating my best friend (25M) and I am now regretting my decision
I(23m) don't know how to ask my work crush(23f) out.
Have you ever?
I think I need to break up with my boyfriend (who has a son) but I love him.
I [22M] have been dating the girl [23F] for a month and just broke up. Not sure what am I supposed to feel
I [22M] broke up with a girl [23F] I was dating for a month, and I don't know how I am supposed to be feeling right now
I (17F) am scared of losing my girlfriend (17F) over things that have happened in my past relationship
My (F16) parents (F39M53) don’t allow me to go home, so im basically homeless without a job, idk what to do and I really need advice
My wife started sex work
How do you know the difference between “falling in love” and “infatuation”?
My wife has started sex work
I think my ex best friend wants to reconnect?
I (18F), Asian, have a Dutch boyfriend (20M), and that's causing conflict with my family.
Boyf watches porn with me next to him thinking I don’t know
I think my ex best friend is trying to reconnect and I don't know what to do?
Wife got first job in a new country after a year of unemployment
I (18F), Asian, have a Dutch boyfriend (20F) and that's causing conflict to my family.
I’m scared of losing my girlfriend over the stupidest thing
Confrontation
27(f) hating this with 34(m)
[14f] - Reasons for a guy staring at you in class? How do I interpret this?
My ex (F20) and I (M23) found closure. Should we continue as friends?
Fuck this
Why is my guy friend (50,m) making a lot of sexual jokes with me (28,f) recently?
[14f] - What are reasons for a guy staring at you if he thinks you're unattractive?
Why is my guy friend (50, male) making a lot of sexual jokes with me (28,female) recently? I’ve known him for 12 years.
Why is my guy friend making sexual jokes often lately?
My ex (F20) and I (M23) found closure. Should we continue as friends?
Friends [m/f19-22] kicked me [m19] out of a party tonight. Was I in the wrong?
Am I wrong that I want to break it off for no good reason ?
Me female (28) and guy (29), we are newly dating and don’t know each other well. And are having minor conflicts...
I’m in an interesting situation with my crush
I [16M] likes this girl [16F] who is giving mixed signals
Desperately need help convincing him
Can a relationship between a 16 yr old female and a 29 yr old male workout considering it is legal?
What are some telltale signs that a guy has a crush on you in high school?
My girlfriend (F 26) and me (M 30) (one year) recently got into a fight. It got pretty ugly.
artist ( m,21 ) i ( f,19 ) follow online lurks my instagram
Me [16M] like this girl [16F]
I like this girl
My girlfriend (F 26) and me (M 30) recently got into a fight. It got pretty ugly.
i (16f) messed things up with a boy (19) and i regret it so much
Is it wrong to be in love with more than one person?
Adolescent love
Boyfriend (18M) is controlling over me (18F)
My Boyfriend (18M) has gotten controlling over me (18F)
I (22f) dating for fun, not marriage. Should I dump someone (23m) after a year so I dont start inevitably hating them?
My boyfriend (18 M) has gotten controlling over me (18 F)
Worried About My Brother
Desperately need help convincing him
i (16f) messed things up with a boy (19) and i regret it so much
I (30M) am worried that my partner of 6 years (29F) shouldn't be with me, and that I'm ruining her life
Controlling boyfriend?
My (20sF) boyfriend (20sM) and I crave different amounts of intimacy and we argue a lot because of it
Tired of my (17f) mom's (47f) constant needling about my brother (18m) and I's poor relationship
All the Ladies of Reddit
artist ( m,~21 ) i ( f,19 ) follow online lurks my instagram
My boyfriend (20sM) and I (20sF) crave different amounts of intimacy and I am starting to feel smothered because of it.
Feeling Insecure: Life without compliments
Confrontational
I (16f) messed things up with a boy (19m) and want him back
How do I (25F) know if it time to leave my (29M) boyfriend ?
I {27m) have ASD and i think it's ruining my relationship with my (22f) girlfriend of 3 months.
I am the toxic one in the relationship
Could my boyfriend(M18) be cheating on me(F18)?
I (28M) am recently single, and I’ve have been on a couple dates with this girl (25F), but I’m having trouble reading her.
My (22f) boyfriend (25m) won’t have sex with me with a condom
Insecure girlfriend vs actresses
Ex Gf messaged me after a year
I destroyed my life and I am worried that I will never beable to recover and find a girl that was as good for me as my ex.
My (33) M boyfriend dumped me (26) F Tuesday night. What’s the best way to put myself out there?
I just wanna say
I [M22] love my girlfriend [24] but my sexual life and experience is next to none existant
Me [27F] can't get over my ex [27M] that I broke up with 3 years ago.
I have a certain phrase that bothers me that my bf says alot
I [19m] am getting involved with a girl a bit older than me [24f] it's a weird situation...
Ex Gf contacts me after a year
I don’t trust him.
I (13M) got into a physical fight with my brother (15M) over our PS4
My roommates don't respect me
Feeling Insecure: life without compliments
How do I [30's F] move on from a previous abusive relationship?
My (22F) guy friend (24M) always point out how he doesnt want to date me
Which is the most real and lasting breakup method?
I (37F) am not coping well with the sudden death of my former best friend, I broke off our friendship after she started dating my ex husband.
Advice needed
Is my (f26) boyfriend (m30) too cheap or am I crazy.
Which is the most real and lasting breakup method?
Ex girlfriend text me
I’m (24M) in a long distance relationship with my gf (24F) and I’m having some serious doubts
I'm (37F) not coping well with the sudden death of my ex best friend (38F), due to our complicated history and me breaking off our toxic friendship.
Me (13M) and my brother (15M) got into a physical fight over our PS4 and I am lost on what to do
(32M) 4 year relationship // Healing break // How do I measure my actual healing process
How do you learn to not push people away?
34f I had sex with landlord for free rent.
Is my (f26) boyfriend (m31) too stingy or am I crazy?
Partners sexual history
Are people worth hurting for? If so, who? Will this ever end?
Dating a 35yr old man, virgin and I’m in uncharted territory here.
From Virgin to Traumatized Warrior.
I'm ripping into myself yet I really want to be with her
From Virgin to Traumatized Warrior.
My wife (37F) and I (26M) have had some problems, and I'm not sure if I should stay or leave. Is this just a phase, or is our relationship doomed?
I'm ripping into myself yet I really want to be with her
23 and never been in a relationship.
32M // Mutual Healing Separation // How do you measure your healing progress // Do i miss her for the right reasons or am I just lonely.
Are people worth hurting for? When does it end.
Today my (29f) husband (37m) just told me he'd have left me for being fat if we had a prenup.
Am I (F25) not worthy of a loving relationship, and only sex ? (M27)
Need some help with what to do. 23 year old kissless, dateless virgin and I always fuck it up.
Am I (F25) not worthy of a loving relationship, and only sex ? (M27)
I (26f) don't know how to tell my friend (23f) I don't want her to be in my wedding
Am I not worthy of the love only sex?
Not sure if I should just cut things off at this this point
Need some help with what to do. 23 year old kissless, dateless virgin and I always fuck it up.
My (22) boyfriend's (23) behavior is making my insecurities worse.
Have your ever felt like your friends partner was attracted to you but due to respect of your friend you both ignore the feelings
Today my husband told me he'd leave me if we had a prenup.
Sister (30f) stood me (32f) up
Am i over reacting
Trauma is ruining my marriage, help?
Did I cheat?
My (23M) Girlfriend (21F) just asked for a 2 weeks breaks in the relationship following an argument
Dogs leading to unwanted breakup...
Did I cheat
Does he (33m) still have feelings for me (26f)?
😔
My(23M) GF(21F) just called for a two weeks break after a fight
I (20F) am interested in one of two guys (20M) who are friends, the other of which I have been hanging out with. How can I reconnect with the one I like without seeming suspicious?
Dogs leading to a breakup...
My boyfriend (29M) can’t stop doing heroin, and I am almost 8 months pregnant (24F) wtf do I do? :(
Should I (22F) cut contact with a former high school teacher (40sM)?
My(25f) partner(26f) wanted to argue semantics during a panic attack
How do I get over this ?
Advice to get through this
How long did it take you to feel a spark?
My (17F) best friend’s brother (18M) is the one for me?
I (24m) think my wife (24f) is losing interest in me.
Guys, is he no longer interested in chatting?
My husband is such a sweetheart. I hope one day to be more like him.
Did I cheat?
#WhatsYourDeal
Did I cheat?
My friend (40m) with his gf (18f) - what should I say/do?!
Lack of relationships
Tonight I (29M) finally had enough and officially ended my dying marriage.
Am I (F23) exaggerating about my bf's (M25) friend?
My mom cried and begged me not to leave when i told her that I am moving to another country for an opportunity.
Fiancé sent my nudes to his friend..
My (29m) Wife (37f) slipped of the wagon on her depression management and was admitted again
Long distance?
Any good relationship stories?
Need help on how to ward off temptations to see sex workers
(21m) I’m pretty sure my long distance girlfriend (20f) is seeing other people.
Honesty!!
I have a classic case of the teenage (14y/o) crush (please help if you can)
My [31F] friend [26M] isn't ready for a relationship
Need help on how to stop temptations to see sex workers
My mom cried when I told her I am moving to another country for an opportunity.
My [31F] friend [26M] isn't ready for a relationship
My [16F] Mom [30sF] threatened report me as kidnapped because my stepdad [30sM] and I went out of the house today
(21m) I’m pretty sure my long distance girlfriend (20f) is seeing other people
(M,18) I'm in love with my best friend and she doesn't feel the same way. ADVICE/HELP PLEASE
Idk if I (25f) should distance from long-time friends (25-27m/f) who keep wanting to hear about my relationship woes.
I’m about to ask my crush out let’s see how it goes
I think my brother (35M) is in an abusive marriage and he doesn't even know. I want to bring him back home.
Crushing on my friend hard but can't do anything about it
[M17] How do I stop being so overbearing when expressing my feelings?
[M17] How do I tell someone I'm interested without being overbearing?
Boyfriend wont change his Diet.
I(16F) dont know if i should stay with my boyfriend(17M).
[M17] How do I tell someone I'm interested without being overbearing?
I think I’m losing interest in my husband
How to deal with boyfriend (29m)changing mind about marriage
How do you tell someone you're interested in them without being overbearing?
I (27f) am a friend's (27m) +1 to a wedding but I have a bf.
Ending a relationship with a depress s/o
A Guy I dated left me for another woman and then 3 months later that woman left HIM for another woman.
My ex-gf got into an abusive relationship after I broke up with her and I feel guilty
Why is he avoiding me, but asked me to be friends?
Separating but living together
Starting to think my brother (35M) is in an abusive marriage and he doesn't even know. I need to bring him back home.
He cheated on me with another female and then the other female that he cheated with left him for another female.
Separating but living together
I (23F) Broke up with my boyfriend (26M) but i can’t get over the pain
How do you accept your partner's flaws?
I (23F) Broke up with my boyfriend (26M) but i can’t get over the pain
Me (M 27) having constant fear about getting dumped by my GF(F21) again like my ex (F25) did.
Toxic relationship.
Messed up with friend [24F] but now am wondering if I[21F] also have a right to be upset? Unsure how to handle it
My (18M) girlfriend (17F) isn’t affectionate and that really bothers me
snooping mess
Is he lying so I don't feel bad about myself?
I (30f) am friend with a guy (45m) whom is keeping me a secret from his girlfriend.
My (18M) girlfriend (17F) isn’t affectionate and it really bothers me
I’m being strung along. Should I [F26] let him [M42] know why I don’t want to keep on seeing him or just stop talking altogether?
How do I (M27) get rid of my fear losing my new GF (W21) after I've been cheated on from my ex (W25)?
My (22M) boyfriend thinks I (21F) should address his mom about a problem.
I (30f) am friend with a guy (45m) who lm is keeping me a secret.
Talk to my girlfriend about abortion
My friend cheated on her abusive husband with me. Is it possible she may cheat on me too?
Long distance relationship coming to an end as the distance closes [m23] [f21]
Question for couples who celebrate anniversaries
how to get closer to a guy and have deep conversations? cause rn we're only talking about school and basic stuff
What would you think if your SO's parent would advise them or generally tell them that they can date more to see what's out there or what suits them, instead of working things out with you?
Talk to my girlfriend about abortion
Bringing up ex-partners in a new relationship.
how to get closer to a guy and have deep conversations? cause rn we're only talking about school and basic stuff
Is he lying so I don't feel bad about myself?
Anybody ever have stories where the timing was finally right for you and your SO to get together?
What would you think if your SO's parent would advise them or generally tell them they can date more to see what's out there and who suits them, instead of working things out with you?
How do I get my friend to make a decision or do I make it for her?
How do I get my friend to make a decision or should I make it for her?
What's better, leaving him alone, or checking up?
Love giving my girlfriend oral sex, but how should I ask her I’d like the same sometimes as well.
My friend cheated on her husband with me. Is it possible she will cheat on me?
I [23F] might be afraid of romantic relationships
When I tell my partner they hurt me they just get angry or cry. Then I have to apologize when all I needed was an apology myself.
Love giving my girlfriend oral sex, but how should I ask her I’d like the same sometimes as well.
Ex Boyfriends actions are contradicting. Can someone explain?
Your SO's parent tell them they could date more. What would you think if your SO's parent would advise them or tell them as a general thing that they can date more to see what's out there and what fits instead of working things out with you?
Talking about ex partners
Talking about ex partners
It seems like my friends like me for the amusement i give to them
What would you think if your SO's mother would advise them, or tell them as a general thing, that they can date other people to see what's out there and how it fits them?
breakup after 3 years living together
I'm the amusement of my friends group
I like my (24f) boyfriend (24m) until he is drunk
I drank for the first time in front of my addict boyfriend (24M)
If [24F] didn't show any big signs of being interested at coffee date then is it safe to say she just isn't interested in me [22M]
Do I want her back? Please help
My relationship is dying. Need advice.
30(NB) my mother (65F) trying to reconnect after starting family drama
snooping mess
How to navigate breakup between me (28/f) and ex (48/m)
Do I want her back? Please help
I [23M] met a old crush of mine [23F] at a friends party after several years
How do I (30f) tell my mom (63f) her breath smells like rotting flesh ?
my [24f] boyfriend's [24m] instagram followers are causing problems in our relationship
How to share living costs?
I (18M) can’t get back into a relationship.
I [23M] met a old crush of mine [23F] at a friends party after several yearsg
He was not interested in speaking to me- what fo you think?
I feel guilty for being able to drink when my addict boyfriend can’t [24M]
My (44) wife (44m) is too hard on our daughter (17f) and won't ease up.
30(NB) dealing with my Mother (65F) trying to reconnect after she caused a major fight with my SIL (34F)
I (28F) am jealous of my husband's (29M) new friend (25F)
Need Advise
Hung up on a recent Ex and don't know what to do after being friend-zoned
I’m moving to my boyfriend’s flat: how to share living costs?
I [23M] met a old crush of mine [23F] at a friends party after several years
[22F] after mutual breakup with bf of 1 yr [23M]
My(21F) relationship with my bf(24M) is getting boring. Break up or stay together?
I (18M) can’t get back into a relationship.
How do you love yourself?
I can't stop thinking about my ex
I [30M] am looking for books/podcasts about opening up emotionally in my relationship with my wife [29F]
My SO [25M] and I [24F] - massive misunderstanding/fight involving our big project - he isn’t standing up for us or me.
My mother left when I (25M) was diagnosed with cancer as a child. Should I meet her to find out why she left?
Should I(21F) breakup with bf(24M) if I’m bored in our relationship
Am I A Bad Person?
Longterm Relationships
Hoeing it out to make up for my FWB's reluctance
I (24F) confessed my love to my sex work client (30M) and it didn't go as I hoped :(
I don't know if she likes me or not
I [30M] am looking for books/podcasts about opening up emotionally in my relationship with my wife [29F]
Relationship help needed urgently: how do you eat your biscuits?
Not good enough for a relationship
UPDATE: Is Anna Bananas, or am I?
UPDATE: Is Anna Bananas, or am I?
How to move on when I (F22) share a life with my ex(M27)
How do you accept your partner's flaws?
Are these signs of cheating?
I’m M19 Feeling overwhelmed with guilt after possibly cheating with GF F19
Help with trust
I [23F] asked my gf for a day to reflect on something and now I feel like I'm harrased by her. [22F]
Ex (m24) from over a year ago drunk texted me (f22) last night. What’s the logic?
M 26 F 28, seeing each other for about a month, things seem to be going well and he says he wants to take it slow?
Welp that's that
I (22f) finally blocked my ex (27m) after years (I think around 6 or 7). It feels very odd.
I (F20) am suspicious he (M20) isn’t straight?
Ex bf of two years relationship [M/29] broke up with me, started seeing new people, accused me [F/28] of cheating when I did the same. (TL;DR)
Does my guy best friend have feeling for me?
Welp that's that.
Tattoos for cheaters?
Does my guy best friend like me?
I'm (21F) interested in a month long outward bound program, nervous about impact on my relationship with my boyfriend (22M)
I [27M] don't find my girlfriend [28F] to be sexy
I don’t know what to do
I'm (21F) wanting to do outward bound but scared about my boyfriend (22M) and I being able to handle a month of no contact?
Family is too close to my SO
Girlfriend wants to dump me
I (22F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) and I'm heartbroken
My best friend (f25) and I (f27) were super close until she moved in with her boyfriend (m34) and now we barely hang out or even talk
Does this considered as cheating?
I (22F) really want to visit my long distance bf (22M)
My partner cheated on me but our situation is complicated (drugs, mental health, living situation) and I need advice.
He denies he knows the stripper, I got screenshots
He Doesn’t REALLY Want the Perfect WomanHe Wants These 3 Things from You Instead…
I (22F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) and I'm heart broken
My (21M) best friends (22M, 22F) have started dating and I don't know how to be happy for them
Is it wrong of me to break up bc i can't handle his depression anymore?
WEIRD BUT SERIOUS: Is it unreasonable to ask male guests to sit down when they pee?
Two best friends are dating and idk how to be happy for thrm
I [22M] like someone at work [20F] and I’ve never actually been in this situation before, a little help?
I “cheated” on my boyfriend and can’t earn his trust back.
Signs he’s a jerk...what are they?
Saving a relationship
I (22/f) keep backing out of breaking up with my (26/m) boyfriend
How do I (27m) go in for a kiss when she (23f) is a way shorter than me?
Being petty in a relationship.
Help me! Is my husband addicted to Strip Clubs?
Boyfriend (M18) just left after sex, made me (F18) feel used. How do I talk to him about this?
I (21 m) don’t know what to do about my mom
Complicated relationship and Valentines day
I (23/f) keep backing out of breaking up with my (27/m) boyfriend
I (21 M) don’t know what to do about my mom
Complicated relationship and valentines day(22 m/f)
I (27f) am grieving and keep losing more people
Scared of being abandoned because she has no experience in the field of sex with more persons.
What do i do if i want significance amongst my matternal relatives?
I (27f) am grieving and keep losing more people
He doesn't know I know he's cheated yet
What do i do if i want significance amongst my matternal relatives ?
My boyfriend doesn't know I know hes cheated
Repairing a relationship
We have a holiday booked and now I don't know what to do [f23] [m20]
Was I (29 F) wrong to tell my male friend (27 M) about my abuse history?
Recent breakup from my (21f) boyfriend (21m) of 1.5 years left me reeling, advice?
My (17M) dad (40sM) has a fish tank addiction and it’s tearing our family apart
Can u be with someone who doesn’t trust you? Serious question??
Don’t know what to do after being dumped
Breakup left me reeling... anyone who's been here have advice?
Don’t know what to do after being dumped
Mom (39, F) wants to take my (20, F) curfew because of difficulties getting home. How to communicate this?
My boyfriend (23M) hates being affectionate unless he thinks I’m (22F) going to breakup with him.
Difficult situation-Should I (33/f) walk away from him (38/m)?
My[18M] GF[18] made fun of my penis size and I'm really hurt
How can I (25f) tell if this guy likes me (25m) ? He messages me first but doesnt respond 8months
how a mistake ruined my daily life
Difficult situation-Should I (33/f) walk away from him (38/m)?
I feel OLD.
When I tell my partner they hurt me, the reaction is always the same, they just get angry or cry. Then I have to apologize when all I needed was an apology.
I feel old.
Living together after breakup
Mother (39,F) wants to take away my (20, F) curfew times. How to communicate this?
In all honesty, I don’t mind that my bf doesn’t want a wedding; although, is it weird if a partner doesn’t want one?
My boyfriend refuses to be around me when I’m sick
Me(18) and Gf(18,) broke up after 2 and a half years we were kind of long distance
living together after breakup
My ex from a long term relationship (M27) just got engaged and I’m (F26) surprisingly having feelings about it
I'm [30F] stuck in a cycle of caregiver burnout with my husband [25M]
(f/15) my boyfriend (m/16) won't brush his teeth
my boyfriend won't brush his teeth
Feeling more like my (23F) boyfriends (23M) mom than girlfriend. Am I crazy??
I (25F) cannot deal with my family and want to move out of my mother’s (65F) house but my mother and sister (22F) keep mocking me that I don’t know how to live alone.
Doing professional work with friends?
Living together after breakup
Did I (30F) go on date or business meeting with my elementary school classmate (30M)?
a mistake ruined my daily life
My(22) GF(21) wants a Break and i dont know tho to handle it.
I(31F) think my new bf(30M) was abused in his past relationship.
I want to ask this girl to lunch without seeming too forward. We've only talked once.
I am so confusd
I want to ask this girl to lunch without seeming too forward. We have only talked once.
boyfriend (18m) getting more and more into drugs
Girlfriend is terrible at managing time, can’t legitimately fathom a hair dyeing takes a full 8 hours.
I’m planning me(23f) and my bf’s(23m) 3rd anniversary date
Why does my boyfriend (23M) hate it when I (22F) touch him?
Did I [31F] sexually harass my bf [23M] please say no
A girl i liked in colage is braking me to only use me for her career
My GF wants a break
Living together after breakup
How do I[21M] make gf[20F] feel better when she is disturbed because of her serious family problems?
People who have walked away from an engagement that was mostly good, how did you know it's what you needed to do?
Collage girl i loved and we study together is braking me
1 week of being broke up
I [25F] need advice on how to get over a crush I have on a coworker [24F]
I (f30) am dating two separate men (34m & 36m) and they are both ready to be exclusive, but I can’t pick between the two. How can I decide between the two when I love them both?
First time here need som help click the link
Tl;dr my best friend (f25) and I (f27) were super close and ever since she moved in with her boyfriend (m30) we barely talk
my(18) boyfriend(19) is a to defensive and it’s causing me to worry because of his past actions
M 26 F 28, seeing each other for about a month, things seem to be going well and he says he wants to take it slow?
my boyfriend is being defensive and it’s making me worried because of what he has done in the past
Warning signs of a selfish/abusive relationship
Valentine’s Day Surprise Problem
Warning signs a partner is too selfish/abusive for a relationship
M 26 F 28, seeing each other for about a month, things seem to be going well and he says he wants to take it slow?
TLDR; best friend moved in with boyfriend and barely talks or hangs out with me anymore
Is it controlling to ask my boyfriend to not hangout with a girl who flirts with him?
1 week into break up
[20F] Jealous of [20M] boyfriend of 4 months because hes getting more from life than she is, is this a redflag or not?
Men, what does it mean when you want to "take it slow?"
How did you get pregnant?
Love is not enough. Need support
How can I help my friend through his current breakup?
[20F] Jealous of [20M] boyfriend of ( 4 months ) because of getting more than she does, is it overreacting if i think this is a disgusting redflag?
Long Distance Relationship for 8 months.
My boyfriend [19M] is Bi and I’m [26F] not sure how to feel/act
Never met my dad, just found out he died
I no longer want to be with my boyfriend - how do I explain that to him when even I don’t understand?
Help me out!!!
[20F] jealous of boyfriend[20M] for anything good that happens, am i overreacting?
My boyfriend [19M] is Bi and I’m [26F] not sure how to feel.
I (17M) don’t know what to do with my relationship.
Valentine’s Day surprise gone wrong
[22F] dealing with girlfriend [23F] suddenly losing libido and growing very distant
It’s getting to be that point...
I [21F] am dating a guy [24M] with a serious illness and I’m concerned about the future...
You have a superpower of reading every thought of your significant other! M52 Married 30 years
How do I (28F) tell my long term BF (29M) that I have feelings for someone else (28M)
You have the superpower of reading every thought of your significant other!
Why Now?
You can read every thought of your significant other! M52 Married 30 years
Your love is not enough... need support
Valentine’s Day surprise gone wrong
Bf (21M) and I (21F) can’t have sex and I don’t know how to cope
Why is it always the guys who "don't give a fuck" and the girls who"cheat"
my [26F] husband [26M] of four years deletes his browser history anytime I want to use his computer.
I'm [23f] wanting to meet my online friend [21m] but haven't told my family about him.
A weak man
Respectfully Trying
I'm thinking about terminating any relationship with my younger brother... and it makes me deeply uncomfortable.
I [22M] have the basics figured out, but I'm not good at anything in particular, and fear I will come across as undesirable for a partner [F]
I don't know what to do.
Valentines Day surprise gone wrong
decided to open up to my controlling mother, didnt end well
I'm [23f] wanting to meet my online friend [21M] but haven't told my family about him.
What should I do
I (17M) don’t know what to do with my relationship.
decided to open up to a controlling mother, didnt end well..
I (26m) think i'm being lied to by my (24f) long-distance Girlfriend
Is it wrong for me wanting to move out? (19M) - smothering parents
Do exes ever come back if it’s your fault
Help Me Find a Valentines Day Gift
My boyfriend (15m) wants a vial of my (f15) blood
I (21m) was told by my ex (20f) that she loved me, and because of that she wanted to break up with me
Boyfriend (15) wants vial of my blood (15f)
(18F)(22M) How/When To Make It Official?
I (16M get upset that my gf (17f) works a lot and we can’t talk a lot during the day
My (m21) girlfriend (f21) told me to drop the conversation after I asked if we're okay.
(18F)(22M) How/When To Make It Official?
I [16M] get upset because my gf [17f] works a lot and we don’t get to talk much
Am I an asshole? Wife is pissed b/c I lost my wedding ring on work trip
My boyfriend is traveling alone with another woman. Is it worth saving this relationship?
Help me please
Boyfriend (36/m) Makes Plans with me (30/f) and Doesn’t follow through
My BF is traveling alone with another woman. Is it worth saving this relationship?
I (26m) think i'm being lied to by my long-distance girlfriend (24f)
Is it a wrong choice for me to move out?(19M) very smothering parents who don’t want me to pay for anything. Everything is a “gift”
My (27M) girlfriend (26F) believes a lie from my ex and thinks I'm abusive
People close to me start to irritate me randomly and I dont know why
What does this mean?
I (25m) have been talking to this girl (25f) for 2 weeks straight. We text a lot and we work together. We have a date for next Saturday, but she spontaneously invited me to coffee yesterday for about 2 hours. Thought it went really well, I let her know but she isn’t texting me at all today.
Have I[20F] scared him [M23] by being too clingy/desperate
Does this count as cheating?
Conflicted
Does this count as cheating?
Does your spouse respect your stance on privacy?
Boyfriend makes plans that never follow through
I [20F] worry that I am scaring him [23M] away.
girlfriend seems to think seeing her best friend for the last time before she leaves for 5 months was more important then a emergency surgery I had yesterday. Do i have a right to be upset? (20M) (21F)
I [35 M] had a severe falling out with brother [28 M] due to a sudden personality change where he is insulting and using personal attacks and can't be in the same room with this person anymore, how do you handle family gatherings where you will encounter this person?
I (47 M) believe that my wife (36 F) is cheating on me, how should I deal with this woman?
I (25m) have been talking to this girl (25f) for 2 weeks straight. We text a lot and we work together. We have a date for next Saturday, but she spontaneously invited me to coffee yesterday for about an hour. Thought it went well but now she isn’t texting me?
Me [25 M] with my girlfriend [24 F] 6 months, are talking again...
(19M) Keep getting friend-zoned by the ones i like.
Recently starting to get over emotional when thinking about my girlfriend even thought everything is alright
If you had a severe falling out with a sibling due to a sudden personality change where they are insulting and use personal attacks and can't be in the same room with this person anymore, how do you handle family gatherings where you will encounter this person?
Abuse is a strong word...
Crush
Hello everyone ! My name is Ana Maria I will be direct with you I've started a YouTube channel (I post music ) So if someone wanna Subscribe to my channel ♥Enjoy the music and I will be really thankful if you like to Subscribe. Thanks ! https://youtu.be/IBpzMKlygd4
Recently started gettimg over emotional when thinking about girlfriend
(18F) (22M) How/When to make it official?
How do you know when it’s time to end it?
How to be a better girlfriend? This is my first long term relationship.
Respect Issues
What does this emoticon mean?
My boyfriend (28M) doesn’t seem to want to spend much time with me (25F)
My former FWB (28/m) has been ghosting me (34/f) for the past 6 months. His sister just died. I really want to give my condolences but should I not reach out and keep my distance?
Abuse is a strong word
How common are couples where the man is shorter?
I (18m) don’t know what to do about my bad relationship with my mom (44f)
19M Alone and sad
Worried he might still like his ex
I(16M) love my best friend (16F),she doesn't idk what to do.
Relationship
Help...
I (19F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) and now I am regretting my decision.
(19F) need advice on how to handle/deal with my (21M) boyfriend’s mother’s behaviors because it’s affecting the relationship
I (26f) don't know if I should tell my SO's mistress's husband that she's been having an affair on him for three years. (30s F/M)
I (26f) don't know if I should tell my SO's mistress's husband that she's been having an affair on him for three years. (30s F/M)
boyfriend (18m) getting more and more into drugs
I [24M] came to visit friend [30+M], but am now ready to cut trip short cause He says I’m “complicated” and “bitchy” at every turn of the day. How can I tell him, that’s it’s upsetting and causing me to want to leave early?
Valentines Ideas
What do you do when you’re angry at your SO for a shitty/unfair reason?
Will it be wrong to ask BF why he doesn’t have to sex ?
Really, REALLY missing her
Will it be wrong to ask BF why he doesn’t want to have sex ?
What to do after a break up?
I love her but..
I (25F) was not invited at my friend's(26F) birthday party. How do you handle this kind of situation? Especially, if it's a small circle
Am I in the wrong for wanting to leave my husband?
I (M/24) feel like my friends (M, 21, M, 22, F, 22, F, 21) are taking me for granted.
I(25f) feel very uncomfortable talking about my feelings to my bf(25m)
Good phone word app/game to play long distance with my mom?
Husband Accused of abuse
I reported him and now he’s playing the victim
My [22] BF [30] always wears a ring from one of his past relationships. He refused to take it off.
I(24/M) wanted to bring up the "what are we" convo with girl(24/M)
Is she trying to tell me something, or am I overanalyzing?
An ex boyfriend (31) apologized for sexually assaulting me (30) when we were teenagers after recently getting blasted on social media by another woman
Is his [22m] phone behavior weird or am i being controlling? [22f]
My [24F] boyfriend [22M] just broke up with me because I am too emotionally unstable and dependent. How do I fix myself for future relationships?
My gf (24) gave someone head but was pressured into it. Is it cheating?
I [26F] think I'm emotionally cheating on my boyfriend [30M] with my friend [28M] and I don't know what to do. I used to meme about cheaters and now I'm the clown.
My [22] BF [30] always wears a ring from one of his past relationships. He refused to take it off.
How I stopped feeling guilty for putting myself first
She insists she didn’t cheat
BBC-porn: mixed couples and Racism
I [26F] just cheated on my boyfriend [30M] but I can't find the courage to do the right thing by breaking up with him.
Ex Hook UP / FWB
breakup help
I feel like abuse is a strong word
I need advice
My (21f) close friend (20f) is way more attractive than me and it’s ruining our friendship
My [22F] Boyfriend [21M] of 6 Months Thinks He’s Gay & Wants to Break Up
why do people not show up when they make plans
I get messages from teenage boys who say they have to lie to their parents about an interest in the men's rights movement.
Is this acceptable/normal behavior from my (25F) fiancé (26M)?
I (21F) found a ring in my (25M) boyfriends drawer.. Should I say something? Or pretend I never found it?
I (23F) don’t know how to improve the situation with my boyfriend (21M)
BBC-porn creates racism and is destroying black men
I (28/f) help navigating this break with (m/48)
Online dating makes me insecure
My boyfriend (m/29) and I (f/27) have different ways of showing affection, help (food love language)?
I found a ring in my boyfriends nightstand..
I want my best friend to stop hanging out with my toxic ex boyfriend
My (29m) mother (55f) is trying to solve everyone’s “problems”
My boyfriend is moving to another country to pursue his dream. I don't want to go and he is unwilling to try long distance. I'm scared and don't know what to do.
I want my best friend to cut off my toxic ex, but she still sees him regularly.
What are red flags in a relationship?
Online dating
Long Term Relationship?
My (29m) mother (55f) is trying to fix everyone’s problems?
I (47 M) believe that my wife (36 F) us cheating on me. How should I confront her?
Emotional Blackmail
I (38f) have a limerence problem/pattern, especially when the flags are red
He (m22) tells me (f22) he likes me but isnt ready to be in a relationship with me
He (m22) tells me he likes me (f22) but isnt ready to be in a relationship with me
Can’t get my (22F) partners (21M) ex (21F) off my mind. Need advice
why do people make plans then don’t show up?
Can’t get my (22F) partners (22M) ex (21F) off my mind. Need advice to cope with insecurity
I [F23] am mad at my significant other [M23] about something small and I'm not sure if I should tell him about it or keep it to myself.
How do you handle not getting invited by a friend? Especially, if it's a small circle
Re-learning Love + Relationships
I saw my girlfriend and her ex interacting on a facebook post and now she suddenly wanted to switch messaging apps and won't tell me why.
Can’t get my (22F) partners (21M) ex (20F) off my mind. Need advice
Slowly coming to the realization that my (35F) husband's (33M) "ADHD" might be an excuse and he doesn't care about our relationship. Married 8 years.
Dumped out of nowhere. Couple of days ago she (26F) tells me she loves me. Yesterday she even set up everything we had planned for tonight and just when I (27M) arrive at her place she tells me she has something to say to me...
Dear redditors I[M 16] am currently talking to a girl [F 15] and need advice on boundaries
Long Term Relationship?
The Ring Conversation Isn't Going At All How I Expected...
I (22F) need help with how selfish I am in my relationship.
My (21 F) boyfriend (25 M) defends his best friend (23 M) no matter what, and I think I’m starting to see him differently.
Roomate (M30) breakup 6 months
Broke up with my [19F] BF [19M] and i feel uneasy
I [F23] am angry at my boyfriend [M23] over something small. I feel like it's so stupid, but I'm still upset about it. I don't know if I should keep it to myself or tell him.
What do you do when your boyfriend giggles while making out?
I (M22) guess I fell in love with an older friend (F29) and there is no logical future to it.
Roomate (male 30) going through breakup
Roomate is going through breakup
I [21M] am having a great relationship with my girlfriend, but I really miss my X.
My (28F) roommate (23M) won’t clean the bathroom
I (M22) guess I fell in love with an older friend (F29) and there is no realistic future to it.
My boyfriend(M/29) is high strung, not sure if I (f/27) can handle it long-term, but we're maybe moving in together? (long)
I (25F) don’t know if my relationship will work out with (27M) after Dad’s death
My boyfriend (M25) and I (F24) been together for about 2 years and he been sneaking messages to a girl he used to date
I (25F) don’t know if my relationship will work out with (27M) bf after Dad’s death
My boyfriend is addicted to Dungeons and Dragons and it's ruining our relationship
My [17M] mom gave me ‘the talk’ after her friend said she would take me on a short vacation for my 18th birthday.
How do you feel about a “celebrity hall pass”?
What is something your s/o does that gives you the "love high"
I (26F) Am Trying To Understand My (57F) Mother And Not Be Frustrated With Her
I (47 M) believe that my wife (36 F) us cheating on me. How should I confront her?
Girlfriend (F25) is probably leaving me (M24), what do I do?
My Dad’s alleged affair has led to my Mum having panic attacks
Broken up with, Had sex, Got back together, Huge mess
A love hate relationship
Broken up with, had sex, got back together, Not sure if this can work
Have You Cheated?
help ASAP girlfriends birthday
I (21 F) get extremely bratty towards any long term partner I’m with if I don’t get sex when and how I want it.
My dad (m60) is upset that I (f21) do not consider his mother (f80’s) my grandmother. It is ruining our relationship in that I can’t stand him anymore
Supporting stoic family members during times of loss?
Can you be friends with someone you dont respect (Both 27F me and 27 M him)
What to do for friend’s engagement? [30’s F]
Am I (40m) too naive to give wife(37f) one more chance?
Upcoming trip to New York is causing arguments between me and my boyfriend
My Dad’s alleged affair has led to my Mum having panic attacks
My bf I think is sneakly texting a girl he use to like.
Is dating an 18(M) a bad idea?
What is the best way to break up with my (25F) boyfriend (27M?)
I (24F) cheated? Should I tell him?(23M)
How do you forgive your partner for drunkenness?
I (24F) cheated? Should I tell him? (23M)
When is the least awkward time for me (25F) to break up with my boyfriend (27M)?
Is it normal to ask "what if" while in a long-term relationship?
Upcoming trip to New York is causing arguments between me and my boyfriend
(40M) not sure what to do. I met someone (30F) a couple days ago and we’re hitting it off big but I’m starting to see signs.
When is the lease awkward time for me (25F) to break up with my boyfriend (27M)?
Is it normal to ask "what if" while in a long-term relationship?
Is it normal to ask "what if" while in a long-term relationship?
My brain tells me (M, 25) it's what's good for her (F, 30), but my heart is devastated
How do I (F 18) tell my Bumble match (M19) I picked another guy?
Anyone else have fantasies of snuggling up with someone under warm covers in the cold night rather than having threesomes with celebrities?
My (31F) downstairs neighbor (65/70ish F) is relying too much on me and I don't know how to draw a limit without disrespecting her.
Is my long-distance fiance cheating?
My (31F) widowed downstairs neighbor (68/70ishF) relies too much on me and I don't know how to put a limit to her requests
I can't stand my best friend's wife, how do I deal with it?
Am I An Asshole If I Break Up With My Boyfriend Because He Can’t Find a Full Time Job That Makes Decent Money
I think my long-distance fiance is cheating on me with his friend
Am I (40m) too naive to give my wife(37f) one more chance?
Accidentally found out my [F23] bf [25] was engaged to his ex [24?]
(40M) not sure what to do. Met someone (30F) a couple days ago and we’re hitting it off big but I’m starting to see signs.
Am I An Asshole If I Break Up With My Boyfriend Because He Can’t Find a Full Time Job That Makes Decent Money
Help???
I’m planning me and my bf’s 5th year anniversary
Does the first breakup feel the same for everyone?
Would you be my fake valentin(e) ?
I’m planning me and my bf’s 5th anniv
Am I (23F) wrong for being mad that my boyfriend (32M) masturbated while we were on vacation?
My brain tells me it's what's good for her, but my heart is devastated
I can't stand my best friend's wife, how do I deal with it?
My brain tells me it's what's good for her, but my heart is devastated.
I (28M) am moving in with my GF (30F). Any advice on how to balance time between my gf and my family/parents.
My brain tells me (M, 25) this is good for her, but my heart is utterly broken
My [18F] boyfriend [22] said he doesnt love me
My(24m) ex(25f) believes I did something seriously wrong for commenting on her misbehaviours
Moving in with my girlfriend. Any tips on how to balance time between relationship with my gf and parents/grandparents.
After 3 years, I (28M) ended my friendship with my best friend / crush (29M). This is the healthiest I’ve felt in years, but I don’t feel happy yet.
After 5 years, my boyfriends social anxiety went away
My brother (15M) punched me (13M) in the face after I refused to give him the PS4
Does anyone else think their gf is dumb?
How do I [M] introduce porn to spice things up
After 3 years, I (28M) ended my friendship with my best friend / crush (29M). This is the healthiest I’ve felt in years, but I don’t feel happy yet.
Advice
My boyfriends social anxiety went away but I spent 5 years dating him and he’s always been cute and awkward
Feeling depressed...
I told my GF I was bisexual, and called her a huge hypocrite for her response.
Long-distance and life choices have made me unsure of if I [23 M] should I am unsure of whether to break-up with my girlfriend [22F] of over three years
How do you pull yourself out of a hole after a break up?
My(24m) ex(25) believes I did something seriously wrong for commenting on her misbehaviors.
Should you date whithin the workplace?
I [18M] feel like my relationship with my girlfriend [18f] is going south, and I feel like its my fault, but I have no clue what to do.
My (24) ex (25) believes I did something seriously wrong for commenting on her misbehaviors.
My (F24) younger sister (F21) borrowed money. Says she can't pay me because she's broke, then buys a new PS4.
I don’t know what to do
How do you feel about your s/o watching xxx
Reddit made me realize my ex was gaslighting me
I (33M) don't think I mean as much to anyone as they mean to me and it's very depressing. What can I do?
Question: how to get rid of romantic feelings?
How do I stop developing feelings for someone?
How do you feel about your s/o watching MILF porn?
I [25] had a fight with my sister [16f] in her birthday because she didn't think I was being "happy" enough and I blew up because we've had that same argument several time. What should I do now?
Question: how to get rid of romantic feelings?
Was he arrogant?
Was he arrogant?
I (25F) love my boyfriend (25M) but another guy (25M) lingers in my head
Do you think you would be able to have a healthy relationship with somebody who is addicted to smoking weed?
Was he being an arrogant?
Was I an asshole for saying that my 18M friend 18M only got into Harvard because he’s black?
Want to name a snakes dinner after your ex?
I’m (18F) not sure how to move forward with my ex? (18M)
Should you try to save a marriage if you're simply in love with someone else?
I (f29) broke up with him (m28) does it have to be the end?
How do I (29F) tell my BF (26M) that sex isn't that great anymore?
My [32] overbearing best friend [36M] won't stop giving unsolicited advice
Accidentally complimented a friend on her weight loss before I knew it was due to an eating disorder
Friend with benefit doesn't want me. Should I leave or stay?
Accidentally complimented a friend for her weight loss before I knew it’s due to an eating disorder. What do I say?
Was I being an asshole here? Reposted from r/AITA because the mods are dumb
My bf (21M) broke you with me (29F) without telling me
brushing my hands off for good
My [26F] sister [24F] is *really* sick. She doesn't like me. I don't know what to do or how to help my family.
I dont know how to confess
Will my ex gf come back ?
Is this considered cheating?
Can the right job make you more attractive?
I (18M) don't know if I overreacted with my GF (16F), and if I did what I should do going forward.
[27/M] I don't know if I love my girlfriend [24/F]
I (18M) overreacted with my GF (16F) and I feel bad and want to fix things.
My friend with benefit doesn't want to accept my love. Stay or leave?
Need male advice
Does the right jobs make you attractive?
I felt in love with my best friend but she is a lesbian and I can't get over her (i'm male)
My boyfriend [20M] had an awkward situation with a worker in my [19F] house and this has caused a problem.
Will my ex ever come back?
valentine and birthday present money problem
Controlling girlfriend?
valentine & birthday present problem
Best friend feels horny around me
I (37f) was told recently by my boyfriend (29m) after pregnancy scare he would leave if I got pregnant
I (37f) was told recently by my boyfriend (29m) after he would leave if I got pregnant
I (27M) am in a business partnership with my family (sister, 42F) and brother-in-law (47M) and I am afraid to tell them I don’t want to be in the business anymore. What can I do?
I (37f) was told recently by my boyfriend (29m) after he would leave if I got pregnant.
Boyfriend left the state without telling me???
My [21M] four roommates [19M and 19F] don't get along anymore. It is rare for it to feel like everyone is happy all at once nowadays, and it is making me sad. One of them [19F] I considered my best friend but now it feels like she's usually distant. What should I do?
I’ve been in a relationship with my girlfriend just under a year, I keep hurting her by messaging other people. She thinks I’ve cheated on her and I haven’t, but I cant blame her. I stopped talking to girls for about 4 months and was still accused, but she has caught me doing it again. What do I do?
Women of this subreddit: would you care if a man (otherwhise considered handsome by most people) had his fair share of stretch marks?
My (28/f) friends (30/f) boyfriend (30/m) was caught having a little side business getting a cut from girls who make pornographic videos for men
Never give the benefit of the doubt
I need help learning how to compromise with affection
Walking away from drug addict partner
I'm in a new relationship and need help on how to compromise on affection
F/25 is breaking up by phone with m/25 okay?
My (19F) boyfriend (18M) is a weeb. (Help? Please?)
I keep hurting my girlfriend by messaging other girls, but I love her very much, what do I do?
For women: Did keeping cheating a secret help or hurt your relationship?
Am I selfish or is he throwing out excuses?
Women of reddit: would you care if a man (otherwhise considered handsome by most people) had his fair share of stretch marks?
How can I (39M) look for the best in people, when trying to make new friends?
My (28f) partner of 4 years (28m) is depressed and pushing me away. I don't know how much more I can take.
I keep hurting my girlfriend who I love very much, what do I do?
I keep hurting my girlfriend who I love very much and I don’t know what to do
Ladies of reddit, what have your boyfriends done to make you crave them and remember why you were attracted to them in the first place? Need some advice
My (22M) boyfriend (23M) is upset that I shared a bed with my best friend (22M) and also says our relationship is weird
Me (30 f) struggling with the friendship my (36 m) boyfriend has with a 62 year old man
My girlfriend (19) did something that pushed me (18M) over the edge
Boyfriend keeps lying to me. I'm at a loss
Girl(18) "broke up", because i(20) didnt show enough intrest, does she want me to care now or does she want me to leave her alone?
My Girlfriend (19) did something that caused me (18M) to spiral out of control
My boyfriend keeps lying and im at a loss
Boyfriend of over a year keeps lying
I [20F] am cheating on my boyfriend [21M] even though there is nothing wrong in our relationship
My friend (30, F) constantly asks my other friend (31, F) and I (32, F) for dating advice and validation. How to set boundaries?
What can I say to no longer give a co-worker a ride to work on Fridays? I’ve been driving her for about a month. (She’s rude, mean and toxic. She totally stressed me out yesterday. I can’t be honest with her, because she’s my co-worker and I don’t want to entirely ruin the relationship.)
Single, but not for long?
I'm cheating on my boyfriend even though there is nothing wrong in our relationship
My (26F) fiancé (37M) says that he cares about me but I don’t see it in his actions.
Please help, I think i'm being lied to
Im not sure whether to break it off with a guy I am talking to.
How can I help a child relative who is being bullied?
I'm afraid my girlfriend's (F24) career crisis is making her depressed. How can I (M26) help her before it takes down our relationship?
Seeking a relationship in Florida
Do I need therapy??
My girlfriend broke up with me and we ended things on good terms. Then her friends told her I tried to cheat when I was really intoxicated, I had no idea I ever tried to cheat, I know it’s still not an excuse but I also had just found out.
I (28M) help deciding between 2 girls
An extremely unhealthy dynamic between us, and no positive end in sight
I am (20M) and I like this girl (20F) we like eachother and she has been up and down since starting accutane
A strange situation with my ex. I really need opinions because I'm so confused
My (22M) boyfriend (23M) is upset that I shared a bed with my best friend (22M)
Me [21 M] with my girlfriend [19 F] - We've both got this opportunity and we're competing for it. How do I deal with this situation?
My partner slept ať another guy's place and she lied about it all the time until I found out. She keeps saying that nothing Bad hapenned.
Online dating
Am I Too Young? Help
My (f30) classmate (m32) makes women in our class feel uncomfortable.
How can I (24F) tell if I am being too friendly/flirty with guy friends?
Continue and suffer or let it go and suffer?
The love of my life (22F) said I (30M) didn't respect her boundaries by touching her boob in bed, but I apologized. We had so many fun times in almost three months. She was always comfortable with snuggling and touching, now she needs space.
A girl I like recently started taking accutane and her toughts about me suddenly took a turn
Continue and suffer or let it go and suffer?
How do I help a child relative who is being badly bullied?
The love of my life (22F) said I (30M) didn't respect her boundaries by touching her boob in bed, but I apologized. We had so many fun times in almost three months. She was always comfortable with snuggling and touching, now she needs space.
Guys isn't this the perfect name to start a hookup or dating site?
I don’t want to end in depression
The love of my life said I didn't respect her boundaries by touching her boob in bed, but I apologized. We had so many fun times in almost three months. She was always comfortable with snuggling and touching, now she needs space.
Asked me to move in and now no response??
My boyfriend (22M) tells me (20F) that this is the first time he’s felt this way when it isn’t.
Am I both Paranoid and Traumitized or is she going to cheat? (HELP)
A small rant about Valentines day (and relationships as a whole)
Am I both Paranoid and Traumitize or is she going to cheat? (HELP)
I (15F) have 2 new step brothers (14M and 16M) that I'm worried about living with
I ruin dates after 3-4 weeks, did I ruin it here too?
My ex left me bit acted weird after the break up and some of it has to do with my parents need advice on his actions
My Mother is negatively affecting my mental health - need advice.
Travelled to another country to see girlfriend , only saw her 3/8 days.
My (M16) crush on my 3rd Best Friend (F16) who is half a foot taller than me.
Travelled to another country to see girlfriend, only saw her 3/8 days.
ExBF (24M) ended things because of cultural differences and the fact that I (23F) got too emotionally attached
She will never know..
Godparent? (22M)
My friends don't accept my relationship
I (23F) found out my boyfriend (28M) is watching disabled/elderly porn, whilst working in aged care
My [26F] ex-bf [31M] tried to turn me against the only friend I have left. I fought back and now look like the bad guy
Godparent? (21M)
My (19f) FWB (22m) ended our friendship to date another girl
Why would a guy mock a girl and then talk nice to her?
I (23 F) found out my boyfriend (28 M) is watching disabled porn
I (22F) am worried that my Dad (59M) is going to ruin my entire family's relationship with my cousin (18F) who has just moved to Australia to live with us.
Godparent?
Parents affected the relationship need advice
My friends don't accept my relationship
My [26F] ex-bf [31M] tried to turn me against my only friend left. I fought back and now look like an asshole.
I am (39M) is it normal to chat and date girls just over (18F)?
Coworker [19M] confessed crush on me [19F] 3 months ago at a party and we haven't spoken since. What do I do?
Me [38 M] with my girlfriend [20F] 4 months. She may have been abused mentally and emotionally by a sexual predator while she was an adult.
Need sex advice for sexless relationship
Help please
Need sex advice
Help please
To Women. Could you imagine yourself with a person like me [26M]
Me [19M] with my friend[19 M] 4 months, Close friend has ruined my life, and got me fired
My (17F) best friend’s brother (18M) is the one for me?
Apparently I (21 m) ignored this girl (20 f) and it might’ve made her feel bad. What should I say?
Need help on How to reach my GF’s toddler, and help gf with parenting advice
My [32] boyfriend [36] wants to see other people and thinks he might want a poly relationship in the future
Did I mess up by ignoring her? How should I respond?
My [32] boyfriend [36] wants to see other people and think he might want a poly relationship
My girlfriend (14F)wants to kiss and cuddle me(14M)...
I caught feelings too quickly
Gf (20F) Cheated but I (20M) did too
I F[18] love my M[22] boyfriend but he’s uncertain
Jelousy or being Protective?
Is it Jelousy or Protective?
Husband's family has weird habits
How to approach to people that I find attractive?
My (22F) husband (31M) is uncomfortable about me and my brother (20M) sharing our intimate experiences
Will you date your friends ex?
Is it jelousy or being protective?
I’m in love, but I want to be with other people.
She ditched our friends
I caught feelings to quickly
Why do I catch feelings so fast
AITA (23m) for wanting to split from 24(f) Girlfriend
We broke up over an argument about what we want to eat
Guys point of view requested
Is my (23F) friend (27F) emotionally manipulating me?
His rejection and “mixed signals” are driving me crazy!
My cousin/friend is being a terrible friend
Talking to girls.
Talking to girls.
Is my (23F) friend (27F) emotionally manipulating me?
My (24F) boyfriend (34M) has anger issues and I don’t know what to do
Lied to my girlfriend 2 hours after promising never to lie again
I lied to my girlfriend again 2 hours after promising I won’t lie
Friend (F) (16) has recently found out BF (M) (16) has been secretly texting her closest friend (f) (16) what to do now?
Lied to my girlfriend 2 hours after promising never to lie again
Friend (16) (f) feels betrayed because BF (16) and best friend (16) (f) have been secretly texting
Am I to blame for my fiancé’s ex feeling empowered?
AITA (23m) for wanting to split from 24(f) girlfriend?
My (21F) sister (15F) talks to strangers on the Internet, I don't know what to do anymore
Friend feels betrayed because Bf and best friend are talking to each other secretly and planned to keep it a secret
My (21F) sister (15) won't stop texting someone from the Internet she doesn't know
Weird work friendship between (24M) and (24F) how do I put an end to it?
Weird work "friendship" [24M] and [24F] has left me confused and wanting to put an end to it.
Husbands family has weird habits
My heart just went jdvsgdiwbdghwbdjsbd
What do you think of me (39M) dating (18F) is it ok?
I'm So Frustrated
Should I tolerate my GF talking to her Ex's?
Cuddling cheating?
Oh God, It's Over!
I Am So Frustrated...
Complicated relationship
Oh God, It's Over!
My boyfriend has a fetish I can’t come to terms with
I (21f) am horrifically shallow and not attracted to bf (20) after he got a chinstrap
The 'Ring' Talk Was Not What I Expected At All...
I (24) have fallen out of love with my gf (24) that I live with. How do I break up with her?
Should I tolerate my GFs relations with her ex partners?
AITA for not wanting my sister to date an older guy?
I (18F) don't know whether to message to my ex-friend (18F) letting her know why I cut her off and not to try to speak to me
Toxic relationship?
UPDATE: Oh god, I think it's over!
I [27F] am not sure about my feelings for my fwb [25M]
I [M22] love my girlfriend [24] but my sexual life and experience is next to none existant
I (18F) don't know whether to tell my ex-friend (18F) to stop trying to talk to me and how badly she hurt me
I'm horrifically shallow and no longer attracted to bf after beard changes ( chinstrap)
Valentine's day Advice
I [M22] have been with first girlfriend [24] 2 years. My sexual life and experience is close to none existant
Valentine's day Advice
Dumped out of nowhere. Couple of days ago she (26F) tells me she loves me. Yesterday she even set up everything we had planned for tonight and just when I (27M) arrive at her place she tells me she has something to say to me...
24yr old Bisexual Girl Who Needs help
how to talk to crush (20m) that I (19f) never see
My boyfriend [24 M] is a workaholic and I [24 F] can’t take it anymore
Embarassing problem regarding a toilet in the French countryside
I (23M) want to start dating my best friend (27F)
I (23M) want to start dating my best friend (27F)
Dumped out of nowhere. Couple of days ago she tells me she loves me. Yesterday she even set up everything we had planned for tonight and just when I arrive at her place she tells me she has something to say to me...
I (17f) am getting jealous over an old crush (18m)
Am I overthinking this all or does he not care enough about me?
Hello redditors I need a relationship advice so I am 17 years old and I am single but I have a question I am normally awkward and shy I have been shy and awkward for the rest of my life if and I am quite mature for my age do you have any advice for someone who is awkward and shy thank you
Am I being too controlling
(40M) (38f) no sex no love....NEED HELP
Cabin fever/not sure how to make new friends in a foreign country after bridging gap in LDR
My [41] Girlfriend[39] refuses to breakup no matter
But she has a coochie
Update: I (F25) don’t know how to handle my boyfriends (M28) mental health.
how to talk to crush I never see
Bisexual Girl Who Needs Some Help
Am I being too controlling
A strange situation with an ex
Virtual Girlfriend
update: I’m (25F) finding it hard to deal with my boyfriends (28M) mental health.
my SO [F22] of 7 years cheated on me [M22] with one of our very close friends that we've known since high school
I (19F) am constantly afraid my girlfriend (20F) is going to ghost me, and I don’t know how to make the anxiety stop
Finally got the balls to ask my crush out. (I got rejected but I feel 10x better!)
My (22m) girlfriend (25f) got upset at me and cried for downloading an app just because I "will see attractive girls". We've been official for 1 week and my friends are telling me it's only because she loves me but it's exhausting.
How to break up with someone who doesn’t want to?
How do I [25M] deal with my dad [75M] who at minimum has been emotionally abusive for my entire life
Is It Wrong To Keep The Details of a Relationship With a Coworker Secret From Other Coworkers?
Finally got the balls to ask my crush out. I got rejected though, but honestly I feel good!
Got the balls to ask my crush out. Even though she said no, I feel so much better!
Looming divorce ahh....Many backstories.....Please help
Asked my crush out, she said no, but I actually feel great :^D
My (21f) roommates are toxic and my bf (19m) has a hard time believing me
Such a mess
Words
My ex left me as I said some horrible things to her out of anger , I haven’t spoken to her in 8 months? Is there a chance
My (19F) relationship with my partner (20M) is getting really toxic and I don't know what to do
Me 21M found some red flags in girlfriend of 2 years phone
Me 21M found some red flags in girlfriend of 2 years phone!
I(22F) get anxious when my boyfriend(25M) goes out without me because of trauma from a past relationship.
I (24F) think I want a divorce from my husband (24M)
does becoming a mom mean you should drop everything?
This is a big red flag what do i do? 21m find some red flags on girlfriend of 2 years 20F
I’m uncomfortable....
Physical Intimacy is All I Know & Now It’s Gone, Help?
my partner pushed me off the bed in the heat of an argument. now I have constant pain in my lower back.
How do I (27m) kiss a girl (23) who is way shorter than me?
my partner pushed me off the bed in the heat of an argument and I landed butt first on linoleum. now there's constant pain on my lower back.
My ex owes me 30k, but he wants to reduce the amount by adding his NFSs, which were caused by sending me monthly payments. How does this make sense?
My [25F] and my ex boyfriend [25M] recently hooked up, but he has a girlfriend.
I (29/F) waited 3 years to text my ex (31/M), and he was a jerk to me. I feel proud of myself for doing it, but I'm disappointed with how it went.
I feel I did nothing wrong, except express myself.
I (F27) came back with my ex (M27) and he found out the reason why I broke up with him, now he is angry.
Partner (28M) uses my insecurities to attack me during fights
My [25F] ex boyfriend [25 M] and I hooked up recently, but he is dating someone else
My ex owes me 30k and he wants to deduct the amount by adding his NSFs which were caused by sending me monthly payments. How does this make sense?
I (25F) have a bf (25M) who I love but can’t get one other guy (25M) out of my head
ExBF (24M) ended things because I (23F) got too emotionally attached
Me [20M] and my girlfriend [19F] broke up 3 weeks ago. I want to unfriend/block her on social media now, but don't know how to go about it?
Is Anna Bananas or am I?
Does it make me (21M) a bad person for not remembering her (25F) name correctly?
Is Anna Bananas, or am I?
Does it make me (21M) a bad person for not remembering her (25F) name correctly?
My (23F) Boyfriend (27M) might be moving away to pursue one of his dreams. Would I be a terrible person for breaking up with him over this?
Should I [23M] stop seeing this girl [20F] before or after Valentine’s Day?
Friends in College [M20]
Should I[23M] stop seeing this girl [23F] before or after Valentine’s Day?
How to manage a long distance relationship?
Was he annoyed or just playing around?
My friend (27F) assaulted me and now I(18F) think I love her.
Seeking dude advice
Partner (28M) uses my insecurities to attack me (27F) during fights
My friend (27F) assaulted me (18F) and now I love her.
I (25F) compulsively twirl my hair as a “comfort blanket”. My daughter (4F) twirls as well, since infancy. Is this cause for concern?
Seeking Dude Advice..
My boyfriend of two years moved out
Husband always in a shit mood
Pleeaseeeee advice.
Just a rant ♡♡
Boyfriend uses insecurities to attack me during fights
Me (25M) GF (23F) When She Says I Don't Want To Talk About
How to find happiness for a friend when you are seeing them make a bad choice for the wrong reasons?!
My (F18) parents (M52) (F50) constantly fight/ignore each other but they don’t seem to be getting a divorce
Should I (22M) date someone younger than me (19F) in college?
how do I integrate myself into his new friend group in a way that isn't invasive?
My (F18) parents (M52) (F50) constantly fight/ignore each other but they don’t seem to be getting a divorce
Am I overreacting?
“Best friends” with ex
how do I integrate myself into his friend group in a way that isn't invasive?
IDK Know what to do
Does my co-worker like me?
My boyfriend (30 m) supposedly kissed another girl. I'm chill. Should I not be chill though?
My boyfriend (25M) gets really upset and passive aggressive when I (26F) say no to sex
Boyfriends best and ONLY friend is ex. Wtf. What do?
Does my co-worker like me?
This is just a reminder that she ain’t thinking about you bro. Get some sleep. Tomorrow’s a new day
Terrified of commitment
I (F21) need help setting boundaries and healing my relationship with my dad (M51)
M (18) need help with F(26)
A bit bored, advice needed.
I (F21) need help setting boundaries and healing my relationship with my dad (M51)
I keep attracting men looking for a rebound (30f)
I keep attracting men looking for a rebound and my friend blames my
M 20 trying to get back in game
My husband (early 30s) told my coworkers that I (early 30s) interviewed for another job....I cannot trust him
Why does putting a label on relationships seem to kill my feelings? Help and advice appreciated.
Terrified of engagement
Wife left to find herself
What do you make of it?
My husband (early 30s) told my coworkers I (early 30s) interviewed for another job......I don't trust him
Long distance boyfriend (23M) offered me (21F) a break if I NEED it because I’m struggling. He himself does not want a break.
How can i [31F] avoid abusing my bf [23M]?
My boyfriend supposedly kissed another girl, should I even care?
My ex left me 6 months ago and I cannot stop thinking about her!!!!!!
Am I Pregnant
Girlfriend being toxic
Boyfriend (20M) talking to a guy on snapchat who used to send him nudes
Wife wants to seperate for a few weeks.
Girlfriend being toxic
Am I Pregnant?
My (23F) boyfriend (26M) and I have been together for almost 6 years. How to tell the family we've decided to elope?
Am I Pregnant?
Am I pregnant?
I'm (24M) considering ghosting my friend (22M) who was my college roommate
At what point into your relationship did you begin to prioritize your partner over your best friends/family members?
I (16M) am getting mixed signals about hugging a Girl-Friend (15F)
Relationship help ~ did I do the right thing?
I (16M) am getting mixed signals from one of my girl - friends (15F)
I'm (24M) considering ghosting my friend who was my roommate in college (22M)
I (17F) been in a relationship for 3 months with a (18M) and he loves me a lot more than I love him
Should I [18M] tell my girl [18F] about my fetish/kink?
Should I tell my girl about my fetish/kink?
"I am sick and tired of you acting like a child" I [26/M] went out last night and my gf[20/F] turned it into an attack on my life.
I am 30M dating/hanging with 28F, I may have a child in another state
I (17M) think my girlfriend (17F) might be cheating on me.
Mom uses me for my skills at her business but won’t pay me properly for it.
I (17F) been in a relationship for 3 months with a (18M) and he loves me a lot more than I love him
Feelings for very close friends ex
Mom uses my skills for free
Is it wrong for you to convince your partner that you really love and care about to stop taking substances because you really want them to be safe and healthy?
VERY IMPORTANT (I want to understand what redditors think about this situation)
How to get over anger?
How to get over anger at husband?
How do I tell the Girl(29) I am seeing that I may have a kid. I am M(30)
So my (32/f) friends (31/f) boyfriend (33/m) was caught with a private Facebook account where he apparently gets paid when women send nudes/videos to men
I (17F) am catching feelings for someone (17M) who isn’t looking for anything, was cheated on and I have commitment issues
girl [18F] said no to dating, one week later she is almost in tears that I [18M] found another date
I [M21] feel deeply unwanted by my girlfriend [F20]
I have a crush on my best friend and I don't know how to handle it.
Am I (30F) overreacting because my ex-bf (26M) appears to be ignoring me?
Is this normal?
Does it REALLY matter that my(32) recovered alcoholic co-parent(45) appears to make advances by picking fights with me?
What is it like Kissing a pretty Korean women ?
Is it normal?
F23 single since forever
Guy I’m dating... should I be upset?
How does a 22 year old female deal with a 34 year old male who still loves at home and is a mama’s boy?
F23 and never had a boyfriend before
How do you even find the time!?
He’s out of my league
How to get amnesia
How to deal with a mama’s boy?
How to get amnesia
How are you supposed to have a relationship in this day and age?
My girlfriend is polyamorous and I’m uncomfortable with it
Single from lack of interest in others?
Was my (35m) gf (31f) out of line for talking too long about the country she lived in with ex fiancé?
Will I regret not fighting for the wedding I’ve always wanted?
My crush doesn't like me so should I try to be his friend? (F 28) (M24)
Will I regret not fighting for the wedding I’ve always wanted?
My (19F) boyfriend (18M) fell alseep while we were in a call together.
My crush doesn't like me so should I try to be his friend (F 28) (M 24)
Will I regret not fighting for the wedding I want?
Was I [28F] gaslighted by my now-ex [27M]?
My boyfriend (21M) has been secretly messaging his ex
Heard my wife having phone sex
Am I the problem?
I (21F) need some ideas on how to read my boyfriends (21M) text messages with his ex
How to get the chance to read my boyfriends messages with his ex?
I (21F) have recently realized that I'm not straight (leaning demisexual/pansexual, though I am still exploring internally)... How do I tell my live-in partner (24M), who I've been with for almost 2 years?
Any ideas on how to find out what he has been messaging his ex about?
My (36F) mother (75F) is asking me to support her, even though she has $200K in savings
Me (20F) can never have a constructive argument with my boyfriend (23M)
Married 3 years me (34F) to Verbally abusive(?) husband (39m).. Not sure what to do
What questions should I [f21] ask my [m20] partner to better understand his culture?
Still Get Butterflies...
My boyfriend follows Instagram models and reposts hentai on tumblr ??
I [28M] don't know if my girlfriend [26F] is being emotionally abusive or if its her mental health condition that she can't control.
I broke her heart and i regret it
My gf parents continue to tell her I am going to leave her and it is putting a strain on our relationship.
My boyfriend follows Instagram models and I see him re-posting posts on tumblr of naked women ...
My girlfriends parents continue to tell her I am going to leave her and it is putting a strain on our relationship, I don’t know what to do.
What questions should I ask my partner to better understand their culture?
my (f19) boyfriend (m20) is being a brat and i feel like i messed up because of his comments
I think my (24F) brother (21M) might kill himself and I don’t know what to do
Can you fix a sexless relationship?
I (26M) saw my ex (26F) while out to dinner with my current girlfriend.
How to let a girl down easy?
I like sex more than my boyfriend and I’m afraid our relationship won’t work
my (f19) boyfriend (m20) is being a brat and i feel like i messed up because of his comments
I (19F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) and now I am having regrets.
Heartbroken
My husband (M 31) told a very big lie by omission. Not sure how I (F 31) am supposed to ever trust him again.
Love giving my girlfriend oral sex, but how should I ask her I’d like the same sometimes as well.
Should I be reading into this message from my friend of 4 years?
Me (24M) broke up with my GF (21F) as I couldn't see any other option and it hurts so much , what do i do ?
Heartbroken
My(23f) bf (26m) has been showing less sexual interest in me almost over night
I've just broke up with my GF as i couldn't see any other option and it hurts so much
Doing some personality and relationship research... 7 simple questions!
Gaming issues (24M) (23F)
Do I (19F) see my highschool teacher (35M) who allegedly “took advantage” of me?
A strange situation with an ex
Do I (19F) meet with my highschool teacher (35M) who apparently “molested” me?
Trying to Figure Out Things
A strange situation with my ex
THE break-up post
Figuring Out Things
First date help!
Am I wrong for asking my bf to stay out of fights?
Am I wrong for asking my boyfriend to stay out of fights?
I don’t know
First date help!
women's farts smell
Should I read into this situation with my 21f friend 43m of 4 years?
First date!
I'm[30f], once again, falling into the support role with a new man[37m] I've been seeing. How can I get in the habit of making my life and interests more of a priority in a budding relationship?
I choked on some pork, was able to get it out, but I got some stuck in my esophugus. I could barely breathe at all, I threw up everything. Went to the ER and got surgery to get it out. My gf made no attempt to come, and she’s with friends after the surgery... (20M) (21F)
THE break-up post
Should I approach my co worker for a date?
Need help seeing a different perspective
I (24f) feel like all I do is smother him (25m) and cause his anxiety
Long-distance and life choices have made me unsure of if I [23 M] should I am unsure of whether to break-up with my girlfriend [22F] of over three years
I have a boyfriend but this other guy I barely know makes me so flustered I can’t even think
I [24f] feel like all I do is smother him [25m] and cause his anxiety.
How To Stop Being Insecure
Long distance and career choices have me [23 M] unsure of whether to break-up with my girlfriend [22 F] of over three years.
Getting frustrated
Best friend (M 24) snapped at me (M 24) after being a bad room mate. Unsure how to proceed
My [29M] relationship with my GF [28F] is officially on the rocks. Would you leave?
My [M29] relationship with my GF [28F] is officially on the rocks. Would you leave?
My [M29] relationship with my GF [F28] is officially pining for the fjords. What the hell am I gonna do?
I attacked my coworker and now I feel horrible and embarrassed. Don’t know how to go about it on Monday.
Anyone else unable to move? Like, physically, move houses. I (45M) and my wife (42F) can't agree on anything
At the end of the day, I feel like being alone is the only answer.
Anyone unable to move? Like physically, move houses
I (13m) think my father (52m) is gay.
My (33F) fiance (36M) can't seem to understand my depression, I'm panicked and I fear it'll break the relationship
I (13m) think my father (52m) is gay.
Am I (21FtM) to blame for my family's problems?
My [30F] boyfriend [31] told me he wants a 'yes' person. How would you react to that?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong with me?
Whats wrong with me?
Physical and Sexual over Emotional Connection
My 30 fiancé (m) must be lying. I need your advice. Is he cheating?
Texted my (19F) boyfriend (20M) of 2 years "I love you" and he got pissed and said I say that too much. I feel awful.
I'm afraid we made a mistake getting married
Give me a reason why it is okay to say goodbye
Give me reasons on why it is okay to say goodbye
Help, I think my girl is constantly cheating:(
I [33 M] ghosted a girl [26 F] 3 years ago. She is perfect and I want her back.
My ex found me a therapist and I said no
I(15M) have just entered an relationship and I have no clue what to do!
My ex found me a therapist, I told him no
A sort of AITA: My ex looked for therapists for me.
Boyfriend doesn’t invite me to parties?
What is the Secret to a Lasting Relationship or Marriage
My (18M) mother (56F) is being shady with our family finances.
I am (20F) so desperate for this guy (24M) that I am happy being a booty call. How do I start respecting myself and become ‘high-quality’ woman?
Is my (20) gf (20) lying about having an apartment?
Human Relationships Kindle Book
What does silence mean when in a discussion?
I want my S.O. to argue better..
Human Relationships Kindle Book
My(34M) Wife's(30F) work friends are making me uncomfortable
Human Relationships Kindle Book
Feel like I[F26] messed up...
"The 50 Golden Rules Of Human Relationships" by Anastasios Bampos
What does no reaction mean?!
The Happiest Adult Couple You Know
I(30f) feel like the guy(30m) I have been seeing for a few months only used me for sex.
Seeing childhood friend first time since 2013
WAS I WRONG TO SAY NO?
Flashbacks of kissing in past relationship
GF said she was no longer in love with me
My(34M) Wife's (30F) work friends make me uncomfortable.
New guy I'm dating loves going down on me, but doesn't want me to reciprocate. Why?
Searching for a relationship
Is my (20) gf (20) lying about an apartment?
Sister [17f] went from promiscuous to extremely Christian in a matter of months. I don't know if this is normal or healthy?
Does anyone know to stop yourself from self sabotaging yourself?
I (15M) Don't Know What to Do Anymore
I'm upset that I don't have a good relationship with my brother in law and sister. I can't tolerate their apathy.
Idk what flare to use
Nothing special
My partner is super handsome but doesn’t put effort into his looks/style at all. I’m the opposite. Is it right for me to want to see him upgrade his personal style?
Was it wrong to say no to my mom?
How to find a boyfriend
Hair loss is damaging my relationship [22M]
Hair loss is damaging my relationship [22M]
This girl makes my heart smile.
How do I know if I’m in love with someone
Flashbacks of kissing in past relationship
This girl makes my heart happy.
Is my (19f) boyfriend (21m) lying to me?
My (19M) Friend (19M) has a toxic relationship with his mother (40) + extended family, but is terrified of cutting ties, what advice can i give him?
How to have fun with my [28m] little sister [6f]?
Flashbacks of kissing in past relationship
Should I reach out to my ex after two years?
I feel like I have no close friends
My dad’s suicide broke me [F22] and my boyfriend [M22] up.
Leaving, or putting your soulmate on the back burner?
My (24 F) boyfriend (28 M) thinks negatively about me, is this normal?
Telling someone you like them!!
What can a guy [m/22] talk about with girls to get their interest if not in the guy himself then at least in the conversation? And how to come across as chill?
My rollercoaster of heartbreak!
Relationship Rut!! Mixed feelings!! Ultimately confused! HELP
How to hit up an acquaintance?
I(13M) TOLD MY FRIEND THAT I HAD A CRUSH ON SOMEONE (13F) AND NOW EVERYONE'S BEING MEAN TO HER BECAUSE SHE'S NOT GOING OUT WITH ME, WHAT WOULD BE THE BEST WAY TO APOLOGISE
How do you get your partner to be more affectionate?
Telling someone you like them!!
Need advice on breaking up with my [22M] suicidal boyfriend [22FTM] of three years.
How to meet new people?
Telling someone you like them!
If you could wave a magic wand and have the intimate and sexual life of your dreams, what would it look like? What do you desire?
Im fine thank you
How do you get your partner to be more affectionate?
I want to get away from my identical twin sister but I can’t?
Why do you keep on getting the “its not you its me” speech?
I want to get away from my identical twin sister?
my wife[23] think me[28] am wrong and im overreacting. am i or am i not?
I (21F) have recently realized that I'm not straight (leaning demisexual/pansexual, though I am still exploring internally)... How do I tell my live-in partner (24M), who I've been with for almost 2 years?
I love him but I want a break. How do I explain and ask for it?
He has two kids with two different women!
wife says im overdoing it and overreacting am i? i need some help here to see if im wrong or not
My (26f) boyfriend (25m) is clearly bothered by a joke I made about other dudes finding me attractive
Modelling is changing my relationships with people and the way I see things now.
How can I lower my sex drive?
His (40) Ex GF (40) entrapped him by getting pregnant (3rd child, 3rd different father) 6 months after their on/off relationship. Everyone including his parents can see through it... he can't! He tried to make it work for baby but doesn't want to be with her they broke up and he still likes me..
[20M]y girlfriend [20F] has a male friend who flirts with her. Is it warranted for me to feel uncomfortable?
How do I (24F) navigate my bipolar depression and marriage
Experiencing the feeling of change in life after modelling.
Should I (19F) renounce to date the man (32M) I like to not hurt my dad (51M) ?
Guy used me to cheat and I need closure
How do I (26F) tell my best friend (26F) that I no longer want to live with her?
How do I (26F) tell my best friend (26F) that I no longer want us to move in together?
My (37M) partner's (37F) mental health issues are driving us both insane
I (f/21) don't think my adoptive father (m/46) loves me or see's me as his actual daughter but i've always seen him as my actual 'dad'. Is it time to meet my biological father?
Should I (21F) stay with a guy (28M) that doesn't want me seeing other men while he does date with other people?
Love Fest Weekend
My [20M] girlfriend [20F] has a male friend who flirts with her. Is it warranted that I feel uncomfortable?
Help
My (37M) partner's (37F) mental health issues are driving us both insane
I’ve Lost my Boyfriend to Video Games
My (23M) sex life with my (24F) fiancé is dying
I hate myself, have no motivation and have a negative outlook on nearly everything. 24y/o (m)
Are other women here hornier when on your period too?
I dont know to break up with my boyfriend or not
i dont know if i should break up with my boyfriend or not, i feel really guilty and ruined everything but i love him
I hate myself, have no motivation and have a negative outlook on nearly everything. 24y/o (m)
Why can't I be in a relationship?
Are other women here hornier when on your period too?
Am I strange or "less manly" because I don't objectify women?
My (23M) sexual relationship with my (23F) fiancé is dying.
My (21f) boyfriend (23m) admitted that he hasn't felt the same spark in any relationship since he broke up with a girl some time back. I feel like I'm not enough for him, honestly. What should I do?
Why am I having a hard time being with someone?
Valentines gift ideas
Is it normal to lose feelings for a partner while they’re away for a few weeks? (29F), (30M)
What should I (F20) do about a mutual friend (M20) that keeps bashing my boyfriend (M20) and I's relationship?
My friend is mean but I'm worried about losing my other friends if I cut this person out
Getting married after dating only 2 people
would it be unfair if I (24F) left my boyfriend (35M) over his financial problems?
What do I do about naming my child?
Asking my estranged father for help
My experience with OCD in my first relationship
Asking for financial help from estranged father
I (37/m) am having bedtime conflict with my fiance (28/f). She isn't sleeping well and gets mad if I even turn over in bed.
I (25M) think I'm falling out of love with my GF (F24) of 3 years and I'm terrified.
[M18] My secret 3 year crush on a girl I can't get off my mind.
Online dating
My boyfriend is depressed
would it be unfair to leave my boyfriend of 2 years over his crippling debt?
Bf lies about watching porn even when he knows it hurts me
My (35F) husband (33M) is missing significant amounts of work every day
My "friend" will fly to another country to see friends she met online but won't even answer my messages.
I (25M) think I'm falling out of love with my GF (F24) of 3 years and I'm terrified.
Wife (36f) has accused me (38n) of being stifling and controlling
How do I (25f) tell my Mom (48) that I know I was conceived before she got married
How to tell a guy that you’re not into him?
Bf lies about watching porn even when I'm told him multiple times that it makes me feel bad and uncomfortable
My "friend" flies out of the country to see friends but wont drive 30 mins to see me.
I think my boyfriend sexually assaulted me on accident TW: trauma, sexual abuse
Did he cheat or should I cut him slack?
My (35F) husband (32M) is missing significant time from work
He doesn’t like me, right?
my [18/M] ex [19/M] and i hooked up and i'm confused, advice?
I (19F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) and now I regret it...?
The age gap between me [32, F] and my boyfriend [23, M] is causing issues with friends/family
I (31M) have been offered a great job in another country which would move me away from girlfriend (32F) of 2 years. Need some advice.
My (M30) wife's (F 27) attitude is changing, and I don't know what to make of it! I think there might be somone else. I'd appreciate your help!
After being bullied by my boss, I was moved teams. A few months later, the bully was fired...but the role change might have really hurt my career prospects
I (18M) feel empty inside
I (31M) have been offered a great job in another country which would move me away from girlfriend (32F) of 2 years. Need some advice.
Learning the difference between a situation that needs communication and a situation that's a sign things just won't work out saves everyone a lot of time!
How big of a jerk am I for breaking up with a guy a week before Valentine’s Day?
Need advice on wether i should get her something 5 months post breakup or if i should just let it be
My boyfriend (28m) only seems to like talking to me (29f) through text...
Is it okay to be sort of mad my boyfriend (20M) still follows his exes? I am (20F)
I [26f] Found out my longtime SO [30m] has been cheating for 3 years and don't know how to move forward.
My (M30) wife's (F 27) attitude is changing, and I don't know what to make of it! I think there might be somone else. I'd appreciate your help!
I'm (f29) my and my boyfriend (m28) only like to talk through text...
how to breakup....?
how to break up...
Is it ok for my boyfriend to have a female best friend?
My (25F) boyfriend (29M) was looking at girls pics during sexual act
Please help, at I making this bigger than it really is?
I feel like I’m ruining my relationship because of a borderline personality disorder
She Changed Her Hair... and I don’t like it.
Please help, am I making this bigger than it really is?
Boyfriend was looking at other girls pics during sexual act
She Changed Her Hair
My [26] boyfriend [28] lives an unhealthy lifestyle and it’s making me anxious about our future
So, I [20f] fell for my best friend [20m] during quarantine, and now I don't know how to get over him.
Not sure if this is normal
My [19M] Sister [12F] doesn't want to pursue the case of bullying at her school, is that okay?
How to sah "no" to sex with an ex if you want him back?
How to say "no" to sex with an ex if you want him back?
My [29F] boyfriend [21M] of 4 years has the most sporadic sleeping schedule
My (27M) girlfriend (24F) keeps asking me what I want from her.
His wife thinks he is cheating - Me f 36 and he is m 32
I'm not sure if this is normal.
Getting over things that never really happened.
I (20F) love my boyfriend (20M) but I don’t trust him.
Dont k ow what to do
My (17m) friend (17f) has asked me out, and I said yes, but she rejected one of my friends last year and I've never been in a relationship so I don't know what to do next.
I [28F] drunkenly text my ex [30M] that I knew he was a liar after my friend [30F] told me in confidence he cheated on me. What do I do?
Race and Relationships Megathread
I need some advice.
I’m (23F) sick of my boyfriend (27M) always being the victim
Not sure if this is normal.
Guy following boyfriend at work
I (19M) need advice on how to say "no" to my Aunt (50-ish)
I know I was emotionally manipulative in my previous relationship
I know I’m emotionally manipulative in Relationship
[29M]How to Stop Feeling Jealous/Insecure?
I don’t know if I have severe jealousy issues of if my bf sucks
Young Love [Long Read]
Anyone here have issues with an extremely tired/unmotivated SO? Please read and share some advice or similar experiences and how you handled it.
Young Love [LONG READ]
According to Reddit, my relationship is doomed.
Anyone here have issues with an extremely tired/unmotivated SO? Please read and share some advice or similar experiences and how you handled it.
Young Love [LONG READ]
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone into the house.
How do I fix myself?
How do I fix myself?
Evil?
According to Reddit, my relationship is doomed.
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone in to the house.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
WOMAN evul?!?!??
My(20F) boyfriend (20M) turns to an asshole whenever I play video games with him
I 33F have mixed feelings about my adoptive parents (60s M/F) cat dying
My(19F) boyfriend (20M) turns to an asshole whenever I play video games with him
I (33F) have mixed feelings about my adoptive parents (60s M/F) and don’t know if I’m an ass or not
Love language issue?
How can I [20M] tell my ex girlfriend I cheated on her? Should I?
Are we just very different people?
My GF [26F] lied and cheated on me for months and ended up being taken advantage of by the person..what should i do?
How can I tell my ex that I cheated on her
I [21F] am not sure whether to stop contacting a person [21M] that I never even dated
Should I 21F make a move on my best friend 21M? (Both Virgins/Have never Dated)
My GF [25F] cheated on me for months and ended up being sexually assaulted by the person..what should i do?
My boyfriend left me because of my culture.
My boyfriend left me because of my culture.
4 months on, discovered ex has been hacking into my social media accounts to check up on me.
I [college aged F] am not sure if I should go no contact with someone [same but M] I never even dated, or how to go about it. [A few years] O wise stable relationship people, impart unto me your wisdom.
My (F/21) Bf (M/22) says I’m too cocky and optimistic about my future.
15 years old. Feel like missing out on something.
My (25/F) boyfriend's (25/M) mother (50/F) has proven to be racially insensitive and I don't know if the relationship is worth having to deal with her even just occasionally.
I’m a terrible person that had a life crisis and I want to know where to go from here.
Did I do something wrong?
So I need some advice
what do you guys think about a break?
My (22F) friend (26F) was rude to a waiter today and I’m disappointed
Today I (22 F) realized my friend (26 F) is rude to waiters and it makes me disappointed in her
3 years, barely rekindled after being apart 9 months
I (f18) don’t understand kissing with tongue with my boy person (m21)
I don’t understand kissing with tongue
One of the hardest life lessons I've encountered to date.
I give the fuck up
Am I seriously overthinking this??? Or do I have a reason to feel undesirable? NSFW
Am I seriously putting too much thought into this??? I don't feel desired. NSFW
My bisexual girlfriend wants to go skinny dipping with her friends. Conflicted.
something fell out of fiances private parts
One of the most toughest life lessons I've learned while on this earth.
What do I do about odd behavior of spouse?
Is it possible to be thin in a relationship with a feeder?
My BF and I communicate intimacy very differently and I need help/support.
odd behavior? Spouse 37M and me (32F)
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] is bisexual but wants to go skinny dipping with her group of friends (all girls). Conflicted.
How to deal with Bf’s Oscillating feelings.
I (F32) dont know how to navigate a friendship (F32) with someone so ignorant about systemic racism in the US
My (26f) roomate (28f) keeps telling me to break up with my gf (27f) of 10 months. What do you make of it?
I (22M) burned bridges with my (22F) ex-gf / friend of 10 years. I haven't been through anything like this before. Please help
How do I (F32) navigate a friendship (F32) and ignorance about systemic racism?
I [21M] don't think I'm sexually attracted to my [21F] girlfriend of 4 years anymore.
(NSFW) My BF and I have bad sexual communication... I need advice/support
Saw something fall out of fiance
14f here, does anyone 13-15f wanna be my online bsf or something?
Boyfriend (38M) goes sailing with his daughter (18F) and her friends (18Fs)
My boyfriend [19M] of 1 year doesn’t bring me around his family or friends. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
14f here, does anyone 13-15f wanna be my online bsf or something?
Is it normal for men to be attracted to 13-14 year olds?
My [19M] boyfriend of 1 year doesn’t bring me around is family. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
Is it normal for men to be attracted to young teens, like 13-14 year olds?
question for guys
My [19M] boyfriend of 1 year doesn’t bring me around his family. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
STEP DAD SEXUALLY HARRASES ME. PLEASE HELP.
me single (30M) my coworker is married (34F) havina confused relationship. How to avoid getting into office romances?
Is this feeling valid?
How to break up with someone you live with?
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] takes 'communication' during sex too seriously and it's a huge turnoff for me, what should I do?
After attending a wedding, thoughts on relationships and singleships...
I struggle with the fact that my partner watches porn, and I'd like some advice
My girlfriend of 3 years (25F) gets nervous talking about sex (23M)
Help I want my girlfriend to open up about sex and feel comfortable with me about it
Letting go and moving on
How to avoid getting into office romances?
Help my girlfriend of 3 years struggles talking about sex with me even though we have it.
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something else entirely
(27F) With (31M) He's suspicious of me, I'm not sure what to do?
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something else entirely
I (22F) really struggle with dealing with my SO (26M) watching porn, and would like advice.
My (23f) best friend (23F) was mad i ditched her for my BF, we haven't spoken in 6 months
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something completely different?
Boyfriend hysterically laughs, records when I have legit mental breakdowns.
The mother of my child is being suspicious
Just realized my m(30) ex f(28) is no one who I ever thought she was.
Boyfriend hysterically laughs, records when I have mental breakdown.
My [30F] boyfriend [37M] of 9 months lies to his daughter [11F] when we go out, and he wants me to lie to her too.
The mother of my child is being suspicious
My best friend [31 F] of 5 years ghosted me [24 F] out of nowhere.
Was into a girl for the first time in a long time before COVID and since then I’ve been super lonely.
I (F24) am supposed to move in with my friend (M24) soon but have started developing feelings for him.
My Baby Mom is being suspicious
Dealing w/ Struggles and I’m trying to start a relationship soon
I (F24) am supposed to move in with my friend (M24) soon but have started developing feelings for him.
i have a feeling that im meant to be with someone that i barely know??
My LDR (18) keeps insisting on hooking up with people and It destroys me psychologically (18), your suggestions?
My mother refuses to apologize and insists me and ny sister are just abusive and controlling.
In a very abusive relationship and need help ASAP
Ever since fiancé left me for no reason my life sucks
Need help for safety
Wrong expectations? (M24)
My (22F) fiancé's (26M) Ex-Friend (24M) is trying to break us up because I don't like him back
Right person, wrong time...
Right person, wrong time?
Have you ever had to help your lady insert a tampon? I did this morning and it was weird and fun also.......... vaseline. Tell me about your experiences
i broke up with my boyfriend because i didn’t feel the same way and even though i’m horribly sad about it i know i made the right decision
To date or not to date...
Why does my ex stare at me all the time
Wrong expectations? (M24)
Me (30) and I have a fantasy about messing around with a MD , a co worker at the hospital.
Keep getting ghosted
Has anyone else been in this wedding planning thoughts faze?
How do I breakup with a friend????
I know it’s a long shot... BUT I really want to screw around with a MD... ;)
Keep getting ghosted
How does one end a friendship
I (22M) don't know how to help my girlfriend (21F) cope with us being apart
Help with girls very urgent please
Keep getting ghosted
Fiancé just flipped out drunk telling me no one knows my stories because I’m not from here and I need to focus on my weight... ummmm ya great... good stuff! HA!
I 21(M) have become increasingly insecure and possessive over my gf of 6 months 21(F)
How do I [23/F] talk to my boyfriend [26/M] about feeling like his friends don’t like me?
a
How to I [23/F] talking to my bf [23/M] about feeling like his friends don’t like me?
Long Distance Lovers?
Sex after dry spell
Is he using me for attention or is it real
Help with girls please
Sex after a dry spell
Am I being used for attention or does he actually care
Do you guys care if your current partner ”likes” exes photos on social media?
Long Distance BS
Will this marriage make it through the pandemic? 50 married female
My mom told me a secret and I don’t know how to cope.
My Girlfriend has a really stressful job and I am developing control issues.
Help with girls please
My mom told me a secret and I have no one to talk to
Space during quarantine? 50 married female
What are some bad qualities that have been brought out while in a relationship?
(20F) should I feel guilty about breaking up with boyfriend (20M)
How do i use the no contact rule if we agreed to be friends?
How to deal with first date jitters
My GF (20F) Has hit me (20M)
Feeling bad about breaking up with bf
My (22M) and my girl’s (23F) anniversary is coming up but we’re under quarantine so restaurants and most of our plans were affected. Any ideas on how to celebrate during the pandemic?
My (34F) husband (35M) of 10 years announced he is leaving our family (8F, 6M) tomorrow
Not wanting to be friendly with cheating ex and girlfriend
Men's mental health
Should I be friends with cheating ex and girlfriend?
Why am I so easily attracted to every girl I meet, but when I get in a relationship I don’t like it as much as I thought I would?
Found my boyfriend texting another girl asking for less tame photos
Mens mental health
How much is too much to disagree about...
My (17 F) boyfriend (19 M) told me that I trigger his anxiety and I do not know what to do now. Please help!
Am I too needy?
How do I [17f] talk with my boyfriend [22m] about wanting to meet his friends?
My ex messaged me after 4 years, I’ve been getting mixed signals
Am I being too needy?
My (17 F) boyfriend (19 M) told me that I trigger his anxiety and I do not know what to do now. Please help!
My ex messaged me after 4 years, I’ve been getting mixed signals
My (M30) wife (F24) keeps doing things behind my back and is making our money problems worse
Let Go Of Being Controlling
What can I do
My (21f) girlfriend (23f) cries during sex
How often to text new person
Let Go Of Being Controlling
My old friend is my ex, roommate, and FWB all in one?
please read and help if you can
What was your experience like picking a friendship over pursuing someone romantically?
My wife had a miscarriage this morning. We spent the day grieving together but I have no idea what to do this weekend. Any suggestions how we can spend the next two days not lying in bed crying?
(22, F) Guy I’m interested has a history of cheating.
I was wondering if I could get help with something
I [19M] want to overcome motion sickness from playing certain games to bond better with my GF [20]...
How do I [17f] talk with my boyfriend [22m] about wanting to meet his friends?
Mother of my children is flat out ignoring/lying to me
I was wonder if I could get some help
gofundme.com/211pi4s2ao
Relationship of 2.5 years just ended and I (23F) am lost.
I [M17] am worried about disappointing my parents [41F, 42M].
How Can I (18F) Reach Out?
Should i talk to him?
Relationship of 2.5 just ended and I (23F) am lost.
I'm (24M) going to see an ex (23F) tomorrow and I'm nervous.
What was your experience like picking a friendship over pursuing someone romantically?
Balancing independence and being in a relationship (21yo)
My [27M] ex-girlfriend [27F] of 3 years keeps trying to contact me - she is married and it has been 6 years since the relationship ended.
I am going through a phase of resenting my spouse. Seeking advice.
Me [M 23] Founded out girl I have been talking to for months is still using dating apps
I keep getting into relationships with people I dont care about for the attention but I have trouble breaking up.
What defines being a "touchy person" versus downright cheating in a relationship?
When in long marriages, is it normal to ebb and flow in the love department?
Does this message (If sent to you by someone), make you feel better about yourself?
How to break up with your boyfriend that is also your best friend
My S.O. (M/37) plays D&D every Friday night vs. Hanging out with his hot wife (F/32). WITHOUT FAIL
I’m 14 and my dad is leaving
Is it okay for your partner to have sex with you whilst you are sleeping?
I don’t know if I should feel like scum for doing this
She was my first "true" g/f...but it ended and I don't know how
We aren’t together currently but want to retry, but I don’t know what to do while I wait for him?
My SO (M/37) play D&D every Friday night instead of hang out with hot wife (F/32). Wtf!
I (32M) hit my ex-girlfriend (32F) and she got me arrested. The police do not believe me when I say she was asking to be hit, and I am looking at extensive charges. What can I do to get her to tell the truth?
My(22m) friend(20f) said she needed space because of how I've been treating her.
How do i communicate more effectively?
I (21 female)need help buying an anniversary gift for my boyfriend(25 male) of 2 years
Person I have been talking to for past three months sitll on dating apps?
Unable to communicate small issues
We aren’t together currently but want to retry, but I don’t know what to do while I wait for him?
My breakup was painful. She was my first "True" g/f and I still don't know why things ended.
Camping with work friend for cuddles
Is it okay for your partner to have sex with you whilst you sleep?
My friend(30F) is upset with me, should I(30F) apologize?
My(13M) fear of men is affecting my schooling.
We see his ex a couple of times
My best friend fucked my old boyfriend while I was dating him
My SO (M/37) loves D&D more than pussy (F/32)
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like
My (25f) now ex bf (25m) got caught flirting on snapchat with my son's 13 year old cousin.
I'm not sure what to do. My (22M) girlfriend (F20) of three years left abruptly. I don't want to lose her
My (25f) now ex bf(25m) got caught snapchatting my son's 13 yrd old cousin.
Missing an old friend - Don't know if I should reach out
my boyfriend broke up with me unexpectedly and the situation is odd and i don’t know what to do because i still love him and i don’t want to give up on it.
How do I (21M) sleep with an old friend (20F)?
Boyfriend is very politically influenced
How to sleep with an old friend
Finding it extremely difficult to communicate with my mom
What defines being a "touchy person" versus downright cheating in a relationship?
Guys and twitter
Boyfriend [20M] wants expensive gift, I [20F] don't want to spend that much
Male Friend Made Creepy Move
What a situation
My ex still blames for everything & I cant seem to get over it.
My [29F] boyfriend [22M] of 4 years has the most sporadic sleeping schedule ever.
My (22F) BF (22M) is best friends with an abuser.
Why does my SO love D&D more than pussy?
Male Friend Creeped Me Out
4 yrs and despondent
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like
WFH is destroying everything we (30m/30f) have
Use Siri
¿Como le fue a la chica mas linda en su colegio?
Male Friend Creeped Me Out
I (26F) don't know how to move forward with my boyfriend (31M)
Guys on reddit! What are those things girls do that you love?
4 years and despondent
I (26F) don't know how to move forward with my boyfriend (31M)
Cheating ???
Cheating ??
Should I let my GF know that I feel uncomfortable/don't like her friends?
Should I let my GF know that I feel uncomfortable/don't like her friends?
I [19F] had an inappropriate relationship with my step-brother [18M] then I started seeing another guy. I think my step-brother is upset
Mildly disabled husband (45M) recently said he would like to quit working so he could stay out home. He would like me (31F) to be the sole provider, even though I have a disability of my own and already work 40-50 hours per week.
Tomorrow, I (M34) will break up with my girlfriend (f27) of a year and I'm really happy about it
I was so excited, now I’m worried
I'm not sure if I should or how to confront my bf about my boundaries and something that's been bothering me.
My wife has become skinny fat and I find it difficult to find her sexually attractive
I think my dad is mentaly abusing me, but Im not sure...
My [22F] social anxiety is ruining relationships
I (21F) think my independence ruined my relationship (21M)
Hook up (m35) squeezes my (f23) breasts until they bruise and I am skeptical
(25f) how to walk away from a hookup with (25m) when you have feelings
I'm not sure if I should or how to confront my bf about my boundaries and something that's been bothering me.
The internet has turned my (F24) mother (F62) into a delusional nutcase. Is there anything I can do to save her?
Should I have broken up with my boyfriend because he didn’t want me around?
My black coworker (23m) is against BLM and I'd (32f) like some advise
My (23f) boyfriend (28m) convinced me to move to a "nicer" neighborhood, but I hate it. I also feel like he looks down on my old neighborhood.
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like.
Come subscribe to my onlyfans! We can chat, sends pics and a lot more😘😘 only $12!!
My (33F) partner (36M) uses my face products (together 1yr)
my (f18) relationship is making my anxiety worse, and it’s probably time to end it, even though that’s not what i want.
Neeed to vent ☹️
Guys - how many of you would consider "missionary only", no oral/anal, jusr PIV, a deal breaker?
I think our wedding might be cancelled, if we don’t break up that is
What is it called when you're constantly thinking of experiencing things through your boyfriends viewpoint/mind? Is that a mental thing/codependency situation? (both 21)
I (21F) need help supporting my partner (22M) during his depressive episode.
I (F/21) told my boyfriend (M/22) I would leave him if he started working for his family again.
A woman [20] I [40] had sex with is back with a vengeance and I need advice on how to handle it
Me (19M) Having Severe Anxiety With Ex-Partner (20M)
My friend [F25] told me she can't recognize me from the person I [F23] used to be. I feel completely lost
I (17M) need advice on how to get my ex (17F) back.
I (17M) need advice on how to get my ex (17F) back.
Recent fights with my boyfriend have me confused about his feelings toward me.
*UPDATE* I am in disbelief and can't even to begin to process my BF's request and I don't know where to go from here.
Am I incapable?
I (21F) need help supporting my partner (22M) through his depressive episode.
*UPDATE* I am in disbelief and can't even to begin to process my BF's request and I don't know where to go from here.
Weird feelings after bumping into my (F 27) ex (M 32)
I (31f) Need Advice About Boyfriend (32m) and Open Relationship -
How to message someone online?
Is this normal behaviour from my (28, F) male work colleague (52, M)?
College relationship being affected by quarantine
How to message someone online?
I (20F) am struggling with reaching out to an ex (22M) before it’s too late
What would you do if u feel like y love is not the same? W. been tgth for 10 years. We met when we were 18 and been tgth thins there. We are not married, don’t have kids. I’ don’t think marriage solve the problem. I was tinkling to move away from him/her to think idk.What would you do? Pls help
How to message somebody online?
I (20F) am struggling with reconnecting with an ex (22M) before it’s too late
I (21F) need help with supporting my partner (22M) during his depressive episode
What do I (33F) do about my suddenly unstable sister in law (36F)?
My dad (49M) thinks that we should still wipe boxes down, take showers right after coming home from anywhere, and wash plastic bags with food in them even if there's a vaccine developed for COVID-19 and it's infected rates go down. I (14M) disagree that we should continue this lifestyle forever.
How to smessage someone online?
Opening a credit card, mom against it
Boyfriends [30m] response to ‘I feel like you’re not attracted to me’
What do I (33F) do about my suddenly unstable sister in law (36F)?
Recently finally ended a long saga with my crush (in a good way)
Opening a credit card, mom against it
Advice for removing a roommate nicely.
Boyfriends [30m] response too: ‘I feel like you’re not attracted to me’
College relationship hurting and don't know if it's solely because of quarantine
Fuck you
My (24/F) boyfriend (25/M) is black and hates the BLM movement and gets angry whenever I mention it
Girlfriend cries when I sleep
Nicknames you didn’t know about your partner gave you
NICKNAMES YOU DIDNT KNOW YOU HAD
Removing roommate from lease.
What's the worst way you broke up with someone?
My girlfriend cries when I sleep
Looking for resources on how I (white F30s) can support my aunt (black F50s)
My friend keeps posting other people’s pictures without face showing pretending they are of her...
A cat-astrophe with my housemate
My (24/F) boyfriend (25/M) is black and hates the BLM movement and gets angry whenever I mention it
Scared for the boy I like
Hated by in-laws for doing favour for brother-in-law
My ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend: am I being weird about it?
Housemate cat-astrophe
Me [29 M] with a girl [24 F] I've been facetime dating for 1 month, COVID Dating issue: we are finally going to be able to meet in person... But she told me something today that makes me rethink it all.
Me(22f) and bf(22m) always argue about a close friend (guy) of mine
Scared for my boyfriend
Are other women’s panties a dealbreaker??
Just one simple question that I need answered
Is this a deal breaker? Panties in a box
My [26M] wife [26F] and I fight over household chores al the time. How do we stop?
Gf versus family
Crazy existence
What would you do?
Is it ok to leave a LT relationships during a flirt that my partner accepted but refused later?
My [26M] wife [26F] constantly fight over household chores. How do we stop?
My (35m) girlfriend (35f) broke up with me because she thinks I am interested in a 60 year old woman.
Me(21F) and my boyfriend (22M) always argue about a close friend of mine
My F(17) mother F(49) constantly drinks and becomes verbally abusive, I’ve cried myself to sleep twice.
I (24F) don't know if I had made the right choice about (31M) , together 2 months.
I (26f) need help uplifting my boyfriend (27m)
I like someone a lot but can’t be in a relationship right now. What do I say to them?
I like someone a lot, but I can’t be someone’s partner right now
I like this person a lot, but I’m not ready for a relationship
My (21F) boyfriend (25M) doesn't make me a priority. What do I do about it?
My F(17) mother (49) constantly drinks and causes verbally abusive arguments, which she denies the next day, I’ve cried myself to sleep twice.
Is it ok to breakup my relationship while I already started flirting with someone else after letting my partner know?
Wrong expectations?
Should I (26 F) be worried that my bf (27 M) has been recently searched multiple times for a former Co-worker, who had a huge crush on him, on FB?
Monster Girlfriend
Please help me.
I need help.
Worrying about what my ex's family thinks of me
How can i get my bestfriend back
Worrying constantly about what my ex's family thinks of me
I (24F) am exclusive with a guy (31M) and things have been very dramatic.
Annoying Roommate Causing potential relationship problems
I (17M French) don't want to leave my boyfriend (21M British)
Annoying Roommate Causing potential relationship issues
My (22m) gf (22f) of 2 years recently started getting mad at me over minor things
My (34M) girlfriend (28F) is getting in the way of our relationship and she won't do anything about it
My (19F) sister (31F) told me I either break up with my boyfriend (29M) or I can forget about her
Donating sperm to your ex baby mamma.??
What would you do?
WHAT
What would you do?
What would you do?
I (24 f) virtually "met" a guy (25 m) and then things got weird. Is it stupid to wait for him?
I (f23) stopped speaking to my mother(f51), is it a good idea?
I (24f) virtually "met" someone (25m) and then things got complicated...should I wait for him?
What would you do?
Are there any 23+ people that have never been in a relationship but you’ve had situationships and partners?
I (25 F) am thinking of moving back in with my parents rather than continuing to live with my boyfriend (26 M). Should I?
Girlfriend Bikini
I (17M French) can't bring myself to leave my boyfriend (21M British)
My (27F) daughter (10F) is extremely upset about her brother (0M) circumcision and she is angry at me because of it - help?
Will I be okay?
Should I feel guilty for cancelling plans?
I (22M) really hate my girlfriend’s (22F) parents
My SO is silent about anti racism and I’m trying not to be offended
My (19M) Target disaster with gf (19F)
I tried to be friends with my ex but he basically catfished me, what should I do?
I feel like my neighbor [F/37] is taking advantage of me [M/40] and my neighborly spirit. The latest episode of her using my apartment without permission has my head spinning.
I (25 F) am thinking of moving back in with my parents rather than continuing to live with my boyfriend (26 M).
how to go back to being friends after falling for your bestfriend ?
My ex reached out, why did he do this and how to respond and if so what with?
My (19M) Target disaster with gf (19F)
Should I [21f] end things with my [24m] boyfriend because of Quarantine?
I (f/19) recently lost (once again) all my feelings for a really nice guy (m/20) that liked me back, for no apparent reason. Can someone explain why this thing has happened more than once and why I can't find a way to finally like someone without living in fear of losing feelings once again?
I (M20) want to break up with my girlfriend (F19) but she doesn't. Won't stop crying and threatens to self harm. Advice needed.
I (M20) and my girlfriend (F20) recently broke up after a heated argument. But she doesn't really accept the break up and talks about it everyday on the phone and keeps crying. Today she threw hints as to how she would do something to herself but wouldn't blame me. I need advice.
When to break up
Should I [21f] end things with my [24m] boyfriend over Quarantine?
I think relationship are not my thing
I [23F] am uncomfortable with my BF’s [24M] modding habits. Should I address this with him?
I (16M) feel like my girlfriend (16F) doesn’t wanna be in the relationship
how to go back to being friends with your bestfriend after falling for her ?
I (36 F) can't get over him (42 M)
Single people of reddit, even though you always complain and want/ask for a relationship, have you ever tried being in a relationship with someone(or be interested in them), but out of nowhere, you lose every single trace of feelings that you had a few days ago?
I (25F) am an abuser in relationship stuck in mental hospital after maniac episode
When to break up
Can you help by being a part of a great birthday surprise?
I [20M] have no idea where I am at with my crush [25F] and how to proceed
What do you do when you move on from an ex, and then start catching feelings for them again?
I [F19] don’t know whether to break up with him [M24] or stay and keep working on it
How to Address A Neighbor Who Takes Advantage of Me
22gf misses her ex please help
My boyfriend has really bad nose bleeds. He refused to get it looked at. I (26F) am at a loss.
What is it supposed to be like long-term?
Why do some people get even angrier when I stay calm/look emotionless when they yell?
how to fo back to being friends after falling in love with your bestfriend ?
Is being engaged before moving in together asking too much?!?
I think my gf has been drugging me help
My (23/F) father (47/M) thinks I may not be his child
Should I end it
how to go back to being friends after falling in love ?
Am I (20F) being abusive and controlling to my boyfriend (23m)?
How to text her more often, out of the blue? And does she like me?
No-Label Dilemma
My brother [M21] won't do his chores unless I[F22] ask him to do them first
I've (31F) started to resent my boyfriend (32M) since our move.
I (M,21) have massive trust issues and its ruining my relationship with my gf(f,22)
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) told me that I should be more passionate with him one day after a big fight.
No-Label Relationship Dilemma
Movies w Healthy Relationships
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) told me I should me more affective with me, one day after a big fight we had.
Movies with Healthy Relationships
Looking to apologize to someone. I have no way to contact this person. I only have their name.
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) wants me to be affective after a huge fight, and I don't know what to do.
Trust issues are ruining my relationship (m,21) (f,22)
How do you know when to walk away?
How to text her more often, out of the blue?
My [M18] best friend [F18] and crush confessed her feelings for me, but it’s not gone well since.
How should I (F23) support my boyfriend (M24) after his father's (M59) death?
Need advice on trying to come out and live with gf
I'm (M27) in an 7 year relationship (F25) but still think about a girl I used to work with (F25)
Toxic friend
how to go back to being friends again after being in love with your bestfriend ?
Advice on how to live with girlfriend with non supportive family
I'm (M27) in an 7 year relationship (F25) but still think about a girl I used to work with (F25)
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
Did she read the message or not?
Toxic friend
Was message to wife of cheating husband read?
Me(20f) being really insecure about myself and having an sociall anxiety is making my bf(25m) tired (maybe?)
How do I (20m) tell a girl(24f) I just started hanging out with she is a rebound for me
should i (22F) cut off my friend (21F)
I’m stuck
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
How should I (F20) support my boyfriend (M20) with OCD?
overprotective: good or bad?
21F need relationship advice
I (24F) need a break from the depressing stories - please share your positive relationship experiences! :)
My Mother Thinks My Boyfriend Sent Me Fashion Magazines As A Way To Get Me To Dress Better
Do girls actually like nice guys!? Also why do they always take it slow with them?
Girlfriends sex drive
wlw, polyamoury break up
HELP: I'm (F24) in love with my best friend (M24) and can't tell if he feels the same??
Broke up with my bf (21 m) of a few months and asked after when we can start talking again. (25 f)
Started back communicating
Did I [32M] make things awkward with this woman [35F]? Or am I fine?
Broke up with my boyfriend (21 m) of a few months (25 f)
Need a break from the depressing stories - please share your positive relationship experiences! :)
She texts me but won’t meet up in person :/
Red Flags: Toxic people tactics for emotional abuse
She texts me but won’t meet up in person?
I (16M) am looking to ask out my crush (16F) but I’m really struggling with how I should do it.
I'd like advice from anyone with OCD/dating someone with OCD?
Red Flags: Toxic people tactics for emotional abuse
Texting me but won’t meet in person?
Secretive boyfriend..
I(20f) feel like my boyfriend (22m) doesn't like playing games with me
HELP: I'm (24F) in love with my best friend (24M) and I can't tell if he feels the same??
Looking for advice on how to not have such negative feelings about my wife’s past
Girlfriend said I “emotionally neglected” her because I did not call her before her doctors appointment today. Please help.
How to get my ex/bestfriend back?
I (20f) feel like my long distance boyfriend (22m) doesn't like playing games with me
my [20m] girlfriend [18f] posted nudes on reddit despite promising me not to
Me [29M] with my girlfriend [30F] of 8 years, is not the same person I met.
My (23f) boyfriend (26m) is convinced his friend in prison for something terrible is innocent-to me it feels unlikely
I (16M) am looking to ask out my crush (16F) but I’m really struggling with how I should do it.
My boyfriend and I have been having troubles ever since quarantine started.. need advice (21F)
My [17 F] twin brother(m also 17) is having lies told about him and his reputation ruined because of his body type preferences. I want to help but i dont know what to do.
My boyfriend will not let me go
I (32F) am a fairly politically outspoken person and my husband (33M) asked me not to comment or post in our local Facebook group because his co-workers might see it.
I (22F) want to leave my boyfriend (22M) as I suspect he cheated on me with the same girl who started “rumors” of him cheating on me with her - if that isn’t obvious
I (22F) want to leave my boyfriend (22M) of 5 years but don’t know how
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
Aspy sister [11 F] suffered something traumatic and hasn't communicated verbally in over a week. Is there anything I [24f] can do for her?
My family is racist and I don't know how to handle it. Please Help.
S/O cheated on me
First Time Couples Therapy-Virtual [27F/29M]
How to move on 24F
S/O cheated on me
Fiancé is more attracted to other people than me
First time couple’s therapy [27F/29M] Virtual Session?
My [17 F] twin brother(m also 17) is having lies told about him and his reputation ruined because of his body type preferences. I want to help but i dont know what to do.
The relationship between my (20F) sister (29F) is completely ruined
how to move on?
How to move on from a toxic friend?
My long-distance bf [M24] can't listen to me [F27] without an opinion. Is this the end of the relationship?
My fiance [M/31] gets stressed so easily and it puts him in a bad mood to the point where I'm [F/29] always dealing with it and being treated like it's my fault?
Why did you cheat?
Me (28f) am at a loss with husband (37m)
I’m stuck
Tips on how to handle my conservative Arab mom after telling her my bf is moving in?
[30F] Found out I got Herpes, which I have a phobia to. Fiance [30M] not emotionally supportive. LDR
I’m stuck
Father's jealousy
Should I (30m) forgive the drivers who hit my mother (58m) ?
Told my Christian Arab mom that My boyfriend is moving in august
I plan to breakup with my boyfriend today, but maybe just for a week.
I (35/f) am seeing a repeated dating trend right now and I don't know how to approach it
My (19F) little sister (16F) spends a lot of time alone with an older male friend (23M). Should I be worried?
Something as simple as coloured contacts could change a guy?
[26F] Found out I have Herpes
Should I (30M) forgive them?
Teeanage attractions
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
My (f30's) coworker (m40's) refuses to talk about our mutual crush
Feel insecure about girlfriend checking out a popular cosplayer for a gaming character she likes. What can I do to deal with it? (23M) (22F)
My (30f) mother (55f) is insisting on coming to my doctor appts with me.
My boyfriend of almost 3 years acts single on social media
My (30F) mother (55f) is insisting on coming to my doctor appts with me
Coping
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
I am very saddddddd
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else...
Our move to the US is going brilliantly for him and awfully for me. We’re discussing coming home but how can we make this decision when we are having such polar opposite experiences with no obvious compromise?
Apologizing to my Ex-Best Friend
Apologizing to my Ex-Best Friend
How to feel more comfortable with my partner keeping a gun in the house?
what do i get for my one year anniversary
I (24F) met someone (24M) online, then in person, and don’t know how to move forward
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] doesn't make eye contact and it bothers me
I feeel verryyy sadddd
My first Gf
My first Gf
I feeel damn saddddd
Is a relationship a competition?
My first Gf
My (24M) girlfriend (22F) talks way too much, how do I get her too shut up sometimes?
Asking for advice
Know Your Worth
Know Your Worth
my (21 f) boyfriends (27 m) new roommates are really loud when having sex and im not sure how to deal with it.
How can I feel more comfortable with my partner owning a gun?
Asking for advice
Need advice what should I do.
!!Need help!! Damage payment problem
Boyfriend (24M) ghosted me out of 2 year relationship (23F)
Know your worth
Know your worth
Processing a toxic relationship years later
Boyfriend (24M) ghosted me out of 2 year relationship (23F)
Just an advice: Know your worth
Processing a toxic relationship years later
Is it possible to like someone with little communication?
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) is very logical to the point where I am left unsure
I [25M] feel guilty for not wanting to date [24F] SO
Why should we keep it as secret or private?
I keep questioning the relationship every couple weeks.
I [27 M] know my friend [26 M] cheated on his gf [25 F], he only told a select few people, he later broke it off "due to quarantine and distance".
How Do You Handle Controlling People?
Cheating Brother-in-Law
sign to get better with conversations or are we just drifting apart?
My (M, 20) best friend (M, 21) stabbed me in the back years ago and I still can't get over it.
My partner wants to move to be near me, but I’m feeling pressure!
I have social anxiety and my bf wants me to meet with his friends, i am so nervous and afraid to loose him bc of my anxiety
I want to post asking advice about a potentially emotionally abusive girlfriend (23), but I’m scared.
How do I (20M) tell a girl (24f) that I just started hanging with she is a rebound
I [25M] feel guilty about not wanting to date [24F] SO
How to builder deeper and stronger friendships?
Roommate ignoring other roommate
Boyfriend starts and stops sex whenever HE feels like?
I [25M] think I am asking a girl [24F] to be my gf out of guilt
Ok, my dad (M50) finally did it. It's so uncomfortable.
How do I (20M) tell a girl (24f) that I just started hanging out with she is a rebound
How Do You Handle Controlling People?
Is being in the same "IQ range" a must or I just don't love her?
WAS I (21 F) sexually manipulated by my friend (22 M)
I (28M) am confused about my relationship/situationship with someone (26F), and I’m looking for advice on how to proceed.
How do I(20M) tell a girl(24f) I just started hanging out with, that she is a rebound
I recently asked a girl out and she asked me to give her a few weeks to decide. I don't whether know Should I be worried or not?
Love Fest
I’m hanging out with my crush tomorrow but I don’t really know what we would do due to the lockdown. Anyone have any ideas?
My recent ex has been going to my gym
I (25F) am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (23F). Lack of romance, mental illnesses, and unsupportive families are causing me to worry about our relationship.
My boyfriend (26F) has been caught on Tinder
Quarantine sealed the vault to my engagement forever
My (28F) boyfriend (26M) shuts me down when I show passion or emotion
I (25F) am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (23F). Lack of romance, mental illnesses, and unsupportive families are causing me to worry about our relationship.
After a break-up, should he still be going to my gym?
Leaving a toxic relationship
Boyfriend starts and stops sex whenever HE feels like?
My Best Friend Wants But Cannot Feel Romantic Love?
Can I get an f in the chat
So I have this story where to help my wife get even for me accidentally kissing my whore college friend on new years eve, I allowed her to kiss one of her coworkers just once while I was there to monitor it. Yea. It turned out into a disaster, proving again "Nice guys" are manipulative snakes
HELP
My (m24) Best Friend (m25) Wants But Can’t Feel Love?
HELP
How does the new coronavirus spread? As of now, researchers know that the new coronavirus is spread through droplets released into the air when an infected person coughs or sneezes. The droplets generally do not travel more than a few feet, and they fall to the ground (or onto surfaces) in a few
I need advice.
I (30f) don't know if I should end a longstanding FWB (25M)
My partner wants to move for me, but I’m feeling pressure!
Do i deserve to have a brake every once in a while?
My (19 F) Boyfriend (19M) can’t understand that we are not the same
I need advice.
Do I deserve to sleep in and relax?
Is it too soon to be thinking of marriage?
I [25m] am thinking of breaking quarantine in nyc to hook up with a girl I met on tinder. One of my roommates is immunocompromised. Not sure what to do.
I (28F) broke up with my BF (31M) and regret it everyday.
I [25] am thinking of breaking quarantine to hook up with a girl I met on tinder. One of my roommates is immunocompromised. Not sure what to do.
How soon is *too* soon to consider marrying?
Tl;DR : Am I [19M] okay to approach situations with [18+F] by teasing?
I [19M] want to know if I am being rational of how I want to approach [18+F]
Two types of people
How can I (19f) get my sister (7f) to be nice to my mother (50f) and stop being defiant?
I (25F) caught my boyfriend (26M) on Tinder.
Partner can't handle me anymore, wants to take break, talks to other people more than talks to me
Am I overthinking?
I’m upset that my boyfriend told me one of his friends called me “big” and he that he also didn’t defend me.
My bf [26/M] of 9 years can’t face the things he’s done and it’s frustrating me so much when I [26/F] try to have a conversation about it
My (30sM) mother (60sF) was scammed. She lied to my father (60sM) about it for months before he found out. Now their relationship is in tatters, how can I help them repair it?
Girlfriend re-framed my sentence in a negative way and not accepting the truth.
Am I overthinking this?
SO slept with best friend and I want to know how to salvage the friendship?
Boyfriend (M26) is becoming unbearable
Roommate’s overnight visits during pandemic
My girlfriend [22f] kept calling me [21m] by the first name in bed last night. What was that about?
My girlfriend [21F] kept calling me [21m] by my first name in bed last night. What was that about?
Is it ever morally okay to communicate your weight preferences to your partner?
Roommate no longer social distancing after meeting someone new, I’m not comfortable with it
I want to make my boyfriend's mother feel bad?
ways to get out of your breakup distress
My gf used my finger whilst asleep to look through my phone
My girlfriend is blaming me for all of our past problems and gets triggered over it every other day
I want to make my (22f) boyfriend's (24m) mom (~60f) feel bad?
My boyfriends mental health is just getting worse and worse and idk how to help him
How to breakup with someone cleanly (F20, M25)
I (18f) cut off a bad friend (18f) but now it's her time of need and I don't know if I should help her
I (28m) am not sure on how to move forward with my relationship with my gf (29f) when it seems the past just keeps on messing with us.
Am I (20F) being controlling and needy to my boyfriend (23M)
My (30) boyfriend (32) seems to be in frequent contact with his ex’s family but denies it
Boyfriend (23M) of almost a year is upset with me (23F) because of my reaction to BLM and the protests.
How can I [25 M] fairly discuss my apprehension to my girlfriend [24 F] of four years about her plans for a tattoo
I feel bad impending breakup
My boyfriend (23M) keeps getting upset with me (23F) about my reactions to BLM movement and the protests.
My [27F] partner [30M] of 5 years refuses to move in unless my business succeeds
Can therapy solve my problems ?
boyfriend slept with someone before we were exclusive and gave me an std
Was My Boss in Love with Me?
Should I reach out to my father or wait for him to apologise?
GF did nude photoshoots
Does it mean anything that my (25F) husband (26M) has started exercising?
GF did a nude photoshoot
How do I (25F) go about telling my boyfriend (27M) of 2 years that I quit my job?
Did I Miss the Signs?
Advice needed: should I reach out to my father or leave it?
Did I Miss the Signs?
I(19F) am having a hard time beliving my 8 months LDR boyfriend(26M)
What is the biggest problem that you were able to overcome in a relationship?
A message to myself (23f) post breakup: day 7
I (f19) feel like i might damage my brother(2) with how i’m helping raise him
He (M,32) calls my (F, 30) opinions/feelings dumb,stupid. Is this okay during an argument?
I [23F] love my girlfriend and I don’t think she [21F] loves me as much
I don’t have any confidence and I am depressed
My ex wants to keep in contact. Should I do it?
While broken up my ex slept with my arch enemy
He (M,32) calls my (F, 30) opinions/feelings dumb,stupid. Is this okay during an argument?
While broken up, my ex slept with my arch enemy
I [25M] was dumped by my cheating ex [22F]
While broken up, my ex slept with my arch enemy
My boyfriend (23/M) is moving to another state on Monday and I (21/F) am trying to prepare for long distance
I (23m) hate my girlfriend’s (25f) friends
I (23M) have completely fallen for a girl (23F) who sends me mixed signals, has a boyfriend, and makes me go completely brain dead. Now I live with her and desperately want help figuring out what she wants and what I should do.
How long do I [f/26] wait for things to get better with partner [m/29]? (not abusive)
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues and is abusive (pt 2). I can't help but feel I should have stuck by and helped her more with her problems.
I’m in a relationship with a man 28 years older than me
I 23m) hate my girlfriends (25f) friends
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues and is abusive (pt 2). I can't help but feel I should have stuck by and helped her more with her problems.
I (23M) have completely fallen for a girl (23F) that is in a relationship, she knows how I feel and still asked me to move in with her.
My [46F] daughter’s [15F] 16th birthday is coming up in a month and I would like to torture her a bit
My (24F) BF (23M) searched for escorts in our city.
I (26F) need advice on talking to my sister (21F) about her weight
My (24F) BF (23M) searched for escorts in our city
My friend wants us to hide our friendship due to his GF's jealousy
Need a reality check, my [31F] SO’s [27M] best friend [20’sF] never makes an effort to know me
I am nobody’s bestfriend
Reasons why I (25f) want to break up with my boyfriend (23m)please give me advice
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] deleted me off of an app, but I feel like he’s not honest.
My (24f) husband’s (27m) brother (24m) won’t admit he’s often the problem
I (28M) Have recently felt like spicing up my intimacy with my wife (29F) but don't know what to try
I (22 F) am not sure if I want to see my boyfriend (24 M) post quarantine
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] claims his broken screen deleted me off of a social media app but i think it’s for another reason.
Pissed off.
I (27F) can’t cook for my SO (30M)
Close friend gets into a car accident with me. Puts a strain on our friendship.
15m having issues with friendship regarding my 15f friend
Any advice on this? Car accident.
Any advice on this relationship? Car accident.
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] swore at me after making a light-hearted joke; was I just being insensitive or are there deeper problems?
My BF (M25) is intimidated by my vibrator.
I [18/M] clowned and made a joke about my best friend’s [19/M] mom [40s/F]. I am visiting him soon and I don’t know if I should apologize or act like it never happened?
Who’s the cook in your relationship?
Something to think about.
My (25) boyfriend (24) is scaring me with some of his political views
My [28F] boyfriend [28M] doesn’t think what he’s doing is hurtful/wrong, so I’m doing it back to him.
Female friend (26) being for demanding for very small, unimportant looking things. Don't know if I (F28) should fight her request and get blamed for causing trouble for no apparent reason or try to find excuses for why I will not do what I'm being told. Is she trying to establish dominance?
Fights over setting boundaries with my [28F] gf's [24F] parents [65]
People in relationships have an overly high opinion of themselves
wondering if this is normal?
My boyfriend doesn’t think what he’s doing is hurtful/wrong, so I’m doing it back to him.
How do I tell “Sarah” (f20) I (M21) dont wanna face time but I am still trying to pipe
Verbal bullying
Verbal bullying
Need advice on mental health affecting relationship
People in relationships have an overly high opinion of themselves
Is it possible to if I’m showing signs of not ready to be in a relationship but love the person so much?
My Boyfriend (M24) doesn't understand why I'm (F19) afraid of fleas
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) sent nudes to another girl
FWB acts like a boyfriend but mentioned he doesn’t do relationships
Do I (19F) need to tell my BF (21M) that I'm having second thoughts about our relationship?
Years later, I just realised my weird and wimpy ex boyfriend was a complete creep, and I dont know what to do
I think my gf doesn’t love me as much as she used to. Im in pain. When I ask her, she doesn’t say anything.
Why is it that most people are straight Or have straight relationships?
I (23M) fell for a girl my bestfriend had sex with. ( very long post, sorry )
New roommate is an alcoholic
Love lost with wife, need help
Umm what does he want?
Girlfriend of 5 years wants space to think, "confused"
My (30sM) mother (60sF) was scammed. She lied to my father (60sM) about it for months before he found out. Now their relationship is in tatters, how can I help them repair it?
23M Lost in what to do in his current situation with his GF
My wife is doesnt want to hang out with me
New roommate is an alcoholic
Love lost with wife, need help
I (f/29) was choked and forcefully made out with by old co worker (m/35). Idk what to do
How do I (19F) talk to my boyfriend (20M) about my past?
I (25f) want friends but feel limited because of relationship
Should I (26F) pay a greater portion of the grocery and takeout bill than my boyfriend (26M)?
Mom (60F) was scammed and lied to my dad (60M) about it. Their relationship is falling apart, how can I help them repair it?
I (25f) desperately want friends but feel like I can't in relationship
I (23M) fell for a girl my bestfriend had sex with. ( very long post, sorry )
Should I ignore these or see it as mild mental abuse?
concerned about my (21F) bf's (21M) remarks about different races
Can I trust my girlfriend after she’s done this?
Advice for my relationship found some text messages on her phone from her ex what should I do
I(19F) don't know how to tell my boyfriend (20M) about my childhood trauma
Advice for catching my girlfriend texting ex
I (35f) am sinking further and further into utter ruin with my despondent, lying, abusive boyfriend (36m)
For a friend (F27) - wants to leave ltr (7 years) but can't
Guy [22M] was very angry when I [23F] met up with him?
Girlfriends crazy parents (HELP)
I (31F) rejected my friend (27M) romantically again yesterday and he tried to kill himself tonight
For a friend (F27)
Boyfriend didn't talk it out.
I (16F) was harassed and my friend group (all 16F) is being inconsiderate of my feelings.
Am I 25f weird to be a little annoyed at my 26m boyfriend for getting coffee with his coworker?
One Side Love
One Side love
I'm so lonely
I am in a long distance relationship and i want to stop suffering from it! Need your help
My (25F) boyfriend (29M) is secretly using Tinder all the time to boost his ego.
My [21F] ex boyfriend [22F] saved my nudes without my consent when I was 16 and showed it to his friends. I found out 3 years later. What am I experiencing?
One Sided Love
My [21F] ex boyfriend [22F] saved my nudes without my consent when I was 16 and showed it to his friends. I found out 3 years later. What am I experiencing?
My (60M) Dad is threatening to kick me out unless I give him the name of my plug
Can someone please help me(22f) with how to approach my friend(23m)?
I regret.
Is it too soon?
Not really sure what to do - girlfriend said ‘we should split up’ then blocked me on everything.
Is it too soon?
Questions
Question
My (60M) Dad caught me smoking weed and is threatening (19M) to kick me out unless I give up my plugs number.
Lost my mom 2 months ago, feels like yesterday. How to cope with her lost hopes/dreams?
What did it feel like when you first met the person you’re with now?
I made a possible mistake
I [28/f] am new to dating apps and am having trouble figuring out if this guy [28/m] ive been talking to for a few weeks is into it or not.
I [19F] think I’m a pedophile
My boyfriend shaved his beard and HATES the way he looks
Is it a good idea to break up with bf of 8 years due to my low self esteem?
Pressure from parents, mom wants a grandchild [24]m
Is it a good idea to break up with my boyfriend of 8 years because of my low self esteem?
My bf shaved his beard and he HATES it
Is this snide sarcasm or did I misread?
I [24] is dating a [22] boyfriend who lacks emotional intelligence
I hate being single especially in times like this
I [19F] think I’m a pedophile
I (30f) accidentally got pregnant by a good friend's abusive boyfriend (31m)
If my girl kisses another girl, would it be the same as if i were to kiss another girl
I (F22) texted my boyfriend (M22) about my weight gain and he didnt say anything supportive.
Would it be a bad idea for me [33F] who practices strict social distancing to date a guy [39] who doesn’t do the same? We really like/care for one another.
Attractive best friend impacting my mental health
My (f17) brother (M21) and his gf (f17) are peer pressuring me into trying to smoke weed with them 😣😥
Game
My (f17) brother (M21) and his gf (f17) are peer pressuring me into trying to smoke weed with them 😣😥
My (21F) bf seems to not want me but he (20'sM) will not say anything.
Have I been catfished?
How to handle my boss?
Are my birthday expectations too high? what do I reply? (21F)
TL-DR Broke up with BF, Now showing intertest but being distant.
I (16M) can't stop crying myself to sleep
My bf [M/25] and I [F/24] fought about his extreme social distancing measures and now we're not talking. How can we solve this?
Advice on toxicity?
I (16M) can't stop crying myself to sleep and its hurting me
Do I wait a couple of months or just move on?
How to handle my boss?
My (23F) fiance (23M) doesn't want me to go to a hotel to cool off when were having an argument - I think it's a good way to cool off, he has his own opinions.
only admits feelings when drunk
Roommate getting gun despite me being uncomfortable
Only tells me feelings when he’s drunk and refuses to talk about it when sober
I can't stop crying myself to sleep and Its hurting me
my gf [20F] is struggling with her mental health and I’m [22F] having a hard time supporting her in the way she needs me to.
my gf [20F] is having a hard time with her mental health and I’m [22F] trying my best to be the partner she needs right now but I’m struggling with it.
How to let go of past family hurt? (21f)(50-55m/f)
I [M20] didn’t feel love until it was way too late with my LDR ex [F19]. How do I keep this from happening in the future and should I be able to move on quickly or not?
My gf is struggling with mental health problems and I don’t know how to help
I (20F) want to leave him (21M) for the third time. I fear that he has gotten more attached each time. How do I do this?
How quickly should I[M20] be able to move on? How do I know if I’m in love in the future? I’m so confused... [19F]
(25M) Obsessed over my ex a year later
I'm in an interracial relationship at a distance
Why is it that some people have never dated anyone before well into their adulthood? [Discussion]
I'm in an interracial relationship at a distance right now..
My relationship is interracial and I'm not sure what to do these days...
My boyfriend (24M) asked to see picture of my (23F) friend’s p*ssy.
I want to leave him for the third time. Each time he got more and more attached. How do I do this?
Why is it that some people have never dated anyone before well into their adulthood? [Discussion]
LDR : I (29f) gave my so (27m) a second chance after i confronted him about cheating.
Help? My boyfriend is keeping a secret from me.
When your boyfriend calls you lazy and a fat bi*ch even after losing 12 pounds (pics)🙃
He (39m) treats me (39f) so very poorly, but I am horrified by the thoughts of him moving on so I can't let go. HELP
Attractive best friend affecting my mental health
LDR : I (29f) gave my so (27m) a second chance after i confronted him about cheating.
What Should I do?
I(23F) need advice on how to have racial conversations with my (26M) partner.
Me (29m) and my gf (23F) in an LDR for 3 years
Am I a stalker? 23M (me) and 21F
Long-distance relationship my fiancee needs space and deletes me from FB
I (19F) love my boyfriend (19M) but I am not attracted to him. I think I need to break up with him, but I don't know how, or if I even should.
My (17f) boyfriend (23M) had some opinions on white privilege/racism that I don't know how to deal with.
Obsessed over an ex a year later
Uncomfortable with gf’s friend situation
I try to talk to my girlfriend about why she’s been acting distant and strange lately and it’s getting nowhere. I need advice on what to do..
I (27M) hooked up with trans woman (22F)earlier this week who is now living with me, my ex(27F) who just moved her things out and broke up with me at the end of last month called and wants to move back in, I don’t know what to do, please help
One of my ex boyfriends [21m] made me [23f] send him nudes. How do I get over the guilt?
Would it be cringey to sing my boyfriend "1 2 3 4" by the Plain White Tees as a little anniversary gift? [queue]
I (27M) hooked up with trans woman (22F)earlier this week who is now living with me, my ex(27F) who just moved her things out and broke up with me at the end of last month called and wants to move back in, I don’t know what to do, please help
Would it be cringey to sing my boyfriend "1 2 3 4" by the Plain White Tees as a little anniversary gift?
I (19F) love my boyfriend (19M) but I am not attracted to him. I think I need to break up with him, but I don't know how, or if I even should.
can anyone share their breakup stories?
"I (20F) keep losing my attraction/interest in my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship?"
Is it a red flag that my bf (31) has only dated girls 5-7 years younger than him?
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) doesn’t know if he loves me.
I (20F) keep losing my attraction/interest in my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship?
I (20F) keep losing my attraction to my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship
Is it a red flag that my bf (31) has only dated girls 5-7 years younger?
Am I a crazy girlfriend?
She clogged up my toilet
Not making me a priority
I think I might be gay (F18)
Do I (23F) break up with my BF (22M) of 4 years during a transitional moment in our lives?
Do I (23F) break up with my BF (22M) during a transitional moment in our lives?
I [M26] cheated on the love of my life [F27] and hid it. I started a relationship with the affair partner [F27] and cheated on her too before breaking up with her. Now the entire truth has come out.
I [20M] really don't understand my girl-friend [19F] anymore. What should we do?
I am in disbelief and can’t even begin to process my BFs request and don’t know where to go from here.
Daughter cutting
ended it with partner because she discussed my insecurities with her friends
I (16F) don’t know how to cope with my mom (48F).
Am I the Problem?
[M26] I cheated on the love of my life [F27], broke up and started a relationship with the affair partner [F27], cheated on her too, and now the entire truth has come out.
I (32F) having some issues around treats with my husband (36M)
Boyfriend (22M) just told me (21F) that we are done because the same thing will happen every time? How do I show him it’s different this time?
How do I approach my bosses about passing me up on a promotion without letting me know?
I'm a 22 year old guy. I have never had a girlfriend, although I'm somewhat trying now. How do I go about it?
My [22M] BF keeps blocking me on twitter
My girlfriend(22) and I(23) broke up over temporary long distance.
Boyfriend (22M) and me (21F) of 9 years are currently either broken up or about to take a break, has anyone had this issue with someone long term?
How do I[22F] make myself feel safe in my relationship?
23[M] may have stalked 21[F]
My girlfriend(22) and I(23) just broke up over temporary long distance
How do I[22F] learn to feel safe in my relationship?
I think my FWB is in a relationship?
My (28F) boyfriend (33M) thinks I still have feeling for my ex due to unresolved anger towards him.
I [29m] just had to perform cpr on my brother [33m] and I feel like a terrible brother
Is it possible to stay friends after a breakup?
23[M] may have stalked 21[F]
My(27M) girlfriend (24) was extremely upset that I asked for space due to her being extremely overbearing and retaliated by blocking me on social media then having her friends block me on social media as well.
I [29m] just had to perform cpr on my brother [33m] and I feel like a terrible brother
My close friend(m) is hooking up with my dead friend's (ex) partner(f) and I don't know how to feel or what to do
My cousin[28F] burned a bridge with me[29F] to look good on her social media
Am I a stalker?
I don't trust my boyfriend but I don't wanna leave him
My cousin [28F] burned a bridge with me [29F] to look good on her social media
I (m26) am struggling with my gf's(F23) depression. Been dating for 1 year.
My [18F] Boyfriend [18M] seems to be avoiding me
30s f daugther with 60s f mother. How common is it for mothers to tell their child they wished they have never been born or wished they had died?
My (28F) boyfriend (34M) thinks I still have feelings for my ex.
My boyfriend [M30] refuses to talk to me [F29] about a problem we are having
How can I (20s F) discuss racial injustice with my parents (50s) as lovingly as possible?
Should I confess to my crush and possibly ruin our friendship?
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together 5 and a half years and he hasn't proposed yet.
I don't know how to help my relationship with my family and could use an outsiders perspective.
30s F daughter and 60s F mother. How common is it for a mother to tell her child she wished she was never born or wished she had died?
I don't know how to improve my relationship with my family and need an outside perspective
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together for 5 and a half years and he won't propose.
I [29M] get easily bored with everything... including the current relationship with my SO [26F], and it scares me.
When should a friendship become a relationship?
I [29M] get easily bored with things... including the current relationship with my SO [26F], and it scares me.
I still love you
My (25F) boyfriend (22M) moves out tomorrow. I don't know what to do
I (20F) am in a LDR with my bf (19M) and family/work and now C*vid has stopped us seeing irl regularly, how to avoid drifting?
Am I horrible for feeling jealousy towards my gf's niece?
I[25] am currently being lynched online because my friend[26] has been accused of being a serial ass smacker
Me (25F) and my boyfriend (22M) have been quarantined together. Tomorrow he has to move out. I'm terrified.
I am currently being lynched online because my friend has been accused of being a serial ass smacker
I don’t think I love my parents even though I want to! What should I do ??
Does your partner make you sad?
I don't know what a relationship is meant to be.
I (21F) want to cut ties with my sister. (17F)
Big argument with boyfriend over race
need advice on a break up cycle
Am I being emotionally abused?
a cycle of emotions.
break-up cycle.
Codependance
Does your partner make you sad?
Me (23) her (28) caught her in lie
Am I being emotionally abused?
My girlfriend can’t shake thinking she’s damaged goods for being divorced
My girlfriend thinks she’s damaged goods for being divorced already
My best friend did something horrible, can i still be friends with him
I (F21) want to cut ties with my sister (17)
Obsessing over partner’s past
My [31/M] mother [60/F] calls me to vent about the rest of my family taking precautions regarding COVID and shames me for not taking her side. How do I handle this?
Is it possible to make a relationship work despite having fundamental differences with your partner? (19F)
A racist I know just became a law enforcement officer.
am i in the wrong? please read
A racist I know just became a county sheriff.
I (28F) feel uncomfortable with my boyfriend (28M) sharing details about our relationship with his professional development group.
How do I[21F] reconnect with an old best friend[21F]?
I (28F) feel uncomfortable with my boyfriend (28M) sharing details about our relationship with his professional development group.
I don’t think my feelings truly and deeply matter to my boyfriend...
Friend (25f) telling outrageous lies about me (26f) to her other friends
Friend (f25) telling lies about me (26f) to her other friends
Friend telling lies about me to her other friends
Is it justifiable to prevent a family member from bringing her unvaccinated children to my wedding?
Guy [25m] asked me [25f] out and cancelled a few times. Did I respond correctly?
Asshole friend and a very very strange fallout
How can I (25F) let my friend (34M) know I’d be more than accepting *if* he were gay?
not willing to feel guilty, in this one
My (f14) mother (38) wont let me approach her about my mental health
not willing to feel guilty, in this one
She (26f) won’t stop using me (25f) as her therapist?
Would I be betraying my family if I changed my name to my step-fathers’ name?
Female (21) in 2 year relationship, debating on break with loml Male (23)- my first relationship
Not willing to feel guilty, in this case
Ranting about my ex F(18) with M(18)
Venting about my ex (sorry)
2 years relationship-high expectation-“breakup”
2 years relationship-high expectation-“breakup”
How to approach my (f14) mother (38) about my mental health
I [30M] got laid off today. My wife [31F] is demanding I only look for new jobs back where we used to live.
I (30F) am in a relationship with a VERY PICKY eater boyfriend (27M).
Female (21) in 2 year relationship, debating on break with Male (23)- first relationship
GF (25F) has been speaking to an ex. Things escalated this week. Now what?
Gamer Boiz
I(F25) found my mom(F63) chatting/sexting an old fling
I [30M] got laid off today. My wife [31F] is demanding I only look for new jobs back where we used to live.
I [28F] need to vent about my parents [60sM+F] and get a sanity check
3 years Relationship - high expectation-breakup
I (20F) am extremely insecure and I'm starting to get depressed. I fear my boyfriend (21M) will leave me for someone more attractive
I couldn't envision a future with someone I was in love with but I can with someone I've only known for less than a month?
My parents are pressuring me to help them buy a house, and if I don't they say I don't love them
I (30F) am in a relationship with my VERY PICKY eater boyfriend (27M).
Should I move on or contact her
I blow up way too easily over small stuff then I relax once I turned everything into a shitstorm
My parents want me to buy house for them, and if I don't it means I don't love them
Roommates and house repairs
People who have gotten back with their ex...
The way he (M25) holds me (F20) and treats me during sex is making me overcome with emotion.
Bf's family/friends still follow his ex. Overreaction?
I'm having trouble self sabatoging.
21(F) how do I stop letting my bad experience with guys ruin things with a guy who wants to be with me?
The way he (M25) holds me (F20) and treats me during sex keeps making me overcome with emotion.
My (29M) parents are worried about my lack of friends and relationships.
Has anyone had a similar situation with their relationship?
My boyfriend (24M) asked to see my (23F) friend’s p*ssy pic.
M[23]F[24] Moving forward as friends after breakup?
Bf's family/friends still follow his ex. Overreaction?
I (32F) don’t think the guy (33M) I’m dating is going to ever want me to be his girlfriend and I am devastated
What do I do? I’m anxious around my parents.
Dealing with abuse, and being an extrovert with all introvert friends
How can I (28F) explain to my roommate and best friend of 10 years (30F) that I can't afford our rent and lifestyle?
On and Off
Do I (29F) ghost him (30M) or explain myself
Any success after taking a break/ breaking up?
Bf's family/friends still follow his ex. Overreaction?
Boyfriend feels disposable because kids are my dealbreaker
Is my boyfriend breaking u with me?
He feels disposable because having kids is my deal breaker
Is my boyfriend breaking u with me?
Is my boyfriend breaking up with me?
Dumped out of the blue months later his mom wants to get coffee after I swiped left on ex
My girlfriend wants me to have a threesome with her and another guy. I'm straight and not comfortable with that. She has been withholding sex ever since.
My boyfriend changed and I don’t know what’s happening?
I (20M) am having trouble starting a conversation with a girl from school (19F)
ghost or explain?
I (20M) am having trouble starting a conversation with a girl from college (19F)
how do i (M 18) go about sex for the first time with virgin girlfriend (F 18) who was raised in a christian conservative household and was constantly verbally abused by her super conservative mom?
My Girlfriend is very mentally ill/toxic and I’m not sure how to deal with with it.
I (M24) am losing my mind over this girl (F22)
My (23F) boyfriend (27M) taking a mental health break?
Leaving an abuse relationship
M t4t5g
Slowly breaking up with best friend
Roommate is clingy and a bit creepy, neglects hygiene, seems unstable, and has weird habits. Now it seems like she's trying to leverage being friends with her to improve her habits.
I (25F) think my boyfriend (28M) might have high functioning autism?
My[25M] girlfriend[38F] very concerned about her age?
Comparison
I [27m] helped my girlfriend [25f] and an amazing job, she now makes more money than me and is acting if she is a better engineer than me. And she acts as if she did it all on her own.
Leaving a toxic relationship
How To Break Ties With Very Very Close Friend With Mental Illness?
My [25M] girlfriend [19F] like to go out to eat, but it's getting expensive
My (F26) boyfriend (M23) removed our relationship status off of Facebook behind my back
My [25M] girlfriend [19F] likes to eat out a lot, but I end up paying a lot of the time
Feeling completely lost after me [M22] and my [F19] broke up.
Husband wants sex but doesn't care that I don't orgasm
My Boyfriend Hates Me
My (18M) parents (54 M + F) are pressuring my girlfriend (28F) and I to terminate her pregnancy. They talk to me every day about it and I want them to stop.
My friend, now ex but we are very close still, has crohns... he uses it as a way to gaslight me into feeling bad that he ignored me for hours to days on end
I (25F) think my boyfriend (28M) might have mild autism?
i don’t like how close they are, it makes me really uncomfortable.
Can men and women just be friends?
My (28F) closest friends (26, 29, 32Fs) ghosted me a year ago. I miss them - can I reach out?
How can my parents (40'sM&F) and I (22F) help my sister (16F) change her self-destructive ways?
My (23m) dad (52m) is shoplifting and I need help confronting him
Why was this guy [22M] so angry when I [23F] met up with him?
Is there a way I (26M) can get my wife (25F) to compromise?
My (28F) closest friends (26, 32, 29Fs) ghosted me one year ago. I miss them - can I reach out?
Me (39F) and my boyfriend (32M) just had our first massive fight at our year anniversary celebration.
My fiancé [27M] and I [25F] never go out on dates anymore.
Me (39F) and my boyfriend (32M) just had our first massive fight at our year anniversary celebration.
He blocked me, yet again.
My 2 best friends are definitely in love 😭
How do I (35F) get my mom (72F) to stop sending forwarded content via SMS?
Is It Possible To Regain Trust After Emotional Cheating, If So How?
I (25/f) feel like I cannot break up with my long distance boyfriend (30/m) because I am his source of future happiness, a solution to his death anxiety and depression, etc. It’s taking a toll on my mental health. I feel guilty and “selfish” if I try to break up.
Is It Possible To Regain Trust After Emotional Cheating, If So How?
My (20f) ex bf/current good friend (22m) cut contact for seemingly no reason
Unhappily married...looking for advice
My (20f) ex bf/current good friend cut contact for seemingly no reason
I (23M) fell in love with someone (20F) who studies from abroad, she needs to go back but she has second thoughts
My (23M) GF (29F) talks about her ex.
I [28M] don't want to live with my fiancee's [28F] parents when we live together.
I am tired of my (23f) boyfriends (28m) ex FWB
Deal With A Breakup The Right Way - Do’s And Don’ts
My (20F) ex bf/current good friend (21M) cut contact with me for seemingly no reason
Me (26)and my boyfriend (25)can’t have sex for long.
Girlfriend is being (forced) to give the answer to tests and homework.
I (23M) fell in love with someone (20F) who is studying from abroad and she needs to leave, but she has second thoughts
Girlfriend is being (forced) to give the answer to tests and homework.
I (30f) was raised by divorced parents and struggle with low self-esteem
I (F22) am becoming numb to my bf (M25)
I (F22) am starting just to feel numb to my bf (M25)
I (30m) don't know how to plan/do things with my wife (39f) who is starving for quality time
How do I (M27) as a rationale person, help my emotional GF (26) with her dad having cancer?
Lockdown marriage proposals
Best Dating Sites
Help me go through with a breakup
I (35F) am looking for advice on how to improve my relationship with mom (72F) before it's too late
I (23F) Havent seen my bf ( 24m) for 5 months and now that were reunited Im feeling so strange and anxious around him. Did anyone else ever experienced this ? cause I feel like Im going crazy.
Help me go through with breaking up
How should I cut contact with my depressed bf?
My (17M) gf (17F) has some serious mental health issues and i don’t know how to help
What signs did you have that it was time to move out of your parents house?
How can I (26F) be less 'boring' in order to improve my relationships with others?
My (M30) partner of 7 years (F34) just bought a dog instead of paying for a divorce
What signs did you have that it was time to move out of your parents house
bf doesn't wanna do things
Should I end things
My (M30) partner of 7 years (F34) just bought a dog instead of paying for a divorce
Why do I always end up with confirmation-desperate men?
My friend gets extremely jealous if we do anything in our group without him
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) has a tinder “just for friends”
possibly cutting of my best friend
My (25M) friend (23M) is spiraling downwards and Im not sure what to do
The Hidden Dildo
How do I meet a boyfriend
Confusing ex
The hidden dildo
My boyfriend keeps using the Tinder secretly to boost his ego.
Always ending up with confirmation-driven men - why?
My [F30] mother [F56] still treats like like I’m a child
Avoidant, Aromantic, ROCD... maybe just unconventional?
Was the way I (25f) broke up with him (25m) messed up? He was emotionally abusive and I took all my stuff while he was at work.
Husband [25m] will not take my side [26f] in disagreements with others
UPDATE: My (19F) boyfriend (29M) got mad at me while in his car and made me walk home in the middle of the night
Confusing ex
Husband (25m) is rarely on my side (26f) in disputes with others
How do I (23F) get over my irrational anxiety about physical intimacy with a guy (23M) I've gone on a few dates with?
How do I [f/26] stay strong and break up with my partner [m/29] whom I love deeply but who doesn't make me happy?
I (20M) am stuck in a shitty home situation
How do I (23F) get over my irrational anxiety about physical intimacy with a guy (23M) I've gone on a few dates with?
I (24f) is trying to leave my gf, need advise!
How long have you waited for someone to cool off before speaking to them again ?
Thinking About It
I (24 F) left my boyfriend (25 M) after almost 8 years.
How can I get rid of toxic “simps” for a new relationship?
how to get over heartbreak (19m)
My [15M] girlfriend's [17F] parents think I'm too tall for her?
I (24 F) left my boyfriend (25 M) after almost 8 years.
how to get over heartbreak
I (F17) got asked out for the first time
I thought I found my Jim and Pam relationship, but I guess we were just Eric and Donna.
TL;DR My dad (40 M) keeps embarrassing me (16 F) in front of people, degrading me and telling me I'm stupid.
My bro won't talk to me anymore
It's okay to have off days with your partner
My dad (40 M) keeps embarrassing me (16 F) in front of people, degrading me and telling me I'm stupid.
I’m troubled over my boyfriends views on LGBT children.
I want to get rid of toxic people, afraid of backlash.
Fiancée (29F) anxious over my (29M) weight loss. What do?
Is flirting cheating?
My (18F) very religious immigrant parents hate me for having sex with my boyfriend.
My friends do stuff without me all the time.
I (27f) have been talking to (25m) for a month now but I’m the one that keeps making the initiative not him . Is he messing around with me.
My wife [41F] and her job
Abuse... I guess?
My wife [41F] and her job.
I ( 27F) have been talking to (25M) for a month now but I’m the one making the initiative not him doesn’t that mean his messing around.
How do I (23F) ask my boyfriend (37M) if I can move in? I literally live with him.
I really need an explanation for this.
On and Off
I can't get past that my [22F] boyfriend [24M] masturbated to women we know IRL while we've been dating.
How to I (29F) trust my fiance's (M31) word over my instinct?
Thinking of breaking up with my (34F) Fiance (36M) while grieving my mother....
Why hasn't my (23F) boyfriend (37M) asked me to move in yet? I literally live with him.
My (18F) very religious immigrant parents hate me for having sex with my boyfriend.
How to I (F29) trust my fiance's (M31) word over my gut?
I really need an explanation for this.
I (22F) don’t know how to bring it up to my boyfriend (25M) that I feel like he should be more thoughtful.
Is it ok to flirt with randoms online? I’m f(38) bf is m(46)
I (24f) is leaving my gf (28f) and I need help
My [M35] relationship with my GF [F33] has become toxic
Is it normal to flirt with random strangers online when you’re in a monogamous committed relationship? Twitter, Facebook, etc...
My dad and stepmom are angry at me (16f) for having inside jokes with my friends about their drama at home
I (23M) fell in love with someone (20F) who studies from abroad and she has to leave, but now has second thoughts
Need to get my head out of my ass...
I [23M] fell in love with someone (20F) who is studying from abroad and she has to leave, but at the same time she doesn't want to.
Girlfriend's sexual fantasies are starting to involve her friends?
UPDATE: My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a huge family problem.
My [M35] relationship with my GF [F33] has become toxic
List of red flags I've collected as a 15f-34f
WIBTA if I continue the „affair“ with my former stepbrother ?
I (33F) cannot shake this gut wrenching anxious feeling out of my stomach (1 year relationship w/29M)
Pandemic fight with my (32f) Dr. Bf (31m) of four years
WIBTA if I sleep with my former stepbrother ?
UPDATE: My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a huge family problem.
He blocked me on everything, yet again
My partner (30F) has been denying me (32M) sex.
Why are tiny uncurvy Chinese girls [20sF] with a school boy sort of bodytype so sexually irresistible to heterosexual men like me [25M]?
Thinking of breaking up with my (34F) Fiance (35M) while experiencing grief of Mother.
10 years together and now separation
I've Turned into Casper the Ghost to my Co Worker and I Don't Know Why
I (M45) feel like my adopted nephew (M14) is a burden
I [26M] work with my Father [64]. He just told me he wants me to refer to him as his name instead of the way I address him (Dad).
My (32f) bf (31m) and I are fighting. Please help! :(
I [M20] looking for relationship
I'm (32f) in a "fight" with my boyfriend (31m)
Lost job living with roommates
Questioning everything.... PLEASE HELP! 32F and my 31M boyfriend
Fiance in a bad spot leads to tears and us not talking.
I (43F) am struggling with my almost adult son. I need some perspective and advice.
Should I talk with my fiancée about my self image problems
When's she gonna come????!!!
Me (18M) and my gf (19F) are looking for advice to spice up our playtime in the bedroom
I(43F) am struggling with my almost adult son. How do I manage this behavior?
My almost 18yr old teen and his behavior is making me question my parenting
Among other problems, boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him, he says I don’t love him otherwise I’d give me a second chance
Among other problems, boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him, he says I don’t love him otherwise I’d give me a second chance
Should I talk with my fiancée about my self image problems?
Among other problems, boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him, he says I don’t love him otherwise I’d give me a second chance
Me (18M) and my (19F) girlfriend are looking to spice things up in the bedroom
My gf(21) doesn't want to send pictures anymore to me (22)
I (M17) am struggling with social skills & relationships. Would appreciate some advice!
My boyfriend faked that he was asleep just so he could go out and ignore me and says he does this all the time.
M18 and F19 need some advice in the bedroom
10 years together and now an official separation.
My (24M) mom (56) is terrible it at so many things and when pointed out, she cries
Can a 4 ever be happy w an 8
My boyfriend is lazy when it comes to working... how can I motivate/encourage him?
How often do you call/text with your online best friend?
Why are tiny uncurvy Chinese girls [20sF] with a school boy sort of bodytype so sexually irresistible to heterosexual men like me [25M]?
You should judge people on personality
I don't feel the same way about my long term partner anymore
My (M28) BF (M34) of a year recently came out to me as sex averse and I'm honestly having a hard time adjusting as we are constantly renegotiating boundaries. I would appreciate any advice.
My (20M) girlfriend (21F) meows (like a cat) all the time and it's getting on my NERVES
My dad lied about buying me a LG Grand laptop and I felt betrayed and embarrassed. I confronted him and asked him if my laptop was real. He continually told me it was real. I think I embarrassed him. How do I apologize to my dad and make this situation better?
My girlfriend (21F) meows (like a cat) all the time and it's getting on my NERVES
I (31F) been with my OH (33M) for 12 years. I still love him, but only as a friend. How do I tell him. He is unaware I've been having these feelings.
I don't think I love my partner anymore
I’m (23F) mad at myself (sometimes)
I don't think I'm in love with my partner anymore
Can depression cause someone to break up a relationship?
I’m mad at myself (sometimes)
How can I (26m) get my ex (29f) to stop sending me money?
Am I racist for this?
TL:DR Am I obsessed?
My (16f) boyfriend (17m) is severly depressed and im wondering if i should leave or not
Obsessed? Currently single and dating multiple women. All 3 know I'm not exclusive and see other women. All 3 say they love me but 2 really show it. They treat me like a king and anything goes in bed.
I think I just need to write this to be over it
lost a best friend and boyfriend all at once
My bf (M18) broke up with me (F19) and I want to get back
(21F) Let me be your virtual girlfriend
Lying partner??
Should I move on?
How can I (23/F) support my boyfriend (22/M) with the loss of a friend while stuck in lockdown?
Worried about my parents and my siblings
My(f 28) boyfriend (m 28) watches too much porn?
My ( f 28) boyfriend (m 28) watches porn too much.
How much porn is too much?
my bf (M18) broke up with me (F19) and I want to get back w him
My (24F) BF (23M) wants me around for the weekend before his FE Exam instead of go out of town. I can’t think of a compromise.
I (F 29) just found the guy ( M30) is divorced from a girl in my community
I (23F) have been acting like an ass because of depression, said shitty thing, straw that broke the camels back, burnt out dad (53M) threw my stuff down the stairs and broke my shit in a rage of anger, what do I do?
Toxic relationship = hard breakup?
Husband (26M) and I (26F) disagree on me applying for a new job
My (26M) fiance (25F) is super jealous of my very close relationship with my twin sister (26F) and wants me to have less contact with her
I (20,f) broke up with my (19,m) boyfriend and I’m not sure how I feel.
Toxic relationship=hard breakup?
I (20,f) broke up with my (19,m) boyfriend and I’m not sure how I feel.
Flirt with a NSFW-built AI, never has a headache and answers 24/7!
How do I [f/26] break up with a good man [m/29] who's deeply in love? (long)
I don't know what to believe, how do I find out if my girlfriend cheated on me?
How can I (23/F) support my boyfriend (22/M) with the loss of a friend while we're stuck in lockdown?
I'm (30F) new and alone after moving for a job, I don't know how to make it through this isolation
I don't know what to believe, how do I find out if my girlfriend cheated on me?
Anyone else feel like they are doomed to be alone?
Advice for me (17m) for online dating with my (17m) boyfriend?
Advice for me (17m) for online dating with my (17m) boyfriend.
Advice for me (17m) on online dating with my (17m) boyfriend?
How do I get my best friend to forgive me?
a complicated situation
being used?
I (24f) feel like I’m being taken advantage of by the company I work for
Why does a person say "I'll never hurt you" to their partner when they are probably going to do it?
being used.
Are toxic relationships worth saving? My ex (23M) and I (25F) keep messing things up.
Me 33F her 26F ended too soon
being used?
Is my boyfriend (23M) being mean or am I (23F) overreacting?
Husband wont let me have a bad day
Should I (21F) have broken up with my BF(27M)? Is he redeemable?
I [27f] think I'll have to quit my hobby because my ex [36m] has the same one
Was my (22m) first relationship with my girlfriend(20f) unhealthy?
How do I (F18) tell my parents (M45, F40) that I'm ready to move out?
Will he miss me>
I don’t know how to act with my best friend since she had a kid with her abusive boyfriend
Should I (21F) have broken up with my BF(27M)? Is he redeemable?
Husband wont let me have a bad day
Am I unhappy with my relationship or am I just unhappy?
Are toxic relationships worth saving? My ex (23M) and I (25F) keep messing things up.
Husband wont let me have a bad day..
Boyfriend (23m) broke up with me (24f) after three years, one month before we were to start grad school together. Don’t know how to navigate this and prepare for school.
Will my ex miss me?
Timing Proposal with Police Academy
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
I (M 31Y) recently had a break up with my fiance (F 33Y) ending a two year relationship 9 months after her mom moved in.
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
How to meet new people who genuinely understand you
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
Long Distance Funeral Advice
How to meet new people who genuinely understand you
How do i ( m 23) get past this? (23 f)
My (26M) fiance (25F) is super jealous of my very close relationship with my twin sister (26F) and wants me to have less contact with her
How to meet new people who genuinely understand you
How to make new friends with people who genuinely understand you
How can I [20F] stop holding a grudge on my boyfriend [20M], who was very toxic, but now has made a positive change and makes me the happiest person?
How do get past this?
How to make new friends with people who genuinely understand you
I'm (20f) the third wheel of the friend group
Long Distance Funeral Advice
I (35F) found out my husband (34M) has been looking at women online and messaging them.
Where’s the line?
Cramped apartment, working from home blues
19M How do I get my parents to see me as an adult ?
Cramped apartment, working from home blues
How to stop holding a grudge on my boyfriend?
My boyfriend (31) of 5 years told me he didn't like me (28)
I don't want contact with my little half sister but my family insists I have to
How do I (27f) get over my friend (32m)
I'm (20f) the third wheel of the friend group
Hot and cold
Me and my bf broke up but now he wants to take it slow, is he using me?
Me and my bf broke up and now he wants to take it slow, is he using me?
Hot and cold with me
My ex is hot and cold with me
My (42 M) Wife (53 F) told my daughter (10 F) she would punish her because of her feelings. I think this is abusive.
24 (M) and 21 (F) conflicted about whether to pursue LD
Boyfriend and me (30) come from slightly different backgrounds and he doesn't seem to want to get to know my family as well as I know his. Is this a deal-breaker long-term?
How do I (23f) cope with being outcast from my family due to false accusations by my brother? (25m)
Why does she [20?/f] have to act like his [19/m] mommy and make him delete me [22/f]?
Trust issues or genuine concern. Your opinion on which one would be appreciated
My [21F] stepsister [16F] is a brat and it's driving me crazy.
My (42 M) Wife (53 F) told my daughter (10 F) she was going to punish her because of her feelings. I think this is abusive.
Trust issues or genuine concern. Your opinion on which one would be appreciated
19M, I wanna get a tattoo, but my parents would disapprove. What do I do ?
He (21m) thinks I'm(19f) perfect for him, but im thinking I should dissapear from his life, of come clean.
GF[24f] of 6 months almost cheated on me [22m] and told me about it
I(29M) Am Wanting to Pick Up my SO's(26F) Hobby
Me [30 M] with my GF [30 F] of 2 years, intrusive racist thoughts and an interracial relationship
How do I (31M) tell my girlfriend (30F) that she's gained weight and get her to shed some pounds?
Am I giving her too much Control?
Girlfriend cheated on me
Difference to being Whipped and Respecting a Girl's Boundaries?
Conflicting political opinions...
Conflicting political opinions
My (25M) friend (23M) is going down a dark path and I dont know what to do
Advice (dating)
I miss my boyfriend
GF[24f] of 6 months almost cheated on me [22m] and told me about it
My (22 f) boyfriend (22 m) won’t let me be alone with his phone
Pandemic
My (21 f) boyfriend (21 m) will not let me be alone with his phone
Cannot find a Domme to take control of me
Gf says I’m clingy
Ex wont give me another chance as she doesnt think my change will be permanent.
My [26f] boyfriend [26m] never listens. Always zoned out. Getting frustrated
LDR and I’m freaking out, please help
Has Anyone Taken Up Their SO's Hobby After Meeting Them?
My (22F) Boyfriend (23M) sexted a random girl on Instagram
Ex wont give me another chance as she doesnt think my changes will be permenant?
I [28 M] always find that my female friends/colleagues spanning my whole life likes to underorder and share food.
(TW: self-harm) My partner cheated on me again and is subtly threatening to kill himself again after I leave him completely
Experimental Ambient Meditation Music
Experimental Ambient Meditation Music
My (22F) bf of just over a year (23M) sexted with a stranger on Instagram and I don’t know what to believe anymore
I w/18 have a 38 year old husband
(TW) I want to breakup with my cheating partner who has mental illness and is threatening self-harm if I leave him
I (15M) would like to hang out with a group of 13 year olds(F and M) without seeming creepy
Could someone with OCD/experience dating someone with OCD offer me some advice?
Was I out of order here or justified?
I (15) want to hang out with a group of 13 year olds without seeming creepy
Get Over Someone You Love- Here’s How!
Am I (27F) being controlling or is my boyfriend (30M) acting suspicious?
I do not feel in love anymore. We live together, what now?
Am I [27F] insecure or is my boyfriend [29M] acting suspicious?
Me (33F) her (26F) it ended too soon
I w/18 have a 38 year old husband
Are you supposed to tell your boyfriend you're getting an abortion even if he might try and stop you?
Broke up bc he didnt contact me
BF [25m] stubborn and narrow minded in his ideas about mental health
[TW/nsfw] [21F and 21M] is it rape?
My gf (F20) of 2 years serious relationship broke up with me (M22) with no real valid reason other than she just didnt want to be with me.. confusion ensues
Stuck between breaking up or staying in a relationship with my long distance depressed boyfriend (17m)
Should I be offended that my boyfriend would rather master-bate to release tension from work then to have sex with me when we live and work together
Girl shared a fb story with my bf should I be worried?
My Boyfriend would rather master-bate then have sex with me
F(26) with M(30) who lied about what he really wanted
A girl shared a story with my bf on Facebook should I be worried?
I (18F) don’t know if I like him (17F) or if I just don’t want to be alone. Thoughts?
idk whether to laugh or cry
Another girl shared a story with my bf on fb should I be worried
idk whether to laugh or cry
Broke up with my bf because he didn’t contact me
Boyfriend's(28M) friends are basically adult children and I(27F) cannot stand them
idk whether to laugh or cry
Feeling insecure with my long-distance boyfriend
I (18F) don’t know if I like him or I just don’t want to be alone. Thoughts?
I ( 23 f) have a relationship with my bf (29 m) since I was 17, I always have some doubt about us for our differences and after what I did I feel more sure about us but I feel guilty
My (23f) bestfriend (23f) hates my boyfriend and our fights are occuring more frequently. How do I resolve this without losing any of them?
F (26) M(30)- the future continues to be a problem and I don’t know what to do
I (26m) am scared to leave gf (28f) due to impotence.
Me (33F) gf (26F) ended it too soon
Gf says I’m clingy
I [M28] was seeing a girl [F22] who ended things with me, she now won't stop sending me memes!
How can I [25M] find a cute teen gf until my uni opens up again?
A close friend of mine (F<18) suddenly dissaperred on Instagram and I need help finding them
should i wait for her
My boyfriend (fiancé ?) is a soldier
Would my (20M) social status change if I let a friend (19M) see my girlfriend (19F) naked?
A close friend of mine (F<18) suddenly dissaperred on Instagram and I need help finding them
should i wait for her
My (18F) s/o (18M) and i have been through quite a bit and I think its becoming toxic.
Who here despises Liers and cheaters?!
Friends/FWB/Relationship/Friends?
A girl [22F] I was seeing, ended things and now won't stop sending me [28M] memes!
A close friend of mine (F<18) suddenly dissaperred on Instagram and I need help finding them.
Would I (20M) be beta if i let a friend (19M) see my girlfriend (19F) naked?
Im feeling lost.
My [21f] stepdad [48m] treats me like a child
Would I (20M) be beta if i let a friend (19M) see my girlfriend (19F) naked?
My [21f] stepdad [48m] treats me like a child
My (20 f) stepdad (48 m) treats me like child
My (21f) boyfriend (20m) claims to not feel any emotions towards me when I’m upset and I’m starting to doubt whether he loves me.
My boyfriend (28M) broke up with me (20F) because of drugs.
Why does he still lie to me and still keep secrets!!! Me like a dumb ass still be his Girl
Is she lying?
My (21f) boyfriend (20m) has always expressed how he doesn’t feel any emotions when seeing me upset when we argue.
Am I [18 F] overthinking about my ex boyfriend [19 M]? I'm thinking about how the relationship was more, and I'm unsure if I was sexually assaulted/emotionally abused or not
Boyfriend broke up with me after 2 years living together (Bc of drugs).
Should I tell him?
5 different love languages
My (29 M) partner (28NB) cheated on me with a person they told me “not to worry about”
How do I communicate better?
How can I (F20) help boyfriends sister (F21)?
Boyfriend wants to teach me a lesson
Probably a recurring sentiment; I'm growing to hate my long-time SO. Help?
How do I [M20] start to transition with a friend [F20] into more than friends? We've been friends for nearly 2 years now.
My [F30] gf [F29] is feeling insecure about our flatmate [F26]
Started falling asleep while on FaceTime, forgot that he was talking through a phone instead of right next to me, snapped back into reality and had an anxiety attack.
I (f23) started falling asleep while on FaceTime with LDR boyfriend (m24), forgot that he was talking through a phone instead of right next to me, snapped back into reality and had an anxiety attack.
Should I [M,20] continue to pursue him [M,28] or try to pursue someone else?
10yo me predicted my future girlfriend
What to say when Tinder conversation dies?
Racist friend?
My friend (16F) and I (16M) like each other, but her best friend (16F) likes me and my best friend (16M) likes the girl I like as well.
understand yourself before demanding to be understood by someone else
My friend (F) and I (M) like each other, but her best friend (F) likes me and my best friend (M) likes her (the girl I like). What do I do?
Is my [17/F] boyfriend [18/M] gaslighting me?
Losing my closest friends during lock down
Dad playing favourites led to a big row and I'm at a loss as what to do
I (21F) am losing my friends (22F) (24F) despite my attempts to communicate with them
I don't know what to do
I (21F) am losing my best friends (23f) (24f) despite my efforts to communicate with them and am becoming more depressed.
I (17f) have never had a "true" crush. Am I unable to form interpersonal relationships?
new discord server for singles!!
Me [52 F] with my husband_ [55 M] love, lies, or just too complicated?
Advice
My (26f) boyfriend (30m) is frequently telling me disturbing things
(TW sexual assault) How do I cut off my best friend who was complacent in my sexual assault?
Clubbing w/ partner
I feel (31F) trapped and confused about my relationship with my boyfriend (31M)
My sister [28F] resents me [25M] for having OCD
My girlfriend hates me now, and this entire thread is irrelevant. Not one time did any of you consider the other, unspeaking, defenseless person that I have ever even seen. So many posts are taking people for a ride and none of you care.
Lmao
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) forced(?) sex on me this morning. I don't know how to feel.
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) had (forced?) sex with me this morning.
Do you know?
I (F, 21) am cheating on my boyfriend (M, 21) and I can't stop.
My boyfriend (24M) cheated on me (25F) and I don't know what to do.
My(21F) friend’s(21M) girlfriend(19F) doesn’t like me and does not want him talking to me
Old guy (46M) in love with (47F) 3 months, but she's Married! Help!
Im(18 male) apolitical and my girl(20 female) is leftist. I love her but I really can't talk about politics
My (24f) boyfriend (31m) uses tinder to masturbate to
GF (24 f) is very upset I (25 f) made plans to hang out w/ best friend (28 f) two days before her birthday.
My [21f] boyfriend [21m2 doesn’t respect my “no”
I dont like political talks with my girl, help??
my gf's views
Political stances
The guy [30M] that I'm [25F] seeing has told me he's been having some bad anxiety days. Are these behaviours anxiety or just red flags/disinterest?
✨how to make them regret losing you✨
My best friend (29M) did not choose me (29M) as groomsman and I need advice/I'm upset
My best friend (29M) did not choose me (29M) as groomsman and I need advice
FIL is a serial prior when it comes to daddy issues
Controlling parents trying to threaten/control my [28M] healthcare and treatments - I need them to stop
My 'best friend' treats everyone the same as me.
My best friend (29M) did not pick me (29M) to be a groomsman
Help me out! I got a toxic friend problem.
And this is on Toxic friends. Guys, help me out on what I should do!!!
Pregnant possibly and my boyfriend wants me to get an abortion
I don't know what to do, Juliet.
My best friend (29M) did not pick me (29M) to be a groomsman
My (29F) Racist Ex (57 M) wants me back after he broke up with me for not being white
Wtf is i just need a girl lol (m15)
Why do I feel like I’m not ready to move on?
My boyfriend (26/m) totaled his car 2 days ago and has been ignoring me (25/f) ever since. I don’t know how to comfort him and I feel like our relationship is ending.
Why do I feel like I’m not ready to move on?
Managing co-worker relationship: The "big idea" guy.
Childhood trauma I’m really confused about
Help! 46(M) in love with a married woman 47(F)
This might cause the end of my (32F) friendship with my best friend (36F)
This might cause the end of my friendship but I can’t hold it any more
Does this mean he (27) still had feelings for his ex (?F)
Am I being too sensitive?
I was....
I (F21) have had a very long and complicated relationship with my partner (M22). Looking for advice and insight to the relationship, especially about coming out as asexual/demisexual to my family.
Three stories about my abusive ex (23/M)
Childhood stuff I’m really confused about
Am I (40f) being jealous and controlling when I ask my husband (41m) to delete all social media and limit friendships?
How to fall in love with my partner?
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events....
My(21F) friend’s(21M) girlfriend(19F) doesn’t like me and does not want him talking to me
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events....
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events....
Girlfriend [F17] off to college a year before me [M17]
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events.... Am I being insensitive and selfish?
Feels like I’m not even there to her
Not sure if my bf genuinely wants our relationship to be over or if he’s suffering from depression.
How to fall in love with my partner?
0 People Were Surprised by This Post
My boyfriend went through my phone and confessed months later
Ok, now what
How do you share your feelings of love towards your SO without worrying you’ll scare them away?
Apparently I'm emotionally unavailable
When's she gonna come?
not sure how to handle this business-related request from a friend
My (18f) roommate's (25m) gf (23f) says she's no longer coming over until he kicks me out?
When's she gonna come?
I (25F) am furious with my mother (56F) and don't want a big fight
I (F/38) feel insecure when he (M/40) mentions female friend
When's she gonna come?
I (25F) and furious with my mother (56F) and don't know how to handle this
When's she gonna come?
What’s the best anniversary gift you’ve ever been given or gifted?
When's she gonna come?
Should I (27M) lose my virginity?
My bestie keeps fucking married men.
I [24F] came out yesterday and my mom keeps wanting to talk
My now ex gf (23) of 3 months, told me (m23) that she no longer thinks shes ready for a relationship and is no unsure what she wants
WWYD: my boyfriend [24 M] "cheated" on me?
Is my friends GF in love with my BF????!!
Should I stay or should I go
Best friends GF in love with my BF??
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) gets upset with me when I disagree with him.
My (28F, white) boyfriend’s (28 M, Asian) views on racism and the protests
Ex boyfriend (29m) who had another girlfriend, is somehow still making me (29f) feel insane.
Should I be mad?
I’m worried about my relationship.
I’m worried about my relationship.
The guy [30M] I [23F] am seeing wants to keep it casual but then says and does things that make me think otherwise
Brother (30s) is asking mom (late 60s) to watch his 3 month old
My (29F) doctor boyfriend (32M) is politically apathetic and it's causing issues
Is it messed up that I would like to date someone who is "successful" or atleast has decent stable income?
Unsure how to handle my (28 white f) boyfriend’a (28 Asian M) take on the recent protest and racism
Thinking About It
I (23F) told him(24M) I need more love. He says he needs more space
Am I (20F) being a controlling GF?
Is this a fair argument or a false equivlence?
Please, please help me.
I can’t stop dreaming about my high school lesbian love affair 10 years after it ended
How do i fall out of love with ex ?
Best friend of many years is flaky/bad friend
I’m (F26) still in love with my ex girlfriend but I’m happily married to a man with a kickass kid
Should a guy bring up the talk to define a relationship?
Should I be mad?
i think my boyfriend is cheating on me
Bf jealous of my performance at the same job
I finally gave him back the keys to his place
But envious of my performance at the same job
Should I (M/25) break up with my (F/30) girlfriend because of my insecurities and fragile ego?
I've [27f] been crying 1.5 years over a relationship [36m]
When do I walk away from this marriage?
i think my boyfriend is cheating
An intern (F30s?) was promoted into a higher ranking position than me (F30) and I can't deal.
Only children who have moved away from their parents, how do you feel now? Me [35F] struggling to leave dad who raised me alone [74M]
i really need help / advise
Only children who have moved away from their parents, how do you feel now? Me [35F] struggling to leave dad who raised me alone [74M]
I rlly need help/advise
An intern (F30s?) was promoted to a position above me (F30) and I don't know how to deal.
I think I am in love with someone but
16M and 16F artists w/ criticism issues, dated for 5mo
Have you guys ever had thoughts before about a competition on a woman you like, has also another guy trying to pursue her [23F]? I'm [24M]
I want nothing to do with Trump supporters and it is affecting my relationships
I love my GF but
After moving in together, my girlfriend (23F) and I (23M) have been slowly drifting apart.
does this mean he’s falling out of love with me?
I (F 22) feel like my roommate (F 21) wants to ruin my relationship of 5 years (BF M 22).
I (23M) feel like my girlfriend (23F) doesn’t care about my feelings and our relationship is suffering.
My boyfriend feels inferior to me. What should I do?
In Love with One, Wanting Another
My bf feels inferior to me. What should I do?
My roommate (f) always tries to get my bf attention and it’s making me go crazy.
Need advice... Been with boyfriend for 5 years wants a threesome
For those of you who believe you’re in healthy relationships, can you provide some examples of the fights you’ve had with significant others and how you both have moved on from them?
I love my fiance
my dad drunk texting me calling me pet names like im a child makes me want to cut myself
I'm ashamed I let him convince me I was worthless for so long just based on my looks. Ending 10-year-long relationship F(32)
Seems like my (27F) relationship with my gf (27F) is in a rut
Affair has left me with a massive amount of guilt.
My boyfriend (31m) told me (36f) the timing is off and it makes more sense to follow a job instead of stay - how do I cope?
How do you get over a breakup?
Is it possible that my [20F] friend [20F] has depression judging by the weird poem she wrote?
What to do when your relationship feels like it's in a rut?
I don't know where this is going and at this point I am too afraid to ask
My best friend’s almost-boyfriend died suddenly and I don’t know how to help her.
What does this poem mean? Is my [20F] friend [20F] depressed?
Is my ex indirectly stalking me, or am I overreacting?
I don't know where this is going
I don't know where this is going
Boyfriend 34 wants a baby with me at 36
Is my ex indirectly stalking me? Or am I crazy?
Leaving a toxic relationship
I (F26) might have just rushed into a relationship without thinking. Need advice.
Priorities - Love versus Democracy
My [29F] brother in-law [34M] has been driving me crazy and I don't know what to do
I finally had sex with this girl i like
Father wants to talk to me
My[29F] brother in-law [34M] is driving me crazy and I do not know what to do.
My heart hurts
Am I in an abusive relationship?
Friend’s mom is a dying alcoholic and refuses help
Should I be concerned or upset?
Friend’s mom is a dying alcoholic, is there anyway she can be forced into inpatient/rehab?
Priorities - Fear, Love and Democracy
How do I make sure my anxiety and depression don’t impact on my family
Would I be wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend after one fight?
I (24F) am too self-conscious and insecure to date. It’s starting to really bother me.
(20F) Having a hard time getting over "ex" (23M) Any advice?
I [20F] feel like the third wheel in my parents' (MF, 50s) relationship instead of a family
(20F) Having a hard time getting over "ex" (23M) Any advice?
The end of a 2 year Relationship. Everything on my mind.
I (19M) met this dude online
Trying to come to grips with the fact my sons father (30m) and I (25f) are never getting back together.
how do i/should i tell him how i feel?
I [36M] am interested in a girl [35F] I've been talking to for a while, but I'm completely clueless about the meaning of her reactions towards me.
I've been cheating on my boyfriend with a man I've never met.
how do i tell him how i feel? help please
should i (f18) tell him (m20) how i feel? help!
I'm [29/F] having intrusive thoughts about the "one that got away" -- should I seek closure?
Feelings for his brother
Would I be wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend over one fight and him being clingy?
Feelings for his brother...
I [M/26] don't know if or when I should contact a girl [F/24] about our unresolved relationship issue.
Feelings for his brother...
I always feel like I viewed as wrong. And I always have to be the better person.
My(17) GF(17) just lost her father to coronavirus
Is He Afraid of Love or Does He Just Not Love Me?
Bf (almost 30) wants to apply for grad school after 5 years
Trying to come to grips with the fact my sons father (30m) and I (25f) are never getting back together.
Is this a red flag?
My (26F) bf (30M) wants to break up to see if he can do better than me
How long do you wait for a spark while dating someone before considering to end things?
I [26F] love my fiance [28M] so much but he's going to prison for 2 years and I am so conflicted on if I should stay with him or not
Do friendships work after a bad breakup? (M20) (F20)
What to do when your partner feels gross
How do I fall out of love? (m24)
Is there anything that I (17F) can do to convince my mom (60F) to let me have my devices back in my room at night?
Just found out my (M16) girlfriend (F16) was treated poorly by her ex
How do I fall out of love?
How do I (32m) deal with my girlfriend’s (32f) past engagement? It’s causing a lot of insecurity.
Is there anything I (17F) can do to convince my mom (60F) to allow me to keep my devices in my room at night?
Just found out my (M16) girlfriend (F16) was treated poorly by her ex
[24f] Neighborhood girl I met at the bar asked me over her house and then to sleepover. Cuddled in bed with her and asked her if she wanted to have sex, twice. Later apologized for being too aggressive after getting a follow-up date somewhat blown off, what do I do.
How do I fall out of love? [m24]
Is this an unreasonable question to ask?
My (F20) white boyfriend (M20) hasn’t said anything in regards to BLM or the recent protests.
[24f] Neighborhood girl I met at the bar asked me over her house and then to sleepover. Cuddled in bed with her and asked her if she wanted to have sex, twice. Later apologized for being too aggressive after getting a follow-up date somewhat blown off, what do I do.
We all know it's better to be single than in a bad relationship, but would you rather be single or in an average-quality relationship?
Is this an unreasonable request?
Can I [25M]bring this insecurity up with my S/O [26F]
I lost the love of my life because I was too afraid to grow up
[24f] Neighborhood girl I met at the bar asked me over her house and then to sleepover. Cuddled in bed with her and asked her if she wanted to have sex, twice. Later apologized for being too aggressive after getting a follow-up date somewhat blown off, what do I do.
I lost the love of my life because I was too afraid to grow up
Am I wasting my time?!
How do I (F23) handle the birthday of my boyfriend’s (M24) deceased family member?
my (19f) mother (58f) is so deeply unhygienic and i can’t take it anymore
She treat me like her boyfriend but I am not
I (M2x) don't know how to help my sister F(20) who was sexually assaulted.
Should I[M30] give her[F30] a second chance?
my black bf refuses to get involved in BLM movement
My boyfriend (who is half black and looks it) does not want to be involved in the Black Lives Matter Movement
Sleeping Around Before it's Official (27F)(27M)
Whats your definition of a “real” woman?
political and social beliefs or someone who challenges you?
I (F21) don’t like it when my BF (M32) looks at Reddit gonewild girls
What do I (28F) do about my husband's (28M) friends who don't like me?
How to ask for what I need in a relationship? [27F]
I (24F) don’t know if my boyfriend (25M) has a gaming problem or if I am the problem?
Is it better to be with someone who agrees with your political and social beliefs or someone who challenges you?
My Narcissist Ex
Sleeping With Others Before it's Official
My[22F] new romantic interest[23M] informed me my friend [23M] is probably a pedophile/had incest and idk how to handle it
My (24M) ex (21F) never deserved me.
How do I ask my (21f) parents if my boyfriend (21m) can move in
How do most relationships start?
White woman love letter to black man is this taking away from the community right now?
I (24F) don’t know if my boyfriend (25M) has a gaming problem or if I am the problem?
If my bf (25M) and I (24F) could be compared to a movie couple, what would we be?
F28 Missing my ex so much but cant tell him. Any advice?
Should a guy bring up the talk to define relationship?
I'm confused what to do with this girl, since I found another
If my bf (25M) and I (24F) could be compared to a movie couple, which couple would we be?
I'm obsessed with my boyfriend
How to deal with homesickness/guilt for moving out?
I'm obsessed with my boyfriend
Is this a good birthday present for my boyfriend?
Do you believe trust should always be told within a relationship no matter what ? (M,20)
Do you believe the truth should always be told within a relationship no matter what ?
Two types of relationships
I’m(31F) moving out from my fiancé’s (31M) house because he won’t stop doing drugs
Is this a good bday present for my boyfriend?
Two types of relationships
Two types of relationships
I’m (31F) moving out of my fiancé’s (31M) house because of his addictions
Broke his trust, PLEASE READ
Broke his trust, PLEASE READ
Is this a good birthday present for boyfriend?
I said something really horrible to my BF and broke his trust
Should I tell a girl I like her?
I don’t know whether I should break up with my (f17) bf (m17) to stop him from crying about me therefore saving him future pain
Too complicated-Life decision
My(25m) Ex(25f) say sorry I miss you
Is it over?
Is it over?
Ex(25f) says sorry i miss you(25m)
I(13M) have to get a restraining order on my birth mom and she might go back to jail and I am just really not ok.
Long distance Relationship - All you need to know about
Best friends like the same guy
Ever wonder if you're actually happy in your relationship or just settling?
In a love triangle with my best friend, fear of losing somebody that I love
TL;DR - my boyfriend cheated during one of his manic episodes..asking for some advice
Am I in the wrong for just wanting some more chores done?
Best friends like the same guy
Moving In With My Girlfriend
How do I (23F) tell my Asian parents I met my boyfriend (24M) on tinder?
How do I (29/F) express to my boyfriend (29/M) of eight months that a good number of his friends make me want to pull my hair out due to their backwards thinking?
Moving In With My Girlfriend
How do I (23F) tell my parents I met my boyfriend (24F) we met on a dating app?
Best Friends Like the same guy.
How should I have responded to this text?
boyfriend’s ex girlfriend is stalking my instagram daily
Am I being unreasonable?
I (M22) left my girlfriend (F22) not long ago, and she is trying to get me back and fix things. I think we could possibly work through our issues, but I feel like I need to be with someone else to see if I really want a relationship with her. Am I the asshole?
I (28F) hit my boyfriends (32M) dog out of rage.
My (25F) girlfriend (26F) is really trying, I am struggling to let go and forgive
how do I go forward with the grudge I hold against my SO'S mother?
Boyfriend cheated on me during bipolar manic episode, I’m not sure what to do...
Starting Over
Should I just give up on relationships
holding a grudge against my SO's mother
My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a huge family problem.
Surprise! I am attractive! But not to my wife.
Communicaton issues I(25f) cant identify/resolve with bf(26m) of 5yrs
Got involved in a love triangle with my best friend now i am scared to lose him completely
I [20F] don’t know what to do about this message I received about my [21M] bf
Starting over - where do I start?
Is it wrong to feel I (M22) need to experience what being with someone else is like?
UPDATE: I (17F) told my dad my mom cheated and now my whole family hates me.
After telling me (F34) he likes to have his own space, my boyfriend (M38) invited me to stay over again just four days later.
I [20F] don’t know what to do about this message I received about my [21M] bf
I [F/25] have been getting upset at a lot of things my bf [M/26] of 1 year does and chooses to do. Am I overreacting?
Is it crazy to message someone on another form of communication if they block your number?
Should I risk looking even crazier to give someone an apology?
UPDATE: I (17F) told my dad my mom cheated and now my whole family hates me.
I’m so confused of what to do
boyfriend’s ex-girlfriend keeps stalking my instagram
More than a year after the break up, lost all my self respect and I'm still hung up on my ex.
Should I make a move on a guy my roommate hooked up with?
My (F24) BF (M25) is not showing interest in me anymore
I (19f) have not gotten along with my step dad (41m) for years and he says to just "get over it". I've tried but i just can't
Me [M33] and my girlfriend [F31] are stuck about where to live
What can I [25M] do in the meantime until my uni opens up again and I can find a cute tiny Chinese girlfriend?
How do I [23M] fall in love with people for who they are and not my ideas?
How do I [23M] fall in love with people not ideas?
My (22m) gf (22f) of 4 years has a generally negative/difficult attitude that makes me feel constantly stressed.
I [M/23] noticed my gf [F/23] acting differently
I(28M) have been made to decide between my friend (26F) and my gf(31F).
I [M/23] noticed some suspicious behavior by my gf [F/23]
why can i (17 f) never just be friends with a guy? why do guy friends always have to fall for me?
My boyfriend(18/M) and I(19/F) got into an argument because he was muted and I honestly didn’t notice.
My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a big family problem.
Friends starting their own group and said I overreacted when I found it
Girlfriend (20) hit me with the news that she just wants to be friends with me (m 20)
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
What is the best way to initiate a conversation about our relationship?
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
My boyfriend (M25) of 7 years won’t propose to me (F24) until I lose weight
She (44F) won't let me leave (48M)
My boyfriend(18/M) and I(19/F) got into an argument because he was muted and I honestly didn’t notice.
My (F22) boyfriend (M25) is a manchild
I don’t stand out from his exes
Pain during sex after he shaves his pubic hair
I don’t stand out from his exes
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
Told me he loves me and took it back
Roommates are mad at me for not wanting to move 4 minutes away from my bf
Strategically, should I [M23] ask my "Girlfriend" [F18] to move in if I get the new job.
my (22f) boyfriend (26m) follows teenage girls on instagram?
Pubic hair dilemma
My boyfriend (M25) of 7 years won’t propose to me (F24) until I lose weight
Looking for general words of advice for a new LDR
Relationship problem
I (33F) want my husband (35M) to stop trying to solve all of his family’s problems
Am I over reacting or does it sound like my husband is up to something other than fishing?
31(m) who only attracts unhealthy women and dates but never had a serious relationship,
31 male who only attracts unhealthy women and dates but never had a serious relationship, who can relate? Any words of wisdom or advice?
Am I really just being insecure and overreacting or does it sound like my husbands got something more going on?
Found a past journal entry of my (27f) boyfriend's (35m) of 1 year that's causing me extreme worry
Would it be beneficial at all if I tell her?
Is it okay if I [25M] visit a strip club sometimes without telling my girlfriend [24F]?
Deepthroat Tips
Deep Throat tips
Is it bad if I [25M] want to visit the strip club while my girlfriend [24F] doesn’t allow me to?
Bf (31m) doesn't say what I (36f) need to hear in order to stay. What do I do?
People who got with the grumpy, brooding guys with a heart of gold, how'd it turn out?
How to move out when breaking up with your partner?
What’s your definition of a “real” woman?
My [26M] girlfriend [27F] keeps having miscarriage and it's destroying her
Was it immature of me to block my (F27) ex-bf (M27) from my public social media profile after 7+ months of being broken up?
People who got with the grumpy, brooding guy with a heart of gold, how'd it turn out?
People who got with the broody, grumpy guy with a heart of gold, how'd it turn out?
People who got with guys who are brooding and grumpy but with a heart of gold, howd it turn out?
How can I (M 19) support my SO (F19) when she argue with her parents?
TW: Sexual Assault - Advice is appreciated
I feel like my girlfriend F(19) still feels attached to her ex
How can I (M19) support my SO (F19) when she fights with her parents?
People who got with the brooding, grumpy guy with a heart of gold, how'd it work out?
Father(64M) is almost a stranger to me(25F) - I feel guilty
I need genuine advice on how to handle this
My (F17) good friend (F17) never initiates contact
I'm [32M] feeling guilty about leaving my partner [34F] when I know it's the right thing to do
I [29F] want a divorce, but still find myself wanting affection from my husband [30M]
I hate our apartment and my relationship is starting to crumble.
Boundaries with friends of the opposite sex
I’ve (22F) been dating my bf (22M) for 5 months. He doesn’t express his desire for sex or me when we’re apart (or together sometimes)
I [F20] wanted a break from bf [M19] because he spoke to my parents, but I'm not sure if I want to end things with him.
What's the easiest way to break up with and move out from my partner's place?
How do I (M/22) overcome deromity, introversion, virgin stigma to appeal to women?
How do I (M/22) go about overcoming introversion, deformity, virginity stigma to attract women?
How do I (M/22) go about overcoming introversion, deformity, virginity stigma to attract women?
My (F17) friend (F17) never initiates any contact
I’ve (22F) been dating my bf (22M) for 5 months. He never expresses his desire for sex or me when we’re apart (or together sometimes)
What's the easiest way to break up with him since we live together?
How do I (M/22) go about overcoming introversion, deformity, virginity stigma to attract women?
Dealing with a narcissistic bf
My GF cries over everything.
Long Term Relationship Ended
I (F18) ended a year long abusive relationship with my ex (M22)
I (20F) feel like I'm boring to my boyfriend (21M) and prefers spending more time with his friends than me
I (30sF) can't tolerate my husband's (30sM) ridiculous jealousy regarding our dog any longer
My (M26) sister (F21) is drinking herself to oblivion every week
Long Term Relationship Ended
I (F18) ended a year long abusive relationship with my ex (M22)
I (27M) was blocked from her (24F) instagram stories, but absolutely nothing else. She has left all lines of communication open. What should I do?
How do I make a move?
Sensitive topics
How do I get back into a relationship with my (M25) partner (F25) of 9 years?
Why?
Claiming it quesion
I (21M) just realized that I don't have any friends for support after breaking up with my ex (19F)
Guys what do I do? I (22F) have been asked to give my ex (22M) another shot.
Gf (23) doesn't know how to break up with bf (25) of seven years because he is in a bad place mentally
Guys what do I do? I (22F) have been asked to give my ex (22M) another shot
Need your help on this situation...
I (27F) am weighing getting back with my ex-boyfriend (25M)
Unsure what I (25m) should do if my (24f) doesn't get a job
How do I make a move?
Need your help on this situation...
Girlfriend (23) scared to break up with her boyfriend (25) of seven years because he might hurt himself
Wife's reasons for taking my last name only socially
I am a 18 F that is unhappy at home, parents make me feel useless
Should I Dump My (27F) Boyfriend (35M) of 6 years? Help!!
I [22/f] think he [19/m] was seeing her when he was with me. How should I tell her?
Should I tell my best friend her bf may have cheated?
My (28F) boyfriend (30M) thinks that our problems is incompatibility but I see signs of mental health issues
My (25F) girlfriend (26F) is really trying, I am struggling to let go and forgive
Not feeling desired by my bf, but we have a good sex life
How do I deal (40F) and cope with my aging mother (79F) and our massive personality/lifestyle differences
I [32M] am having issues with my common-law wife [24F] and our housemates
How do I cope (40F) with my extreme feelings for my mother (79F)
Am I being unreasonable?
I (40F) dislike my Mother (79F)
I dislike my Mother
Problems with Parents
My girlfriend (19F) treats me (20F) like I am a child
My (24F) girlfriend (24F) and I aren't on the same page about what's going on
Should I tell my best friend her bf might have cheated?
My friend (M14) hasn’t been completely honest to his girlfriend (F16) about some things. What should he do, tell her the truth or let the rabbit whole go deeper?
How to Make Women Melt like Ryan Gosling (Movie Scene Breakdown - Crazy, Stupid, Love)
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) broke up with me and I don’t know what to do next.
My (28F) boyfriend (30M) is in a downward spiral and I don't know what to do
How to navigate a friendship with my (F 25) ex (M26) when I am now in a serious relationship (M 30)?
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) broke up with me and I don’t know what to do next.
My friend (M14) hasn’t been completely honest to his girlfriend (F16) about some things. What should he do, tell her the truth or let the rabbit whole go deeper?
My friend (M14) hasn’t been completely honest with his girlfriend (F16) about some things
I[33M] Have discovered that I am in a child/parent relationship with my [31F] Wife. I am the child
[M34] If your best friend [F30] says they can't can't hang out because of the virus but they go out with with someone else are they really your friend?
"You should know me better than that. How long have you known me again?"
Im uneasy on dating a girl because of my parents
[M34] If your best friend [F30] says they can't can't hang out because of the virus but they go out with with someone else are they really your friend?
My friend (M14) isn’t being completely honest with his girlfriend (F16)
I'm (17M) not sure if this girl (17F) likes me or not and I need help to decide!
Relationship advice 35m and 32f
If your best friend says they can't can't hang out because of the virus but they go out with with someone else are they really your friend?
My boyfriend (24M) has a creepy relationship with his sister (22F)
Do I (F 25) have a right to be angry with my boyfriend (M 26) who got a girl pregnant while we were on a break?
Is my(28f) husband(26M) a racist?
(18M) (18F) Want to get back with an ex not sure how to go about it.
My [23F] anxiety is going to ruin my relationship with [24M]. Hiding it is making things worse, but he’s bad at comforting me. What do I do?
He (35M) and I (30F) have been through a lot. I'm not ready to let him go.
My boyfriend (24M) has a creepy relationship with his sister (22F)
If I can’t cope with my bf looking at other girls, am I too insecure to be in a relationship?
How do I [F16] convince my parents to move?
Ex (35M) has me completely stumped. Please help.
I (34M) just had an honest conversation with my gf (33F) about her prolific sexual past
Want to get back with an ex not sure how to go about it
Is this a sign to kiss her?
How can I (26f) discuss the current events with my racist father (60+m)?
If I can’t handle my bf looking at other girls, should I not be in a relationship?
I [47M] dumped my [32F] girlfriend earlier today
Silence during a phonecall: normal or weird?
I [47M] dumped my [32F] girlfriend earlier today
What do you guys think? (Social media related)
Mother [54F] wants to live with me [18F] after I graduate university
Need advice on telling my bigoted, aggressive parents that I'm pregnant with my mixed boyfriends baby.
How do I F[16] convince my parents to move?
Need Practical Advice for Breaking Up Casual Dating
I am feeling alone right now 😔
Endgame - what to do?
I (21M) am realizing that I don't have any friends or anyone to talk to after breaking up with my ex (19F)
Should I confess my feelings to a guy I’m seeing?
I (18 M) got rejected by a girl )18 F) that I liked. Does rejection mean she’s better than me?
My (28M) mother (61F) insists all of my future relationships will be bad due to our current relationship.
I [M/23] am suffering from anxiety with my [F/22] friend crush
My (34M) gf (33F) and I just an in depth conversation about her sexual past.
Pregnant and don't know how to tell my racist, aggressive parents.
Endgame - what to do?
Is my (31 F) boyfriend (42M) pulling back?
My [20] Girlfriend [19] still responds to old fwb and has them saved on her phone.
I am bothered by the idea of my FWB sleeping with someone else
My friend's wife is cheating on him and I don't know how to tell him
How Can I Get Her??
How patient must someone be when S.O. has a bad day? (I'm 25M, S.O. 26F)
[35/m] My girlfriend (38/f) cheated on me with a much younger man. What do i do?
Strange dynamic with new friend group?
My (30f) bf of 2 years (31m) avoids saying the truth and tells white lies because he is worries about how i will react to some things. But this latest example feels like one step too far. Was i in the wrong to talk about how it made me feel and will i learn to trust him again?
love
Anyone else disappointed as they get to know people better?
I (30 m) might have screwed up the most important friendship of my life.
I (23f) startle really easily and no one at work (f&m,20s-50s) seems to have gotten the memo
How can I get her?
Who else is disappointed when they get to know people better?
My boyfriend and I had a fight about him having naked pics of his ex, he deleted mine instead of hers because he was mad at me [30F, 40M]
I (30f) found out my bf(31m) was talking online to an ex again. Did i react badly and will i ever trust him again?
My bf (35m) choose work over me (28f)
I'm a virgin [26M] and found out of my gf's [27F] sexual history
I (30 m) might have screwed up one of the most important friendships on my life.
Friend [32 M] ended a toxic relationship with his Ex [28F] and it was liberating
Friend [32 M] ended a toxic relationship with his Ex [28F] and it was liberating
My bf (35m) choose his job over me (28f)
Not Over a Relationship When I Feel Like I Should Be
Am I too insecure?
What do I say to a friend who lost a job due to covid?
Not Over a Relationship That I Feel Like I Should Be
My bf (35M) choose his job over me (28F). Relationship length 5,5 years.
Is there a way to completely loose a contact after blocking them on WhatsApp to avoid temptation to unblock?
Boyfriend (m20) left me (m21) and I don’t know what to tell him
My bf (35M) choose his job over me (28F)
Had a argument with girlfriend(19F).
Does this mean he (27M) will break up with me (28F)
Is there a way to completely loose a contact after blocking them on WhatsApp to avoid temptation to unblock?
Is there a way to completely loose a contact after blocking them on WhatsApp to avoid temptation to unblock?
How do I [23M] break up with my girlfriend [21F] when she literally won't leave my apartment when I try?
Boyfriend (m20) left me (m21), I don’t know what to tell him
Would you date a single mom of one?
Breakup advice?
My boyfriend (38) scratches his dick a lot in front of anyone
I (24F) feel guilty about moving out of my parents (60M/60F) house?
I’m (24F) moving out of my parents (60M/60F) house and I feel immense guilt?
Should we take a break or break up?
I (33F) blurted that I'm pregnant to my husband (37F). I immediately came clean an hour later.
Wife and I have extremely different views on current events
WWYD - friend’s abusive fiancé is possibly trying to cheat and she’s in cognitive dissonance
I (21F) recently got my first cold sore. I feel very anxious about starting another relationship now, I don't feel like anyone will want me.
Whats appropriate here?
Are my parents toxic? What should I do?
Should we take a break or break up
How can I get my ex back while being friends?
Are these toxic qualities? What should I do?
Mom texting me about anniversary of dead dad. I don't care. How to respond? (F40s)
Was I sexually assaulted/emotionally abused in my past relationship??
Does cohabitation delay marriage in your experience? Boyfriend (32M) and I (29F) have been living together for 5 years.
Letting someome go
This gay guy (19M) I’ve (19M) recently started talking to just said something that has made me question what to do next.
Has my (30f) relationship with (30m) become toxic? Is it time to end it?
(F24) and (M23) - Uncomfortable with boyfriends female co worker
My (27M) have realised I spend all my time managing my girlfriend's (28F) depression. I feel exhausted and don't know what to do anymore.
How long do you have to date before saying "I love you"?
My (24f) boyfriend (32m) has faked the existance of a common friend
My (28f) husband (28m) really dislikes my grandmother (86f) and I don’t want to ruin either relationship
My [21F] best friend of 10 years [22F] has had rapid personality shift and I don’t know how to handle it
I’m (25/F) thinking of breaking off my engagement with my fiancée (25/M)
Why do guys text me and then not respond
Why do guys text me and then not respond
Difficulty getting along with person in friends group
Not sure if my bf genuinely wants our relationship to be over or if he’s suffering from depression.
Husband (55M) looks at NSFW Reddit every day
Why do guys always text me and then not respond?
Is my (21F) relationship with my boyfriend (21M) weird
I'm (25M) torn between two girls (25F and 26F)
My (F31) brother (M36) is ruining our parents (M,F60s) lives!
My (24f) boyfriend (32m) has faked the existance of a common friend
is the BIG question coming soon?!
I’m [M19] possessive, manipulative, clingy, and jealous of my best friend [F18] and don’t know how to change
I'm (25m) torn between two girls (25f and 26f)
I’m [19M] possessive, clingy, jealous and manipulative to my best friend [18F] and I don’t know how to stop
is the BIG question coming soon?!
How to tell my boyfriend I want to download a dating app just to meet friends?
My girlfriend [F35] has an issue with her foreign parents, and I'm suffering for it [M45]
Husband (55M) always looking at nsfw Reddit
My (26F) sister (31F) has emotional issues and I am wondering if I should cut her out.
My [21F] best friend of 10 years [22F] has had rapid personality shift and I don’t know what to do
All of the stress of *literally everything* has me (34M) somehow using sex as a coping mechanism. Except it’s the last thing on my wife’s (33F) mind. It’s driving me crazy, what can I do?
Too many NSFW posts?
My(22F) boyfreind(26M) of 3 years, has weird fsntasies...
Is my (21F) relationship with my boyfriend (21M) weird?
My(22F) boyfreind(26M) has weird fantasies
Is my (21F) relationship with my boyfriend (21M) weird?
My girlfriend [F35] has an issue with her foreign parents, and I'm suffering for it [M45]
Marrying your first love? I (F 23) want to marry my first love (M 24)
I (25M) am torn between two women (25F and 26F)
Marrying your first love? I (F 23) want to marry my boyfriend (M 24) and he’s my first love!
Marrying your first love/first bf or gf?
Break up after 4 years and she's just fine
Break up after 4 years and she's perfectly fine
23[F] who wants a relationship with someone both my sister and I like[d]
Sister wants me to visit, BIL is creepy
Sister wants me to visit, BIL is creepy
My (20) ex GF (20) texted me after a period of no contact. What should I do?
I've just been broken up with
The last few times I [M34] have slept with my wife [32] there has been an issue.
I don't think I love him anymore...
My ex is awkward to me at work
From my first relationship I learned I'm a pathetic pushover who needs to grow some back bone
I (34f) married my best friend (35m) and now he has no one to talk to.
Did I(31M) treat this girl(34F) immaturely?
My (25)M crush and friend (23)F is being cheated on
I (23, F) slept with one of my good guy friends (23, M) and now it's all confusing
My boyfriend (24M) doesn't talk to me(24F) for days in a distance relationship
Did I treat this girl immaturely?
Should I stop texting her?
How much of your stash do you share with a s/o?
My (34F) SO's (37M) repetitive habits are driving me insane
She reminds me of my ex-girlfriend SO much - do I call it off?
How to cope when your mum doesn't like you
How much of your stash do you share with your s/o
Coping when your mother doesn't like you
Am I settling?
Am I settling?
How can I stop feeling worthless just because I'm a kiss-less virgin at 23?
Finding out about secret apps and sexting 6 years and 3 kids later
Am I settling?
Am I just settling?
I[23F] have anxiety over learning my boyfriend's[26M] language
How do people even make friends in their 20s?
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) not paying his fair share of rent and utilities.
How can I stop feeling worthless just because I'm a kiss-less virgin at 23?
My [20F] boyfriend [19M] has terrible conversational skills.
Single (F29) and childless but want to be a SAHM
I[23F] have anxiety surrounding learning my boyfriend's [25M] language
Single and childless but want to be a SAHM
My (27m) wife (25f) left me and I am having trouble adjusting
My (32m) Girlfriend (32f) was engaged before and we want to get engaged ourselves. Does the past effect / devalue this?
M24, how does it work when everything has been split 50/50 with her F25.
My (27m) wife (25f) just left me and I am having trouble adjusting
Will she come back?
M24 How do break ups work when you've split most things half half with her F25.
Looking for advice to see if I'm wasting my time
Will she come back?
I’m not sure if it’s allowed, but this post is to give you advice.
Looking for advice to see if I'm wasting my time
My mom bugs me about not hanging out with ppl at uni
Trying to tell if I'm wasting my time
Is there something seriously wrong with how my ex (M19) acted towards me (F20)? Or am I being too sensitive?
My mom often bugs me about not hanging out with ppl from uni
Is there something seriously wrong with how my ex (M19) acted towards me (F20)? Or am I too sensitive...
"I (25M) and my girlfriend (26F) live together, but there is something wrong"
I (25M) and my girlfriend (26F) live together, but there is something wrong
Can't seem to fix this toxic relationship!
Will she be back?
My (F22) best friend is jealous of me meeting our and my bf's mutual friends [Long]
I think my (26F) white bf (29M) of 7 months has yellow fever...
Polyamorous relationship and struggling with mental health
I just wanna be sweet and mail my gf things
I think my (26F) white bf (29M) of 7 months has yellow fever...
I think my (26F) white bf (29M) of 7 months has yellow fever...
We're in a distance relationship temporarily but my (24F) boyfriend (24M) doesn't talk/text to me for days
Mental health and polyamorous dating
I think my (26F) bf (29M) for 7 months might have yellow fever..
My boyfriend seems to have no interest in being intimate.. how do I saw my relationship?
I could be falling in love with my Bestfriend
Best friend VS soulmate. What do I do?
I’m [24F] beginning to think I don’t even really like my friends as people. Where do I do from here?
Is it cheating, if when rekindling she says that even though I'm not ready to say it back, she considers herself to be my gf, introduces me as her bf, but goes and sleeps with multiple dudes?
My boyfriend(18) is very pro-life, even to the point of pro-forced birth. I(F17) am a victim of sexual assault and am casually pro-choice. I’m upset that he thinks rape victims should be forced to carry an unwanted child fathered by their rapist.
Only child and worried for mum (help)
Only child and worried for my mum (help)
Best friend versus soulmate? Who do I pick?
Share your dating story.
Talking to my ex, boundaries are very unclear
Is marriage counseling always worth doing?
My [20] girlfriend [19] still responding to her fwb.
On and off boyfriend of 4 years and my best friend... On the other hand, exciting person I believe is my soulmate. Who do I choose?
Is it cheating, if when rekindling she (23/F) says that even though I'm (24/M) not ready to say it back, she considers herself to be my gf, introduces me as her bf, but goes and sleeps with multiple dudes?
Should I (F24) change my relationship with (M23) from monogamous to polyamorous?
Trollop: In Love with One, Wanting Another
I feel like I am not seen as worthy of a long-term relationship by my partners. They stay and leave as soon as they find someone better than me and more perfect for them. Should I accept that I'll be forever alone? Is there really something wrong with me?
Should I tell my (16M) Dad (53M) that I might have ADHD?
Would you respond to messages from a fwb while in a relationship?
Dude who assaulted my (M20s) Gf (F20s) keeps calling after a year of fr not talking to him. Should I call him to stop?
Would you respond to a past fwb if they messages you while you are in a relationship?
My (26f) boyfriend (24M) is starting to go back to his old ways and I'm feeling stuck.
I feel no one needs me(23f)
I feel no one needs me (23f)
Extroverts Singles Phone Date, Finding It Tough to Interact, Here are 3 Ways to Learn
Is it cheating, if when rekindling she says that even though I'm not ready to say it back, she considers herself to be my gf, introduces me as her bf, but goes and sleeps with multiple dudes?
My (26f) husband (24m) may be back to his old ways, and I feel stuck.
Extroverts Singles Phone Date, Finding It Tough to Interact, Here are 3 Ways to Learn
Extroverts Singles Phone Date, Finding It Tough to Interact, Here are 3 Ways to Learn
Autistic brother is taking a toll on mental health
(31f)Confused and just found out not all women love anal when told by bf (28m) NSFW SERIOUS Only
32f and single for 7 years— is it too late?
Girlfriend of 3 years slight be giving up on our relationship. What do I do?
At what point do I (29 m) tell my friend (50s m) I'm not willing to keep this friendship?
Very toxic and Damaging Family
I [29F] Can Feel My Heart Being Ripped Out of My Chest
what should i do?
I [29M] need help please Reddit
would me (19m) dating this girl(22f) be a rebound? if she is- then what do i do we so stop acting romantic?
I (23F) have feelings for my bf (34M) but I am bothered by our age difference
I’m 32f and single for 7 years— is it too late?
Girlfriend of 3 years might be giving up on our relationship. What do I do?
My [30/M] long time friend [28/F] blocked me on IG for an unknown reason. How can I find out why?
I (23F) have feelings for my bf (34M) but am bothered by our age difference
Worried for both of my buddies mental wellbeing.
My [33 M] girlfriend [33 F] doesn't like her appearance or the sound of her voice, how can I be supportive?
I (19M) feel like I did something awful ):
It’s been years and I can’t stop thinking about what my ex did to me.
Brother is taking a toll on my mental health
How do I (20F) tell him how much I like him (26M)
Need help dealing with a bipolar friend
Need help dealing with a Bipolar friend
Did my [55M] former boss just hit on me[28F]?
(22y) Broke up after 5 years from a toxic BF, now feeling like i wasted alot. (LONG)
Am I (25) right to ask my dad (56) about the money he borrowed?
Does this mean he (27M) has thought about breaking up with me (28F)
Did my [55M] former boss just hit on me [28F]?
Older brother is taking a toll on my mental health
My brother is taking a toll on my mental health
My brother is taking a toll on my mental health.
nh
It’s been years and I can’t stop thinking about what my ex did to me.
help
My brother is taking a toll on my mental health.
9 short stories on love & relationships
Fiancé (42,M)and I (33, F) together 3 years, had a confusing time with planning our future wedding. Now, with Covid, all plans have been completely scrapped. He still wants to get married but doesn’t think a wedding is worth talking about at the moment because of the virus.
Break up stories
My (50F) friend (52M) is obsessed with his ex (28F)
N klkhmmk
I (24M) broke up with my girlfriend (20F) after 14 months to save her from my toxicity.
Unsure what to do?
My [37m] boyfriend drinks a lot and I [32f] am lost.
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) called me stupid and the things I say come out of my ass
I am feeling lonely after leaving a toxic relationship
Should I been seeing a guy whos wife has just passed away?
My boyfriend (23M) wants us to move again
At what point do you just stop trying?
I M[29]treated my ex F [29] poorly and I made a failed attempt to reach out to her and she sent me a message that made me feel bad about myself and I’m not sure how to respond
My flings son found about me hooking up with his dad
Husband on Bumble
My boyfriend (23M) wants us to move again
Mom (6? F) might be committing fraud, and I'm (22) not sure how to feel?
(f18) My ex (m20) boyfriend is verbally attacking me
I'm worried I'm going to fall for my friend again
My mother (50F) got caught badmouthing my (25M) wife (25F)
If my bf and I were a movie couple, what would we be?
Needing space from husband
Boyfriend told me he's going on vacation without me.
I'm not always attracted to my boyfriend. Is this normal?
Help on asking someone out.
Advice please! Husband won’t leave me the heck alone.
My [23M] girlfriend [23F] and I have been arguing for the past week and I can't work out if Im in the wrong.
My [23M] best friend [22F] is becoming increasingly depressed and distant and I don't know what to do to help her
I think my boyfriend [22M] just had a bizarre panic attack. I [24M] don't know what to do.
My (22/M) boyfriend of six months wanted to break up with me (22/F) over political views.
Wondering if I should move in with my guy friend
My [23M] best friend [22F] is becoming increasingly distant and I don't know why
I think my boyfriend [22M] just had a bizarre panic attack. I [24M] don't know what to do.
Facebook dating app
Help
I'm in love with my best friend but she's a lesbian
I'm in love with my best friend but she's a lesbian
Wife constantly causes drama over friend's gf, help
My (24 F) old FWB (25 M) has been coming into my work with his new GF (24 F) and I’m about to lose if.
My (18M) gf (23F) has a boss who likes her
What would've been our 1 year anniversary
How to deal with lack of intimacy during the pandemic?
How can I learn to forgive my (F25) bf M(26)?
How to deal with my(17M) brother(22M)?
My (23 F) guy friend (23F) sent me an expensive bouquet?
I reached out to my crush. It didn’t work out, but I’m proud and mostly at ease (19 M)
What’s your significant other’s hobby and how much time do they spend doing it?
I haven't spoken to friends in months and I don't know how to reach out.
Friends (married couple) refuse to give my gf a chance, advice
M(20) f(20) Lack of respect for privacy
Friendships at 25 years old (F)?
I haven't spoken to any friends in months and I don't know how to reach out.
How to deal with lack of intimacy during the pandemic?
M(20) F(20) Lack of respect for privacy.
Is privacy and freedom unreasonable?
My F(23) ex gf acting weird
What is a nice thing to do for two kind bailiffs I (33f) work with at the courthouse? (50f 50m)
Me [18 F] and my boyfriend [19 M] have been together for 8 months. He made an onlyfans, and I don't know if I should be upset.
My (23) ex-gf acting weird
What is a nice thing to do for two amazing bailiffs I work with at a courthouse right now?
Need Advice on How to talk to my Husband.
My brother (9M) is sending me (14M) into a state of depression.
My (27M) weird snapchat convo with ex (26F) ???
My brother has sent me into a state of depression
I can't trust my husband, and I don't know how to talk to him about it. (COVID-19)
He (21M) left me for his ex. Now I think he might want me back (21F)
I hung out with a guy I met on a dating app. I thought it went well but I haven’t received a text. Should I text him or just forget about it?
I reached out to my crush. It didn’t work out, but I’m proud and mostly at ease (19 M)
Why am I (21M) scared of committing to the girl (20F) that I actually do quite like even though this is what I have initially wanted?
He(21M) left me for his ex. Now I think he wants me back (21F). Need advice
Why am I (21M) scared of committing to the girl (20F) that I actually do quite like even though this is what I have initially wanted?
Should I be upset? My boyfriend made an onlyfans
My (27m) weird snapchat convo with ex (26f) ???
23 Male 22 Female (Need Advise on Breaking Up)
I hung out with a guy I met on a dating app and I thought it went well but I still haven’t received a text. Should I text him or just forget about it?
I just wish my parents wouldn’t be so hard on me.
I just wish my parents wouldn’t be so harsh on me.
(23M) (22F) Need advises
(23 M) Broke Up (22F) Need tips on moving on.
Female(21) trying to get over abusive male(25)
Strange snapchat contact with ex
I hung out with a guy from tinder...I thought the night went well but I haven’t received a text..should I try texting him or just leave it and move on?
[17M] Need advice on thinking of breaking up with girlfriend [17F]
Roommates girlfriend won't leave
my (20f) boyfriend (23m) is kinda dumb
i (20f) love my boyfriend (23m) but he’s kinda dumb
Sometimes not taking it personally puts things into perspective
Any couples ever tried a threesome..? (20M) , (20F)
My trauma makes me worried about the future
My (22F) ex?? (21M) and I have an extremely complicated relationship and I’m not sure if it’s worth ending or not.
How can I (22F) support my sister (19F)?
What do you consider the top signs that someone isn’t truly your friend?
How can I (22F) support my sister (19F)?
asdfasdfdasf
Overcoming loneliness after a breakup?
Overcoming loneliness after a breakup?
how do i (16f) get my guardian (58f) to cooperate with me, and accommodate my disabilities?
My [27F] Ex-Girlfriend Wants to Get Back Together With Me [29M], But I've Met Someone Else
My (22F) ex?? (21M) and I have an extremely complicated relationship and I’m not sure if it’s worth ending or not.
I need some validation and advice. Please help?
In what ways have you been trained by your SO? Is it positive or negative reinforcement? Do you train as well?
I(33m) was dumped by my GF(28f). Would like some help.
Finally realized why I'm always so defensive against my parents, what do I do now?
I Think My 14 yo Mentee is Pregnant
I (15M) had my room burned down by mistake and my dad is upset that my step dad bought me some stuff.
My girlfriend has changed so much in a bad way... What should I do?
My ( 25 F ) boyfriend (22 M) messages to other people
Is it a good or bad idea to let a 15 year old viist her mom Who is in jail for seven months?
My boyfriend told me he wants space. I'm confused.
I (24M) need help getting over/letting go
My [20/m] mom [49/f] cries on the phone daily about how much she misses me. I want to move on in life. What can I do?
My (20m) boyfriend says I (18f) ask so many questions
UPDATE: My (F/33) BF (M/35) keeps pushing me beyond my comfort zone in sex...
My boyfriend says I ask too many questions
My [20F] brother [22M] has a concerning coping mechanism for his mental health.
Got dumped today. I'd like to think it was mutual, but it probably wasn't. Would like an explanation.
My [20f] brother [22M] has a concerning coping mechanism for his mental illness.
My hot & cold friend
Struggling with my autistic girlfriend burnout
boyfriend talking to other girls
I (24M) have been getting annoyed at my Girlfriend (25F) for no reason. I don't understand, and I want these feeling to stop.
Do I [21F] cut my losses and move on or try to stick with this guy [22M]?
My boyfriend (27M) of 8 months wants me (25F) to move cross country to live with him. Opinions?
I'm (20F) not meshing well with my online friends (20-22F/M)friends(20-25F/M) they add on our server
My [F19] girlfriend wants me to get rid of a sweater my ex got me [M20]
Do I cut my losses and move on or try to stick with this guy?
Need some advice on how help my autistic girlfriend during her burnout
I (M22) was in an open relationship with the girl (F22) of my dreams but wasn't ready for the commitments of a closed relationship, she couldn't take it anymore and broke up with me. Now I'm extremely heartbroken missing her but still don't know if I'm ready to give up my single life.
I'm torn between the past and the present
Boyfriend is best friends with the girl he’s had feelings for.
Am I self sabotaging my relationship
My girlfriend (F15) just told me (M16) that she wants to move to another country for a colage
My girlfriend (F15) just told me (M16) that she wants to move to another country for a colage.
LADS help please
Lads I Need Help
Lads, I Need Help
Is it lockdown that’s killed my relationship or was it not meant to be anyway?
Feel like I’m in the wrong friend group but can’t leave because their the only friends I have. Any advice?
Boyfriend and messages
I feel betrayed...
I (37m) suspect my best friend (36m) has an addiction to spending money on cellphone games, alcohol, cigarettes, and other non essential items. I don't know how to help him.
Feel like I’m in the wrong friend group and I can’t leave because their the only friends I have, any advice?
I (30M) need to decide if my gf (39F) of 8 years is the one. Literally, the only one.
I [20F] met his [27M] parents on accident and I don't know how to talk about it to him
What is Wrong With Appreciating Female Features?
Will 3 weeks apart change how she feels about us?
I'm not sure how to feel about this
Maybe I'm just being a brat?
Gf is scarred from coercive ex
How can I [18M] get the therapy and help I need so that I don’t drive people away like this ever again?
My boyfriend changed and i dont know what to do?
My (26f) SO (26m) disregards my feelings
Help coping with distance
Gf is scarred from coercive ex
My (26/f) SO (26/m) disregards my feelings
My boyfriend changed and i don’t know what to do?
Date ideas during COVID
I (28m) feel extremely unsupported and that my (27F)) fiancé is questioning my core beliefs.
How do you know you truly love someone?
How to go about “sliding in her DM’s” without it coming off weird?
I feel like a burden and I don't know what to do anymore
I have(21M) Post Nut Regret with Girlfriend(19F)
My (20M) Dad (54M) makes my mothers (54F) life hell when he doesn't have gambling money. Can anyone give me some advice?
My [30F] boyfriend [30M] of 8 months gets pissy whenever I'm nice to my ex-husband
I (25m) think I'm falling for my friend (28f) and need advice.
I feel extremely unsupported (28M) and like the core of my values are being questioned by my partner (27F).
Wife is cheating on husband (fm early 40s). Do I, the nanny (f22) tell him? Is it problematic that I’m attracted to him?
Rocky (Balboa) times between me (29M) and my girlfriend (24F)
Rocky (Balboa) times between me (29M) and my girlfriend (24F)
I (25m) think im falling for my friend (28f) and I need advice.
Rocky (Balboa) times with me (29M) and my girlfriend (24F)
Rocky (Balboa) times!
My husband keeps bailing on stuff at the last minute and it's getting frustrating
My BF used to have feelings for his best friend.
My BF used to be in love with his best friend
All of the stress of *literally everything* has me (34M) somehow using sex as a coping mechanism. Except it’s the last thing on my wife’s (33F) mind. It’s driving me crazy, what can I do?
My ex would threaten suicide, but I don’t know if it was genuine?(22F)
Is it wrong that my F(21) fiancé wants to strip and i’m M(24) okay with it?
I M[22] my gf [23] my girl doesn’t want to grow up
Big changes in our lives
I think my gf ( 25 ) might be cheating on me ( 25 years old male) and probably i will never know , which makes me extremely anxious
Big Change in our Lives
Why am I (22/F) nostalgic for my ex (21/M)?
Advise on moving on and forgetting someone
How do I navigate the relationship with my narrow-minded father?
Went on my first date with a girl I’ve been talking to for a month now; we ended the date by shaking hands
I have an internet friend that's really depressed
Me (25M), Girl (25F): Should I try to win over the girl again???
Why am I (22/F) nostalgic for my (21/M) Ex-boyfriend?
How do I navigate my (22F) relationship with my narrowminded father (56M)?
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) can't decide whether to end our relationship of 1.5 years.
How do I navigate my relationship with my narrow-minded father?
23 [F] needs relationship advice about 26 [M]?
Is it my duty as a white person (21f) to address my parent's racism (54f and 62m) in the wake of the anti-racism protests?
I (23F) think my dad (63M) might be cheating on my mom (61F)
GF (21F) of 2 years thinks I (21M) cheated on her and broke up with me because I hid and lied about seeing an old highschool friend (18F) even though I did not cheat and had no bad intentions with the friend at all. PLEASE HELP!
How does it make you feel knowing someone you hate is sad?
Having fights with my boyfriend (26) about money issues.
Is threatening suicide abusive?(22F)
I think my dad is cheating on my mom
moving on and trying to forget someone and memories
How do I (21 F), tell my boyfriend (22M) that his friend (22F) was trying to get him to have an emotional affair?
I think my (29M) boyfriend (26M) is too close to my brother. Is my anxiety justified?
23 [F] needs relationship advice about 26 [M]
I think my dad is cheating on my mom
moving on and forgetting someone please help
Me [21 M] with my didn't mention to my Gf[21F] of 2 years that I hung out with an old high school friend (18F) three times and lied at first when it came up even though I did not do anything inappropriate with that friend.
My (21M) Girlfriend (20F) doesn't trust me.
My (29M) boyfriend (26M) gets along too well with my brother and I don't know if my anxiety is justified
My mother (59F) pushed my (31F) sons (10months) stroller near a street out of anger
Please can anyone give some advice on moving on and forgetting someone (online)
Boyfriend and I broke up
Is it my (21f) duty to debate my parents (54f and 62m) about the anti-racism protests going on right now?
Seeking advise on how to help "guide" my brother (20M) who has gone off the rails
My roommate/best friend [22M] is ALWAYS in the living room and I’m [22F] starting to feel like it’s not shared space anymore
My boyfriend (M,24) and I (F,26) are embarrassed by each other
Boyfriend avoids me when I am upset
My mother (59F) pushed my (31F) sons (10 month) stroller near a street out of anger
What did I learn?
[F] I Need Dating Advice?
Me [20 M] with my Ex-Girlfriend [19 F] 3 years 8 months, Bad break-up, her mother threatens me.
How do I (20sF) say no to my Aunt (50sF)?
What did I learn?
I [22f] want a baby soon, [37m] hesitant. How to work through this?
My (22,F,USA) girlfriend (24,F,CANADA) broke up with me last week saying she’s too numb to be in a relationship currently, we’re still friends but we barely talk. I don’t know whether to help her, be angry or sad
How do I (20sF) say no to my Aunt (50sF)?
My mother (59F) pushed my (31F) sons (10months) stroller near a street out of anger
I (21F) want to move out from my Strict parents house.
My (24F) fiancé (24M) said he was indifferent to death and I'm really worried
My (F22) boyfriend (M30) is having bad anxiety/depressed over what I post online.
I (26f) finally texted my crush (30m) today
Seeking advise on how to help my 20 y.o brother who has gone off the rails
I think my (32M) ex-girlfriend (32F) was gaslighting me...or, I simply do not understand the world the way it should be understood.
How to manage stress of my [20, M] girlfriend's [19,F] of 2.5 years?
I (24F) am trying to decide what to say to a friend (28F) who I believe is obsessed with a guy on an unhealthy level.
My boyfriend (23M) wants us to move again
Advice for me (24F) dealing with a friend (28F) who is obsessed with a guy at an unhealthy, borderline crazy level.
I need help getting over someone I wasn't with
Why can’t my 23(M) friend be happy for me now that I have a new boyfriend?
GF (20F) of three years taking a break from me (23M) indefinitely. Is there a chance?
Friend took photo of me without consent
If I seriously suggested therapy to my boyfriend, would I be obligated to help pay/fully pay for it?
My (24F) husband (25M) left me because of my relationship with my ex
My (20m) girlfriend (23f) told someone I'm stupid and I didn't graduate high school.
My Dad [60M] keeps kicking snails, and it's bothering me [30F]...
My husband left me because of my relationship with my ex
If I seriously suggested therapy to my boyfriend, would I be obligated to help pay/fully pay for it?
Boyfriend avoids me when I get upset
My sister is racist and sexist
My Dad [60M] keep kicking snails snails, and it's really bothering me [30F]....
I feel like a fool. Convinced my husband doesn't love me or our children.
My sister is racist and sexist
I (26f) finally texted my crush (30m) last night...
My [F26] boyfriend [M26] refuses to brush his teeth in the morning
My (20m) girlfriend (23f) made fun of me for not graduating high school to a friend
Why do i (M21) Struggled with dating/relationships
Feeling hurt at not being invited to a wedding and struggling to not be *that* person
My [30F] boyfriend [30M] doesn’t believe in modern medicine.
How do I keep a long distance relationship strong
I (23f) and my (28m) boyfriend are getting into fights due to his twin brother living with us
I (24) F have lost sexual attraction to (25) M boyfriend of years.
I ( 25 male ) think that my gf ( 25) might be cheating on me.
How can I (25F) ask my roommate (28F) to move out?
Coworkers spreading rumours
Me (25M), Girl (25F): Should I try to win over the girl again???
My Boyfriend/guy I'm dating may be on a road trip with older woman
How do I support my (27F) coworker (37F) who is leaning on me for support while facing mental health issues that are exacerbated by quarantine?
At 18, I broke my (m42) boss’s marriage and home life.
TL;DR I (24) F have lost sexual attraction to BF (24) after years of relationship
How important in dating and impressing people anymore?
At 18, I broke my (m42) marriage and home life
I (23F) can't help but feeling worthless after being stuck in this dating limbo
I (24) have lost my sexual drive towards BF (25) after years of relationship
My Boyfriend/guy I'm dating may be on a road trip with older woman!
I (17M) am losing the only happiness in my life - my girlfriend but also very bestfriend (17F) and I totally don't know what to do.
My boyfriend's [32M] friend [29F] died a month ago and unsure if he knows. Do I [24F] tell him?
How to start flirting with gf all over again after we've been in relationship for 3 years?
How do I deal with being the less likeable partner in the relationship [27m] and [25m]
I (28F) am struggling to have a relationship with my overbearing parents (60sM/F). Apart from cutting them off, do I have any options?
How to start flirting with my gf after 3 years of relationship?
27m, 25f. I really like this girl. But I’m getting super mixed signals
Should I forgive someone who neglected a cat?
How should I(25) proceed about my first relationship
27m, 25f. I really like this girl. But I’m getting super mixed signals
Does anyone who has suffered sexual and/or emotional abuse by the hand of their parents still have a relationship with them?
How to start flirting again with my gf after 3 years of relationship?
I (14F) am tired of my cousin (19M) living with us
Should I forgive someone who neglected a cat??
What does she even mean?!
How to encourage romance: can men answer this please?
I (23m) am in a relationship with a someone (23f). she went back to her town to quarintine with her family since the quarintine started 74 days ago and i think this quarantine will prevent me from seeing her all this year.
"Unofficial" bf is 'uncomfortable' with my ex who passed away.
My (26F) mother (58F) is taking advantage of renting me an apartment she owns with my step-dad (M69).
I (26F) said something harsh to my girlfriend (24F) and she hasn’t come home since
Family is forcing a weird set up situation
Family is forcing a weird set up situation on me at work
Should I still be best friends with someone who rejected me even after I moved on?
Is he [32M] waiting for me [25F] to text or just losing interest?
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) broke up with me after 2.5 years and I feel broken
Having some trouble
My (24F) boyfriend (23M) of 10 months didn’t want to make a big deal of his birthday but then made plans for it without telling me first
My boyfriend (M18) says he doesn´t love me (F17) anymore.
I wanna take my girlfriend out on a date for her birthday but california is still under quarantine, what can i do?
I (23m) am in a relationship with a someone (23f). she went back to her town to quarintine with her family since the quarintine started 74 days ago and i think this quarantine will prevent me from seeing her all this year.
My [21F] mom [60F] won't stop wearing shoes in my room.
How to get my [21F] mom [60sF] to stop wearing shoes in my room?
My boyfriend (M18) says he doesn´t love me (F18) anymore.
How do I (21F) stop being jealous of my SO (23M)
Cheating? Am I over reacting?
How should I(25) provers about my first experience?
My (39F) stepson (14M) is upset his dad and I are trying for a baby.
My wife is dealing with self-harm and needs space
My boyfriend (M18) says he doesn´t love me (F17) anymore
How should I(25) proceed about my first experience?
My wife is dealing with self-harm and needs space
I don’t know how should I react on everything what’s going on between me and my crush
My bf (29M) broke up with me (28F) out of pain
I [18M] plan on moving out because of my mom’s attitude towards me, I need advice on how to make my plans
I have never been in a relationship [24M], and it's catching up
What is wrong with me [20M] and is there any fixing it?
How to start this conv?
What would you do when an ex (35M) comes back after they broke up and requested no contact from you (25F)?
Did I do the right thing by breaking up with my ex?
[Question] How can I stop reverting back to my old ways before I learned CBT?
Is name-calling and yelling always abusive?
What would you do when an ex comes back after they were the one who broke up and requested no contact?
I (23F) can't stop thinking about my ex (24M) because a secret is weighing on me
Dealing with girlfriend on her period
Posting on behalf of my sister [28f]. She keeps asking me for advice on introducing a guy she is seeing [30m] to her rather offbeag spiritual beliefs and I'm not sure what to tell her.
Sex talk
My (23F) partner (32F) needs constant change
Lost sight of my cognitive behavioral techniques and now I'm slowly going back to my old toxic ways
Me [Mid 20s F] with the guy I'm dating [mid 20s M] - okay to gift him something cute already?
My (M22) parents (M51, F50) just told me and my 3 siblings (M19, M15, F14) that they're getting divorced. How can I help my siblings?
Why did he (26) lose interest in me (25)f?
Is name-calling and yelling ALWAYS abusive in a relationship?
How to start this conv?
My [20f] dad [52m] found out that I went to the protests, he told me that he will no longer be paying for my apartment in a safe neighborhood. He says he will only pay for me to live in the ghetto.
As an introvert, I have limited friends. It hurts more when I have feelings for a friend but she has never given it a thought. Now I can't lose her as a friend but I can't stop thinking about her too. I won't be seeing her for a month, but should I write her my thoughts or just let it be?
Relationship-endless talking stage ADVICE NEEDED!
Is it too much for me (27M) to offer to meet her (25F) in the middle for a second date with her?
Normal?
I (23F) can't stop thinking about my ex (24M) because a secret is weighing on me
I (23F) can't stop thinking about my ex (24M) because a secret is weighing on me
My [24 M] brother [28 M] is destroying my family and I don’t know what to do
Coworker announced Divorce - how can I be supportive
My (30/F) sister (35/F) keeps making slick remarks about mine and my fiancé's (30/M) long-term relationship.
I got a boyfriend!
My boyfriend left me without saying goodbye...
Partner (45F) asked why they feel angry at me (50M). Why would I know?
Noticing my boyfriend tells a lot of (relatively innocent) white lies... what to do about it?
My(21M) girlfriend(20F) is having second thoughts about moving in with me because her mother told her my family does not approve
My Parents in Laws are having problems with boundaries (specially my father in law)
Do you think something happened to my friend or she just deleted her accounts?
My (24F) friend (27M) seems interested in me, but only after many, many failed attempts at dating other girls.
Covid19 - how to deal with staying at home all day while my SO still works?
Am I (19F) selfish for continuing a relationship with my (26M) boyfriend?
how do i (20f) help my boyfriend (24m) who doesn’t want help?
My [26F] boyfriend [28M] is letting a homeless man stay in his apartment and can't see why this could be dangerous.
My (21M) mother’s(51F) not welcoming of my relationships
Update on previos post. F(26) seeing a therapist over a breakup with M(24).
Found a box of exes old stuff, what do I do with it?
Working out romance between a person (43F) with a good life and a person with a not-so-good life (44M)
Am I (19F) selfish to continue a relationship with my (26M) boyfriend?
I (18NB) feel like I've been the older sibling to my sibling (21NB) since we were children
NSFW videos of me [25F] have been posted online and I want to move on without freaking out my Muslim father [50sM]
Found a box of exes old stuff, what do I do with it?
He said “I want to like you” in his sleep
How to fix relationship with sister after a huge falling out
tw: sexual abuse, emotional abuse
My (49F) Mom is going to get my Dad (65M) sick from her stupidity. Reddit what the hell can I do?
My boyfriend is letting a homeless stay in his apartment and doesn't recognize that it could be dangerous.
I(24F) ended up having to block one of my friends (28M) because he kept sending me hateful/extremist and racist stuff. Did I do the right thing?
Jealousy is killing me
My (34 f) partner (34 m) is ignorant and racist and I'm stuck with him in lockdown.
I think I might be in an emotionally abusive relationship .
Update on my last post. F (26) Seeing a thearpist over a brwakup I had with M(24) and other things
When should I (19M) Try to Meet Up With Friend (19F) Again?
My cousin is using me and so ignorant
Am I being too pushy?
Partner (45F) asked why they feel angry at me (50M). Why would I know?
Am I being too pushy?
I (23m) have given up on relationships
I (28M) am getting annoyed with my partner (29F) over one of her work colleagues
When should I (19M) Try to Meet Up With Friend (19F) Again?
Please help
My(21M) girlfriend(20F)'s mother says my family might not approve of my girlfriend and I's plans of moving in together
Help
Please help
I (25F) need reassurance from my bf (28m) but it’s never enough.
I [M28] was the other man and we fell in love. What do I do now?
How soon is too soon.... buying a house together.
Partner asked why they feel angry at me. Why would I know?
My [22m] fiance [22f] of 5 years called off the wedding, broke up with me, now cant make up her mind what she wants. im at a total loss.
Update on my last post. Update on how I'm feeling after seeking therapy and other things.
Working out romance between a person with a good life and a person with a not-so-good life
Would you get back together with an ex who cheated on you?
My (32M) partner (30F) has no interest in a physical relationship since we had a kid
My (34 f) partner (34 m) is racist. How do I leave?
How soon is too soon.... buying a house together.
Finally told my [28m] GF [24f] that I am unhappy cause I don’t feel like a priority. Need help to move forward!
missing my ex
I (27F) feel like my boyfriend's (34M) child
missing my ex
My [19M] SO hides me [19F] from his parents.
Am I (24F) unfair for not allowing boyfriend's (32M) friend (33M) to come over?
Hi
Space X has launched my [27F] GF [26F] into deep self doubt and regret
My (23F) (24M) relationship has had a setback and I need advice
My (23F) relationship with my partner (24M) has had a setback. Need advice
Doesn’t respond but is always 1st to view my insta stories
Relationship setback. Need advice
My [26M] fiance wants me [25F] to make all of his appointments despite my own anxiety.
At what point do you know you (F/19) are in a controlling relationship (M/20) and stop trying to just agree to disagree
Need to be single?
My (29 M) wife (32F) is a high conflict person. I am a low conflict person.
My (29 M) wife (32F) is a high conflict person. I am a low conflict person. I am often very stressed out by her conflicts with others.
My [19M] girlfriend [19F] is attending the George Floyd protests in Minneapolis and not supporting me.
I [19M] stopped talking to my girlfriend [19F] for a couple of days because she went to the protests in Minneapolis
What to do when your (26F) bf (30M) best friend is a girl?
How did you make it work? F(27) M(32)
How to make things work F(27) M(32)
What to do when your (26F) bf (30M) is a girl?
Man I was casually seeing may have crossed a line? or several? need opinions
Mental illness and relationships
I(21) caught my brother in law(20) sniffing my underwear and my fiancé(21) didn’t say much about it. 2 stories in one.
Mental illness and relationships?
How to make things work
My boyfriend (M,25) is a simp..?
Male 29 and Female 27 is constantly stressed out about everything.
I’m hurt that my boyfriend has replaced what was once my storage space with his stuff. Can i be hurt by that?
M 29 GF 27 always stressed out!
My (18F) best friend(20M) of 3 years likes me and i don't know what to do?
My wife (F29) has been messaging a guy and Im (29M) not sure how to feel about it.
I (29M) found messages from my wife (29) and Im not sure how to feel about it.
I [22 M] have grown out of my friend [22 M], but I don't think he's getting that message.
What the fuck do I do?
We didn't have sex for over two years [26f, 24m]
What the fuck do I do
What the fuck do I do
Building soft skills for relationships without role models or resources
Is it too much for me (27M) to offer to meet her (25F) in the middle for a second date with her?
Should I keep waiting? M (34) F (28)
I ended a good relationship for no real reason other than I wasn’t happy. Did I do the right thing?
Found Instagram Messages
Dangers of a non-relationship
My (29F) boyfriend’s (27M) self-soothing habits are driving me crazy. Is it unfair for me to expect him to change?
I (29 y/o M) found out my GF (23 y/o F) lied about things regarding her ex
Should I keep waiting? M(34) F(28)
Found Instagram Messages
Crush is leaving it is unlikely i will ever see her again...Need advice
Meeting up with tinder match (21M), I (24F) am concerned about my acne scars
My curiosity killed me and now I don’t know what to do
I Updated My Dating Profile, While Dating. Is That Cheating?
My [25F] boyfriend [38] of two years temporarily moved to the other side of the country to escape the pandemic and now I fear it's going to be the end of us.
Is it right to start a relationship while quarantined?
Are relationships overrated?
My (29F) boyfriend’s (27M) self-soothing habits drive me crazy
My close friend (23M) told me (23F) he has feelings for me but he is seeing someone else. What do I do now?
UPDATE: Stuck in this weird 4-way "competition"
How to heal after my bf and I have fought over this so much
I Updated My Dating Profile, While Dating. Is That Cheating?
My boyfriend (27m) pays more attention to his phone than he does to me (26f)
I [24f] want to stop birth control.. how do I tell my [23m] bf?
I [24f] want to stop birth control.. how do I bring it up to my [23m] bf?
My close guy friend told me he has feelings for me but he is seeing someone else. What do I do now?
My boyfriend (27m) pays more attention to his phone than he does to me (26f)
Should I (18M) accept my father's (56M) offer to get me a new phone despite our financial situation?
My [F25] boyfriend [38] of two years temporarily moved to the other side of the country to escape the pandemic, and I fear it's going to be the end of us
[30m][25f] My boyfriend has led on multiple ex gfs just for sex.
why would she [19-20?/f] have him [19/m] delete me [22/f]?
Nostalgic for my ex?
Accidentally Told my Boyfriend "I love you"
My girlfriend (F 25) and I (M 25) of three years keep fighting about physical interaction during the virus.
My friend {F14} Is a Hermaphrodite and me being a straight {M15} I don’t know what to do
To be or not to be
My girlfriend (F 25) and I (M 25) of three years keep fighting about boundaries that should be set during this virus.
To be or not to be
My (49m) live-in gf (46f) hates my cat.
Help with boyfriends friendships, sorry for the long post in advance
How to bridge a
I (20s M) saw porn of close completely platonic female friend (20s) that I don't think she consented to sharing online.
My boyfriend wants me to cut my hair short (22F) (23M)
A friend of mine made this video, talking about relationships, it's funny
Feelings change? love disappears?
My boyfriend wants me to cut my hair short (22F) (23M)
My bf (23M) wants me (22F) to cut my hair short
My (32M) ex (32F) moved in with a guy weeks after breaking up with me. Struggling to cope.
My boyfriend wants me to cut my hair short (22F) (23M)
Is the fact my (F20) boyfriend (M20) had a crush on Lisa Simpson a red flag?
I fought for this feeling until the end.
Long-term relationship break up
Keeping the door open for a past ex but moving on! any advice?
Which of these things do you think would increase my [25M] chances with Chinese girls [20sF] the most?
How do I learn to trust people again?
My (F19) best friend (M20) is in love with my best friend (F20)
I don’t know how to trust a man ever again.
Differences in commitment to social justice is causing strain.
Hello guys
I fought for this feeling until the end
My (F19) best friend (M20) is in love with my best friend (F20)
GF Frequently Accuses me of Complaining
Me [31 M] with my [25 F] 2 year, long distance relationship, did she really want more commitment, or is she covering for adultery? Am I doing the right thing?
I (20s M) saw porn of close completely platonic female friend (20s) that I don't think she consented to sharing online.
GF frequently accuses me of complaining
My (19F) boyfriend (21M) has lost all sexual desires towards me
Lockdown relationship breakdown and breakup. Girlfriend (24) felt like she had to end relationship with me (27) to find herself but didn't want to end the relationship. Guy confused.
How to get over the jealousy I have over my boyfriends ex fiancé?
Am I justified in being unhappy-uncomfortable at the least- about the fact my partner told me that she continued to be friends with someone she knew ‘fancied’ her?
Does anyone have any successful stories when getting back with an ex?
How to get over jealousy I have about my boyfriends ex fiancé
[24M] Want your opinion on the breakup email I wrote for my soon to be ex[21F]
Is my (F20) boyfriend's (M20) former crush a red flag?
Do nice ppl snap?
Do nice people snap?
My (25F) bf (24M) confessed that he cheated, where do I go from here?
[24M] Want your opinion on the breakup email I wrote for my soon to be ex[21F]
How would you feel if you found out your partner continued being friends with someone they knew ‘fancied them’?
BF [25m] has poor conflict resolution skills. When is it enough?
Long-term relationship break up
I don't want a wedding
SO paid for sex through most of our relationship
My friends think my boyfriends controlling but idk???
Am I imagining it or is my bf controlling?
Complicated situation
Fiancé has been cheating on me with prostitutes! Devastated
My SO [28M] and I [25F] keep hurting each other, but neither of us wants to break up
Think I'm losing my best friend (both late 20s), advice please
How to walk back from a possible breakup (25f with 25m)
My husband (34M) wants to quit his job without having something lined up. I (28F) am being supportive but internally am very worried.
My girlfriend [26F] wears so much jewelry and I [25M] feel kind of embarrassed in public with her
Friend (24F) keeps trying to cross my boundaries (28F) boundaries
Is my (25f) recent ex-boyfriend (25m) of 7 years gaslighting me about his cheating...?
A customer keeps flirting with me (21F) and I don’t know if he means what I think he means.
Friend (24F) keeps trying to cross my (28F) boundaries
Is it bad being a 22 year old male virgin?
My (30f) boyfriend (29m) wants to get a gun for self-defense after the riots that have happened this weekend
I (37f) feel like my husband (44m) had an emotional affair....he says she was just his "work wife".
Boyfriend (25m) leaves in the middle of arguments despite me (25f) asking him not to
Found out fiancé has cheated on me with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
Girlfriends job is making me think of ending it all
Are my thoughts normal?
[45M] My example of relationship coaching.
Are my thoughts normal?
A Customer keeps flirting with me, but I don’t really know if he means what he means
Is it normal to doubt online?
Why in all my relationships whether it’s friends, girls, family why am I the only one whom everyone wants to talk to and confide but nobody wants to ask for?
It seems like my GF wants me to be jealous of her money
My 13 year old niece moved in with me possibly just to access social media and bad friends and it's hurting my marriage.
It seems like my girlfriend wants me to be jealous of money
I'm beyond frustrated
My boyfriend (M,25) is a simp..?
Found out my fiancé has cheated on me with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
Found out my fiancé has cheated on my with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
My Girlfriend is Deleting Messages.
Found out fiancé has been cheating on me with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
Boyfriend (25m) leaves in the middle of arguments despite me (25f) asking him not to
My boyfriend (M,25) is a simp..?
Now ex-fwb (that was evolving into a relationship) put a stop to "us" and got with someone else.
I (25F) need to end things with my toxic friend (31M)
My (31m) brother (30m) doesn’t ever reach out
My mother in law or my birthday
Mother in law or my birthday
My Girlfriend is Deleting Messages.
Is it abnormal for me (24, F) to only be really upset about a break-up a month after it happened?
My 25F SO and I haven't felt happy in almost 6 months. What to do about this?
Is it worth the fresh start.
Is it abnormal for me (24, F) to only be really upset about a break-up a month after it happened?
Is it normal to only be upset about a break-up a month after it happens?
My [23F] SO [24M] told me he wants to live alone even if I move to another city with him.
How to walk back from potential breakup (25f w/ 25m), need any kind of advice
My Girlfriend is Deleting Messages.
How can I win back control over myself and my heart?
How can I win bacl control over myself and my heart?
How can I win back control over myself?
Whose fault is it? What is the truth? (Trouble with a very complicated enmeshed friendship)
Whose fault is it? What is the truth? (Trouble with a very complicated enmeshed friendship)
Whose fault is it? What is the truth? (Trouble with a very complicated enmeshed friendship)
UPDATE: After 10 days my gf messaged me but things are over now and she's blocked me on socials
UPDATE: After 10 days my gf messaged me but things are over now and she's blocked me on socials
Hey
Is it normal to feel physically sick after a breakup?
I [31M] am feeling stuck between my own country and my GF[31F]
Is it normal to feel physically sick after a breakup?
What do you do when you find yourself involved in a conversation with 2 persons that should really have the conversation without you?
Husband (33M) ended 11 year relationship with me (34F) more than a month ago. How do you deal with flashbacks of happy times?
Should I [24F] let my boyfriend [23M] move in after 9 months of dating?
How can I [25M] find a cute teen gf until my uni opens again?
Husband (33M) ended 11 year relationship with me (34F) more than a month ago. How do you deal with flashbacks of happy memories?
[26M] I'm with a fantastic woman and I love her to death. Is it normal to fantasize about previous partners/potential partners?
I have developed a preoccupation with my husband’s sexual past. (32f)(35m)
How do I get him to spend on me sometimes?
my good friend (18w) is dating someone way older (25m)
Am I being emotionally abused/ manipulated?
Dont know how to confront racist mom
He said “i want to like you” in his sleep
He [32M] is texting me [25F] less frequently after 7 dates. Overthinking or losing interest?
My girlfriend has been misleading me about her exposure during quarantine
Dont know how to confront moms racist behavior
Should I move back into my family home?
Should I move back into my family home?
Dont know how to confrot moms and weird racist behavior
Help. My girlfriend has been misleading me about her exposure during quarantine
My gf got mad at me for fixing my sleeping schedule?
Boyfriend answers subconsciously???
Did he (24M) ghost me (22F)?
My boyfriend (25M) likes very very rough sex and never asks for my (21F) opinion before it
Should I give up on relationships?
I (M,15) think we should take a closer look before posting our opinion
Don’t be too quick to tell a person what to do
He [32M] is texting me [25F] less frequently after 7 dates. Overthinking or losing interest?
I’ve been blocked again after less than 24 hours
My [22f] older brother [24m] has more control in this house than my mother [55 f]
I’ve been blocked again in less than 24 Hours
I’ve been blocked again in less than 24 Hours
Should me [24F] and my boyfriend [23M] move in together after dating for less than a year?
I’ve been blocked again after less than 24 hours
BF [25M] values friends achievements/opinions above mine [25F] and it’s hurtful
Will I (26M) ever stop feeling hurt? How?
Is a relationship worth it?
My GF (20F) Is Almost Violent with me (20M) and sometimee abusive and threatening. Advice?
(mis)communication
Is my former best friend “orbiting” me? Is this even considered “orbiting?” - We’re both 20 yr old F’s.
My (28,M) and SO/girlfriend/lover (25,F) wants a new slate in our relationship/3rd chance.
Me [27 M], and mom [ 56 F ] at wits end with my father [55 M], and unsure how to move forward with retirement.
Am I doing the right thing?
What to do if your (26F) bf's(29M) best friends are girls...and one of them is "ambivalent" about you?
Will I (26M) ever stop feeling hurt? How?
My (28,M) and SO/girlfriend/lover (25,F) wants a new slate in our relationship/3rd chance.
Am I doing the right thing
I (21 m) am falling for my best freind (19 f) again..
Given 3rd Chance to start over relationship
Will I (26M) ever stop feeling hurt? How?
Boyfriend(27M) suddenly pulled back from me(24F)
My boyfriend [20M] and I [20F] got into an argument over him spending time with my friend [20F]
23F afraid to break up
I say hurtful things in my sleep
My (21 f) bf (22) got a letter from a girl he slept with 3 years ago saying that he abused her, he's got a complete blackout from that night, what do I do?
Missing him. Afraid to break up
My (f19) boyfriend (m18) aren’t seeing eye to eye on pet decisions
Coping with bad roommates
Uninterested in American women
Am I [24F] wrong for being upset about boyfriend [26M] not letting me meet his cousin [24M]?
I am not interested in American women
Unstable situation with my Sibling (20)F and my parents
I say hurtful things in my sleep
Are you happy in your current romantic relationship? Had COVID affected it if at all?
Girlfriend(?)(24F) lied to me (25M) when asked if she was sexting someone else
Toxic roommates
My [21F] boyfriend [19M] said he isn’t ready for kids with me yet, and now his daughter [2F] is serving me as a painful reminder of his ex.
When , where and how as a guy is the best way to approach a woman so that they are comfortable with the interaction.
What should I (28f) do about “empty” threats from bf (33m)?
I say hurtful things in my sleep
Singles
Advice on how to avoid my [28F] mum’s [58F] comments triggering my eating disorder?
Idk if my fiancé will be able to handle my daughter wanting to move in with us.
UPDATE: premed dancer (20) who was paying boyfriends rent
Me [24F] and my boyfriend [30M] have different perspectives on what is happening in the U.S. and I kind of want to break up over it
Girlfriend (19F) broke up with me and has told me every detail of we’re I’ve gone wrong and I feel like an arsehole need advice
I realize that being with me would lead to a dead bedroom, how do I make it known that I am OK with a woman getting what she needs from another man?
Can't stand having to hear my dad all the time while I'm in my room
Can't stand having to hear my dad all the time m22
My bf (42M) says that I'm(18F) not Bisexual if I'm in a relationship with a man
Broke with with girlfriend (19F) made me feel like a bad boyfriend.
I feel like I am prone to cheating. What can I do to change my mindset?
My boyfriend says that I'm no longer Bisexual since I'm in a "straight" relarionship?
I think my bf has my email without asking me for it
First Heartbreak (I think)
Me [24F] and my boyfriend [30M] have very different perspectives on what is happening in the world. Is this reason to break up?
I feel lost
Please help me explain my friends (24 F) feelings for me (24 M)
My (M26) girlfriend (F24) has a strange odour in her vagina (5 Years on and off)
Please help me understand my friends (24 F) feelings for me (24 M)
Funny Smell
My partner won't run 20 miles to see me
Need a second opinion of me (20NB) and my close friends (21F) relationship. Think she might be toxic but not entirely sure? we both kinda suck tho ngl
Why dont I feel anything after my breakup?
One year ago I (20F) experienced physical abuse from my boyfriend(20M)
How can I get my wife back after 6 months seperation.
How can I get my ex back?
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
UPDATE: My (21F) boyfriend (22M) is being distant and quiet
One year ago I experienced physical abuse from my boyfriend
How can I get my ex back.
UPDATE: My (21F) boyfriend (22M) is being distant and quiet
How do i break up with my gf of 2 years without hurting her too badly?
my partner thinks he abused me a long time ago and I don't know how to talk to him about it
My sister [35F] routinely gives me [30F] the silent treatment until I apologise for perceived wrongs and I'm sick of it
How Do I Leave An Unhappy Relationship?
She can't continue as friends.
SO Cropdusted me while I was secretly looking at wedding rings...
My Girlfriend (19 F) won't have sex with me (19M) because of past sexual trauma. This relationship has lasted seven months. What should I do?
Account messaged me saying a guy I am dating is a cheater
Improving myself to become a more likable person (19M)
Seeking help on secret relationship lasting almost five years-
My wife being force to have sex by cops n a rich guys n they ruin our lifes and I have two beautiful kids
I reopened an old wound by reaching out to the painful love of my life who left me , this is a 15 year on going pain and I am disappointed and sad at how weak I am
Hiding my almost five year relationship
I (27M) have been seeing someone (20F) for about 3 months now. She harmed herself today and I’m feeling a mix of confusing emotions about it.
Reopened a wound and reverting to my old ways with a toxic ex/ love of my life. Feeling hopeless in my lack of strength
I (27M) have been seeing someone (20F) for about 3 months now. She harmed herself today and I’m feeling a mix of confusing emotions about it.
Did he (22M) use his mental health as a way to get attention?
Pizzagate. My (28F) boyfriend (30M) of 9 years sometimes ignores me for days when we've had an argument. How do i communicate with him about this?
Having constant doubts about my BF
Should I (34/F) confront my dad (late 50s) about his relationship with his assistant (32/F).
i am starting to dislike my boyfriend’s friends.
My Girlfriend (19 F) won't have sex with me (19M) because of past sexual trauma. This relationship has lasted seven months. What should I do?
Constant doubts about BF
Pizzagate. My (28F) boyfriend (30M) of 9 years sometimes ignores me for days when we've had an argument. How do i communicate with him about this?
I (18 m) don't want to end my relationship with my friend (18 f) who just confessed her feelings towards me.
How soon is too soon to move in?
i am starting to really dislike my boyfriend’s friends.
I (18F) feel like I've lost my individuality to a relationship I ended a few months ago.
How do I (m, 18) politely tell my friend (f, 18) that I'm not attracted to her after she confessed her feelings towards me?
I (18F) feel like I've lost my individuality to a relationship I ended a few months ago.
Could really use some guidance on what counts as "cheating"
Am I overreacting?
Taking some time on my relationship (but I don't want to)
I [28M] don't understand what happened with [27F]
Should I end it?
lost my bf to warzone ):
Should I call my friend out for lying on Twitter?
M(27) should i talk to my F(23)girlfriend's ex boyfriend to make sure she didnt cheat on me?
How can I bring the spark back in my relationship?
Should I end it?
M(27) should i talk to my F(23)girlfriend's ex boyfriend to make sure she disnt cheat on me ?
Can you force yourself to lose feelings for someone?
I'm a 17 year old guy and getting into a relationship with someone is constantly on my mind.
Hey ❗️here for a Relationship ♥️
My boyfriend [20M] and I [19F] just had our first political discussion and it got awkward. [I SWEAR NOT POLITICAL AT ALL]
Me [25M] with my Ex [25F] of 2 years, are flowers a bad move here?
Hey ! I want relationship ♥️ M19 here 🥀
It took me (25F) 3 weeks of therapy to see just how toxic my ‘friend’ (31M) of 3 years is
How soon is too soon to ask my gf to move in?
[23M] My girlfriend [22F] is a bit bi-curious
Me [25M] with my Ex [25F] of 2 years, are flowers a bad move here?
It too me (25F) 3 weeks of therapy to see just how toxic my ‘friend’ (31M) of 3 years is
I don't really feel anything in relationships.
This is my first post, Want to connect with a girl (F19). I am (M20) from india
M(28) should i ask my girlfriend(F 23)'s ex boyfriend to make sure she didnt cheat on me?
im just sad right now
I (17m) just bought my girlfriend (17f) a promise ring!! This is the best day of my life I truly want to marry her and I am committed to her and want to share this with everyone!!
My girlfriend will have hour long conversations with other people when I am right there.
I have toxic thoughts from a past relationship that are sneaking their way into my current one, halp?
Stuck in a relationship with a person who might have autism.
Boyfriend (30M) has run home to live with his mommy and daddy. Feels its unfair if I (27F) fly home to my family
Discovered my (M30) girlfriend(F25) of 7 months is cheating on me tonight
I (13F) don't really trust my dad (60M).
I (13F) am currently scared right now. (Will delete this later)
idk bc im an overthinker so...
I feel like my girlfriend is really starting to think I'm a dumb.
Am I being sensitive?
idk bc im insecure and an overthinker so...
Am I being sensitive
Found out my (M30) girlfriend (F23) of 7 months is cheating on me tonight.
I feel like my girlfriend really thinks I'm a dumb.
I feel like my girlfriend really thinks I'm a dumb.
Gut feelings
How can i maintain a healthy balance in my new relationship (socially)
Can you force yourself to lose feelings for someone?
She(20F) is treating me(23F) better now that I'm trying to get over her
How can achieve a balance with my new partner?
I think I’m losing love for my boyfriend
Perfect Storm
Writing an Apology Letter Because I F*&#@d Up
My two best friends are becoming people who I don’t want to deal with but I only noticed it recently
Writing an Apology for my Boyfriend
Can you force yourself to lose feelings for someone?
How do I deal with toxic family members?
What to do about my feelings for my BM
I (21F) hooked up with a guy(22M) that I’ve been talking to for a few weeks
Should I (25F) ask where things are heading with him (33M) or is it too early?
I (21F) hooked up with a guy(22M) that I’ve been talking to for a few weeks
What to do about my feelings for my BM
should i (19f) leave my boyfriend (21m) because i fear longterm commitment?
Boyfriend(23M) Not Upset Even After I(20F) Lashed Out At Him
(23F) my brother (24M) moved in with me. Our beliefs are polar opposites
My (F30s) boyfriend’s (M40s) somewhat ex keeps gaslighting him and even drove by his house several times to see if I was staying over or not
My boyfriend (30M) of 1.5 yrs broke up with me (26F). He said he was having anxiety regarding the relationship which he thinks is due to my health problems but he doesn't really know.
my (19f) s/o(20m) hanging out with a girl friend
I am falling out of love with my fiance because he went back to all the stores opened in Minnesota today during the pandemic.
What to do when your mom doesn’t like your partner?
Emotionally raised different HELP!!
I don't help a friend because I was scared it might out my son in a bad position
Didn't help a friend because I was scared it would put my son in a bad position
Didn't help a friend in need because it would have put my son in a bad situation.
my s/o & his girl friend hanging out
She ghosted me for no reason?
I think my boyfriend (M38) may be a racist?
Is this normal? Am I(F32)crazy? Ex-bf(M27)& his family ganged up on me & tried to intimidate me
I(23M) moved out of my mom(47F) and grandma (71F) house. I think I made the wrong decision.
How do I move on from bad sexual experiences
I think my boyfriend (M38) may be racist?
Dealing with a toxic sibling
ADVICE?
I [20M] need to vent about my recently ended relationship/want advice and perspective on how to deal with my ex [21F]
How do i undo bad experiences
Me and Gf for about 3 years
Help an indecisive man out.
How should I (27M) reinitiate contact with her (23F) after not seeing each other for 2 years?
I think I might be obsessed with my bestfriend..
How should I (27M) reinitiate contact with her (23F) after not seeing each other for 2 years?
I (36m) majorly screwed things up and now she (36f) says she's taking a "break" but I'm pretty sure she's not coming back!
How do I stop myself from liking someone I shouldn’t!!
Why when I'm thinking to break up my heart pounding very fast.
My [29 F] boyfriend [25 M] of a bit over 3 months is helping his brother run a multilevel marketing scam and I'm not sure if it's a dealbreaker or not?
I think I might be obsessed with my bestfriend..
I [20M] need to vent about my recently ended relationship/want advice and perspective on how to deal with my ex [21F]
I (23F) shut out my BF (M26), although in a great relationship
How do I (26M) talk to my (25F) girlfriend who has issues opening up
I(18) agreed with my bf(19) when he was saying that he was a simp. He then got mad and has said he will no longer be doing the cute things that he used to do, nor will he say I love you to me anymore.
Whe you struggle with relationships but not ready to breakup.
Is my [23M] brother's [27M] relationship with his [27F] girlfriend toxic or am I imagining things?
How do you get over a partner who left you for someone else?
My (21f) bf (23m) dreamt about dating a girl he knowd
How do you get over a partner who left you for someone else?
How do you get over a partner who left you for someone else?
When you struggle with relationship, but before you decide to breakup.
I just ended a 4 year relationship after posting in here last week
My (18F) fwb (23M) made a joke about my looks; should I be upset?
Couldn't continue as friends
How to Talk to my girlfriend (25F) who has problems opening up
I shut out my BF while in a loving relationship
I (28m) broke up with my girlfriend (30f) of 2.5 years earlier today and I'm really struggling
She can't continue as friends
A letter to you
I kinda lost my belief and trust for relationships after a few bad ones and haven't felt close to anyone for a long time. Recently I started to have feelings for a girl I knew for some time but I feel afraid and a bit worn down to pursue anything. What should I do?
Dudes who are married/have girlfriends. If you're the more romantic one in the relationship, and the one who you feel puts in most of the effort in thay category (especially physically), does it ever get to a point where it really bothers you?
I (35M) tell his GF (38) that she needs to pay attention to her physical health and she cried.
I (35M) told my GF (38) we need to exercise together because I am concerned about her physical health and she cried.
I (23, F) don’t know how to deal with creepy coworker (33, M)
my girlfriend wants to go on a break and i don’t know how to feel. i love her and it’s breaking my heart.
Was willing to give a younger guy (22M) a chance (26F). Once again disappointed by men, but don’t wanna be.
I’m not close with my family and I feel this is my last chance before college.
My fiancée is a diagnosed psychopath
I (26M) love my partner (23M), but not as much as he loves me
My best friend is Sexting with my ex
Just ended a 4 year relationship after posting in here last week
Bringing up previous partners in a current relationship?
How to tell if guy likes me?
I (21F) told my brother's (25M) girlfriend (25F) to leave him and she did
Is this normal? Am I crazy? Ex-bf & his family ganged up on me & tried to intimidate me
My fiance is addicted to porn and doesnt want to touch me.
I (21F) told my brother's (25M) girlfriend (25F) to leave and she did
My boyfriend broke up with me in quarantine
My fiance is addicted to porn and wont touch me.
I (26M) love my partner (23M), but not as much as he loves me
Every time I think about my ex I get upset.
I (29F) am having issues with my fiancee (33F) and her mother.
My (me, 22) girlfriend (26) had an online relationship and she ghosted me for three weeks
How to know if guy friend likes me?
My programmer (F, 25) BF (M, 28) is facing Deportation unless he get a Job and I feel Helpless
I'm not sure what to think of this
How can i be patient with a virgin
What would be the best sub to ask for a branch of psychology suiting someone's needs?
Divorce ultimatum or overreaction
Dear great reddit commenters, I went against all your constant warnings from last post... I (21F) want to be a friend to my ex (21M) while his mom is dying, but I dont know how to do without getting his hopes up on getting back together
28M - Bizzare behaviour from GFs (27F) parents
How seriously do you consider the saying "How a man treats his mother is how he will treat you"
Is it unreasonable for me (f/19) to be jealous and annoyed with my BFs (20) friend (F/22) ?
28 M Bizzare Behavior from GF (27F) parents
Divorce ultimatum or over reaction?
my friend is trying to drag me down with him
Is it unreasonable for me (19) to be jealous and annoyed with my BFs (20) friend (F/22) ?
Apps ..
my friend is so goddamn toxic (F 16)
My SO and I had a disagreement about one of his friends
Is my thinking wrong? It’s about how my fiance dresses
(22 F) Found out the person I've been seeing (24M) for 3 months never liked me in the first place.
My (29F) LDR boyfriend (29M) gets mad if I bring up anything sexual
Found out the person I've been seeing for 3 months never liked me in the first place.
I (18f) am worried about my boyfriend (20m) wanting you experiment with substances
My LDR boyfriend is mad because of a sexual comment I made
Do I hold on to hope? Is it realistic that after no contact for 21 days I can rekindle something?
I think my sister hates me
My ex got tinder same day after we broke up
I'm afraid my anxiety is ruining my relationship and I don't know what do do. I don't know myself like this.
My long distance SO of 5 years has blocked me
How to stop toxic relationship pattern
The person i'm seeing (25/f) rescheduled a date with me (25/m) to hangout with a friend instead. I feel kind of upset about it
I'm having a hard time dealing with anxiety in a new relationship, pls help
I'm (F22) torn between emigrating with my controlling mom (F50) or staying for a while here with my partner (M26) then move overseas either alone or with him.
My (very recent) ex-fiancé is already on dating apps.
My (29/F) and my fiancé (30/M) are upset about our families not caring about us wedding/joining families.
My BF Won't Let Me Spend Money On Him
My feelings (23F) fading for boyfriend (23M) because of quarantine
Trust issues
My(16M) mother(43F) does not respect my boundaries after numerous times of me establishing them
Scared of my parents’ reaction to my engagement.
My (15M) Partner (15M) Wants To Talk To My Previous Partner (15F) About Her And I’s Breakup
Scared of parents’ reaction to my engagement.
My(16M) mother(43F) does not respect my boundaries after numerous times of me establishing them
Trust problems
I (F20) feel like my boyfriend (M20) is more excited about playing video games than seeing me
How do I (23M) convince my girlfriend (19F) that it is okay to try new things and get out of her comfort zone
(22F) Is it time for me to find somewhere else to live or am I overreacting?
I feel guilty, should I?
My husband is only nice to me when we haven't had sex for days or when he can bully someone else
I want to apologise to him but he keeps blocking me
Why is he acting like this if he has a gf ??
Please help me write this. I don't know how to full put this into words.
I'm (24F) frustrated that my sister (21F) doesn't take motherhood seriously.
My first breakup today, I need some advice.
My [26F] fiancé [28M] doesn’t support me putting a Satanic Temple flag outside our new home.
I (27F) have been with my fiance (24M) for four and a half years. I just found out that I love him more than I realized by watching his favorite TV show.
Can someone help me figure out why this guy is acting like this
My [M22] long distance relationship girlfriend [F17] has blocked me from our only source of communication
Me [23M] found out my [22F]GF past and it's giving me anxiety.
Could having a shared journal help our problems?
My (24F) sister (22F) isn't very enthusiastic about taking good care of her kid (2M)
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues, throws objects, physical violence. Gave away our dog without telling me about it. Looking for advice on both
How to break toxic relationship pattern
Shared journal with your SO? Experiences, good or bad idea?
Is it wrong if that if my (25f) boyfriend (24m) won’t commit to spend more time with me I’m going to move back to my hometown for the rest of quarantine?
My (35) Ex-gf (35) seemed like "the one" except for extreme anger issues. She gave our dog away when I was collecting my thoughts. Not sure what to do on both.
Shall I end the Friendship Forever, Disarming Any Change of Seeing Each Other Again
Girlfriend seemed like "the one" except for extreme anger issues (PMDD). She gave away our dog without telling me. Looking for advice on both.
Relationship/sexual past in current relationship
My [21M] feelings have sparked for my ex again [20F]. What to do?
Would I be wrong to cut ties with my racist mom who lacks empathy after hearing her reaction to me nearly getting run over at a protest? [24 F, 68 F]
Relationship/sexual past discussion in current relationship
I [19F] don’t feel like a priority in my boyfriend’s [19M] life
I think my family deteriorates my mental health (rant)
Should I end the friendship?
I M(24) and my fiancé have "broken up" and she wants "space" confused and want help"
Should my partners sexual past bother me?
My partner (40M) doesn’t want me (28F) to attend a peaceful protest tonight in our city.
My [27M] partner [34M] of four years accidentally damaged a keepsake, and everything he's said has (unintentionally) made me feel worse
My recent ex's mother, who I work with, sent an email with information about him that I did not want to know
My recent ex's mother (who i work with) included me in an email with information about him that i did not want to know
I just went on a really good first date, but don’t know how he felt about it
my best friend is in love with me but I don't love her.
I'm fucked up
How do I (19F) stop comparing myself to my successful boyfriend (23M)?
Husband (20M) Decided to Go On Holiday With Friends Instead Of Family Vacation. I (20F) Trust Him But Don't Know How To React
I'm 22 (M) and still single
I just went on a really good first date
Partner(21 F) talks about her past intimate encounters and it should it borher me(20 M)
I M(24) and my fiancé have "broken up" and she wants "space" confused and want help
I'm 22[M] and still single
I want a girl friend .Well, I am 17F tryin to find my caring other half.
What would you guys do? [M/F 20-WHATEVER]
How do I (19F) stop comparing myself to my successful, happy boyfriend (23M)
I've known a few Lesbians and one bisexual in life
My (27F) friends (M, 30s) want to 'confront' one of our friends (35M) about his dating habits.
What would you guys do? [M/F 20-WHATEVER]
My boyfriend [28 M] and I [22 F] have been together for nearly three years now, we love each other very much but it feels like we have a few problems which just drain the hell out of me, but at the same time we have this strong bond and love for each other which we can’t ignore?
Me 28F - My best friend's 27F husband 28M is trying to make friends with my BF 26M, and my BF has no interest in this. How do I break it to him politely?
I (23 f ) annoy my bf (27m) a lot with my bad social habits. How do I fix it?
Should I date a girl whose mother is racist?
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want to commit.
Am I overthinking much?
Is there a “right” way to break up?
Me and my girlfriend are having some problems, that effect us both in a bad way. So basically I am a self-centered guy and my girlfriend has been basically diagnosed with depression.
My [27M] partner [34M] of four years accidentally damaged a keepsake, and everything he's said has made me feel worse
Is there a “right” way to break up?
Me and my girlfriend are having some problems, that effect us both in a bad way. So basically I am a self-centered guy and my girlfriend has been basically diagnosed with depression.
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want an exclusive relationship. What should I do?
My (23F) boyfriend (28M) is pressuring me to buy his company's stock
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want to commit.
Girl (20) used to want to be “just like me”
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want to commit. What should I do?
I(23f) cut my abusive toxic family out of my life.
I'm (24M) not sure if I should try and establish boundaries with my supportive yet toxic friend (39F) or just cut her out completely?
I (33M) am coming to realize that my best friend (34M) since childhood and I may need to part ways
Sometimes i don't really know what's going on with my gf
I (21F) am getting tired of my long-time friend (21M)
Am I stupid for staying in this relationship? Don’t know how to fix issues.
Boyfriend (21 ) thinks my (19) nose is ugly and thinks i should get surgery.
I (33M) am coming to realize that my best friend (34M) since childhood and I may need to part ways
UPDATE: My (M,21) girlfriend (F, 30) constantly makes me feel bad about myself.
Am I second choice or was I too late? What should I do?
Friends are ‘judging’ me because I’m boring and it’s making me (F 18) sad
After a year and a half of my ex (26M) ignoring my attempts to reach out, did I (25F) react poorly when he messaged me but didn’t respond back when I replied?
My boyfriend [32M] doesn't seem attracted to me [24F] anymore
Should I stay or should I go?
My bf is treating me differently ever since I dyed my hair
Help! Urgent!
Should I stay or should I go?
My dad [40sM] gets mad at me [16F] for cooking foods that are causing my mom [40sF] to gain weight but my mom gets mad at me for not cooking them. I don't know what to do.
SO’s sister is telling everyone we have COVID...
Bfs coworker flirting with him on social media, What should I do?
My bf is treating me differently ever since I dyed my hair
I really pissed off my niece even though I was trying to be helpful and take care of the house. Any advice?
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) is messaging women on fetish sites and he doesn’t know that I know
Was I in a toxic friendship? I’m contemplating apologising! Should I?
SO’s sister is telling everyone we have COVID-19...
Me (F22) my guy (M22) have been “talking” since February but he doesn’t want labels?
My (32F) sister is alienating herself and I (26F) am concerned about her mental health and safety.
Taking a pause with my partner (27M), but missing him too much already. Any advice on how to give us both the best time to clear mind?
Dating advice
My niece is really pissed at me? What did I do that was so bad?
The last few times I [M34] have slept with my wife [32] there has been an issue.
Dating advice
Am I just dramatic or should I be leaving my boyfriend for these issues?
Am i justified for being mad cuz my bf has a girl who’s interested in him on his social media? Should I tell him I don’t want her on there ?
Confused
Never Stop Impressing Your Partner
I ended my affair today.
Never Stop Impressing Your Partner
I (34F) may be in love with my widower best friend (34M))
Trouble with friends
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
I ended my affair today
How can I get my cousin to unblock me? Any ideas?
My boyfriend [28 M] and I [22 F] have been together for nearly three years now, we love each other very much but it feels like we have a few problems which just drain the hell out of me, but at the same time we have this strong bond and love for each other which we can’t ignore?
Boyfriend (32 M) checked out of the relationship when I (26 F) accidentally got pregnant.
I'm in love with my widower best friend
I ended my affair today
Should I message her ?
La dépendance affective
Toxic Mother
My ex and I
Did my(16M) crush(16F) ask me out and if I missed it, should I message her to let her know how I feel towards her?
What’s going on with my ex?
My (20M) girlfriend’s (18F) sister’s (20F) boyfriend (21M) is instigating a fight, what to do?
Looking for experts in STIs and relationships
My (19 F) Boyfriend (19) no longer tries nor puts anymore effort
Looking for advice from experts on STIs, especially chlamydia.
My gf is pissed because I told her I didnt actually prepare anything for our anniversary
Boyfriend [23M] of 1 year broke up with me [24F] out of the blue... Not sure how to react or how to navigate this
I [F25] have feelings for my friend [M24] but I can't tell him
Find a friend that will be there for you when times get rough
My friend (20F) is a copy cat and stole my tattoo, how do I (21F) make her stop?
I (18F) can’t trust him (19M) anymore.
My partner and I are having less sex during Covid-19? Can anyone relate?
My BFF (21F) is a copy cat and stole my tattoo, how do I (22F) make her stop?
How can women help men open up?
My BFF is a copy cat and stole my tattoo, how do I make her stop?
She just broke up with me and i don't know what to do
I can’t trust him.
Boyfriend [33M][2 years] wants me [29F] to sever ties with my bestfriend [28F] once she gets out of the hospital
Confused...
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
Close friend is really overweight, how do I help her?
Me [32M] with my BF [31M] of three years, is he using anxiety as an excuse to treat me badly?
Need a break after COVID-19
Boyfriend and I got into an argument. Told me he will contact me in a week or so. Advice?
Losing bestfriend of 7 years.
23(M) keeps saying that my new boyfriend 22(M) is just using me.
Disconnection with my bestfriend.
My [24M] significant other [23F] of two years has told me something that I don’t know how to respond to. How could I bounce back from this?
Based on these details, do you guys think I could at least hookup with this girl? And does she like me?
How can I get my [24M] significant other [23F] to ease her mind after this?
My [24M] significant other [23F] just told me she wishes I had more fun with her.
I'm a 20 year old virgin and I don't wanna be
My partner (22F) has stopped talking to me (26M) after disagreeing about the Floyd Riots
Serious question,are there any girls in here that are fine with a guy having a foot fetish or even had an experience with a guy with one? And what are your thoughts on a guy having one?
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
My partner (22F) has stopped talking to me (26M) after disagreeing about the Floyd Riots
I just found out that my boyfriend [24M] has been giving me [22F] chlamydia all the six months I’ve known him and I’m losing my mind.
Fiancée [29F] of 1 year together for 3 years told me [30m] she wants to end the engagement.
I'm 20M and can't find a soulmate no matter how hard I try
I'm 20 years old and I can't find a soulmate no matter how hard I try
My friend [32F] of 5 years asked for some feedback and mine just destroyed her
Fiancée [29f] of 1 year and a 3-year relationship told me [31m] she is wanting to break things off
I loved her so much and she broke up with me saying she never loved me. I am devastated and I dont know what to do.
I loved her so much but she broke up with me saying she never loved me. I couldn't take it and I don't know what to do.
After 2 yrs, I [28F] am not sure whether to continue relationship with [31M]?
I [20M] am cutting off a friend [20M], but we're in the same social circles, how do I do this?
Here’s one for the woke
Was he (22M) gaslighting me about his mental health for attention?
I [20M] don't know if I should cut off a toxic friend [20M] whose is in the same social circles as I am
Is she interested?
Priorities
Could this be anything other than cheating?
How can I (23F) make my BF (24F) understand that our relationship is over and he needs to go?
Priority
Time to cut off a "friend"?
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
Should I have said something?
Could this be anything other than he’s cheating
My sister and her fiance want to ask my bf to be their groomsmen but we (25f) (26f) are not getting along well and might break up soon. I'm the maid of honor. What should I say? [relationships]
I (20 F) feel the urge to go through my boyfriend's laptop because I think he is cheating on me.
My boyfriend (17M) and I (18F) occasionally go to the bathroom together. Is this weird?
Online friend doesn't trust me/ doesn't care?
Boyfriend (17M) and I (18F) occasionally go to the bathroom together. Is this weird?
Am I a terrible person because I cheated on my emotionally abusove boyfriend?
My (26f) partner (28m) has horrible anxiety and it's ruining my visit to my parents
How to deal with being left out due to communication barrier
Help these urgent matters!
My parents are pushing me to become a perfect person
My online friend doesn't trust me/doesn't care?
I want to go through my boyfriends lap top but I'm also afraid to do so
How much doubt is normal? Long term relationship I (27f) and my boyfriend (27m) of 9 years
My [25F] crush [20sM] doesn't follow up with the things he says he'll do and I don't know how to approach it
(Not gay) i WhatsApp my uncle after masturbation
Should I(28F) rekindle friendship with my ex Best Friend(28F)
My mom is using me as a designated babysitter/co-parent and it’s too much for me recently
my best friend is a catfish
My parents keep pushing me to be a perfect child
I'm (25M) Constantly doubting my relationship with (25F)
Curiosity
my SO’s parents....
I told my husband I don’t want kids. He was understanding and I still feel terrible.
How can I not be sad after my gf being out of honeymoon phase?
Out of honeymoon phase
My mom is asking me to babysit my younger sister incrementally more often and it’s causing a lot of guilt on my part
Why am my questioning my feelings? How can I bring the spark back?
My(22F) freind(20F) is very confusing...
[30F] Feeling left out and unappreciated by my group of college friends [30Fs]
my (21 f) boyfriend (27 m) has me blocked on instagram for stalking him.
GF[36] ME[26]
Who suffers more after a break-up, the guy or the guy?
I (M26) got cut off by my short term partner (M26) and I don't know what to do or how to move on
I'm (25M) Constantly doubting my relationship with (25F)
We have an expiration date and are lost
[30F] Feeling consistently excluded and unappreciated by my college friends [30Fs]
Random number texted me about GF. Is this a red flag?
We have an expiration date and she's too nervous to see me?
Feeling consistently left out and unappreciated by college friend group
Physical attraction is just mediocre but everything else is great. (M30 F27) (2.5 yrs)
Help these urgent matters!
Physical attraction is just mediocre but everything else is great. (M30 F27) (2.5 yrs)
I (27f) broke up wth my partner (29m) of 4 years. Not sure if I made the right decision.
I'm [F20] liking this guy [M20] I met online but he just see me as a friend.
Is this too small to end an otherwise good relationship? (M30) (F27)
I 27 M is speaking to a 4X something married woman with children.
I (27f) split up with my partner (29m) of 4 years after I was sexually assaulted by someone close to me. Not sure if I made the right decision.
My boyfriend (22M) is very interested in my (22F) odd phobia, I find it sweet.
Is this too small to end an otherwise good relationship? (M30) (F27)
TL;DR I cheated on my emotionally abusive boyfriend, Am I an Asshole?
Physical attraction is just mediocre but everything else is great.
Random number texted me a warning about GF
Girlfriend(20F) of a year and a half broke up with me(20M) over text, pissed away a year and a half
Is this too small to end an otherwise good relationship?
My [25f] sister [11f] is too shy to learn to skate in public even though she asked for them. How to help her?
My short term ex (M26) cut me (M26) off permanently, and I'm having a much harder time moving on than expected.
Pansexual relationship tl;dr im getting uncomfortable in this relationship
I feel like my boyfriend doesn’t want to see me
TL;DR pansexual gf (F,32) wants to date other women. I (M, 40) am feeling jealous .
I 27 is speaking to a 4X something woman with kids.
F19 accidentally dobbed on best friend F18 keeping a secret from her 4years friendship
F19 Keeping secret from a friend F18
I (38f) need advice on dealing with a boastful/fibbing friend (35f)
My (M/24) retroactive jealousy is ruining 1 year relationship with GF (F/29).
My lesbian work friend(F,32) of 4 years says she likes me (M,40). We started hooking up. Now she says shes a Pansexual and wants to date women. Tl;dr I'm starting to get jealous over my pansexual gf
Is only wanting sex 2 or 3x a week unreasonable?
There is a double standard when it comes to household chores
My (26F) ex-boyfriend (29M) emailed me asking to get back together. How do I stop feeling so angry?
Am I being unreasonable wanting sex 2x or 3x a week? We (26f) have sex several times a week but he (28m) is still unsatisfied with the amount [libido].
Friend (F, 32) of 4 years told me she was into me(M, 40). During this 4 years she had a gf and lived with her. Now shes single, says she is Pansexual and has always liked me. Explained what pansexual was.
What is it like to be a high libido male? We (26f) have sex several times a week but he (28m) is still unsatisfied with the amount of sex [libido]. Trying to understand.
Why I had no luck with relationships. I had one long term relationship that lasted 6 years and then all mother relationships lasted no more than a year. What am I doing wrong?
My(F22) Ex(M22) will not stop harassing me & it's been a year since we broke up
The last few times I [M34] have slept with my wife [32] there has been an issue.
My(28M) girlfriend(27F) smokes weed and stays in bed to deal with stress and anxiety
Ladies, how harsh would you be on me (30M)
Am I being unreasonable?
My(28M) girlfriend(27F) smokes weed and stays in bed to deal with stress and anxiety
Am I Being Unreasonable?
I feel like my boyfriend doesn’t want to see me
Should I try to fix my mistakes or move on?
Ex-GF (31/F) rushed into new relationship/engagement, but still texts me (37/M) daily
How do you pray?
My girlfriend (22) Cheated and is doing shady stuff behind my back (24M)
My [31 F] best friend [40 F] is tone deaf to my needs.
Multiple friends are upset because I [24F] don't call enough?
My ( F 25) husband (M 27) recorded us having sex without my consent
My Girlfriend (22F) Cheated on me and keeps doing shady stuff (24M)
How do I get over someone who clearly doesn't value me?
Why i had no luck with relationships? What am I doing wrong? I had many relationships after my first long term relationship but nothing lasted more than a year
Saw my [28F] mum for the first time in 4 months yesterday and she’s messaged to say I’m too fat
My best friend (19f) got new best friends and a boyfriend and now she barely talks to me. (22m)
Am I (F21) in love with him(M21). I denied my feelings but I cant deny the fact that I feel so relieved, peaceful around him. But its not easy help.
Girls what do you guys look in a guy who's not a 10/10
Why would your friend/ ex ignore you after you’ve had multiple conversations about how that hurts your feelings?
Little brother’s[20m]ex friend might be a psycho. How do we get him out of our lives?
Family member (60sM) is not speaking to me (25f) because I asked him to stop using a racial slur.
Coming to terms with the end of my (M28) relationship.
How do I [20F] prevent getting caught up in nasty arguments with my SO [23M]?
How can I (28f) get over my boyfriend’s (35m) sexual past with professionals and not compare myself?
I told my husband I don’t want kids. He was understanding and I still feel terrible.
10 Inspirational parenting quotes In English ! | INFO SPOT
GF (21) suffers with past sexual trauma and I (M21) don’t know what to do anymore
Boyfriend's brother is extremely annoying to live with
Looking for tips to explain racism and injustice to people close to me. Please help.
How to breakup
Looking for tips to explain racism and injustice to people that are close to me. Please help.
Confusing relationship with my (22F) best friend (21F)- how to move on?
How to breakup
How to move on when I can’t get closure?
Not even dating..
Is he a mommas boy?
I’m feeling insecure in my relationship right now. How do I tell if it’s coming from me or his actions?
I’m feeling insecure in my relationship right now. How do I tell if it’s coming from me or his actions?
I dont know if he is angry and if I should bad about it
Why do men treat you like crap when all you do is care for them?
Friend [25F] constantly fishes for validation/compliments--is it making her arrogant? Am I [26F] validating her too much?
Mommas Boy?
My girlfriend told her parents that I was a different race and lied about my name to change my ethnicity before I met them. This lasted 1 year. Is it a bad sign of a relationship partner.
Mom needed.
Should I (25F) ask where things are heading with him (33M) or is it too early?
Can I make myself fall in love with my boyfriend?
How to prevent getting caught up in nasty arguments with SO??
Concerns in an Interracial Relationship: AMWF
Am I being too unreasonable about it?
I (18 F) hooked up with an immature (37 M)
18(F) with 37(M) is a big regret
To Younger Girls
i hate the ambiguity so much
To Younger Girls
Am I being too unreasonable about it?
Am I terrible for cheating on my emotionally abusive boyfriend
My Parents [61F] [53M] don’t understand why I can’t get a girlfriend and continue to put pressure on me [22M] it’s starting to get at me.
After three months of long distance, I (26F) feel really disconnected and resentful of my partner (26m) of a year and a half. Not sure if it’s the distance or if we should break up?
I (F25)Found dating apps in husband’s (M29) hidden apps. I looked at his purchase history and they were downloaded during our relationship. How do I take this?
Why am I (F22) having dreams about my ex years later??
Ex boyfriend is telling people he never loved, or wanted children with me and doesn't think our youngest son is his.
(F, 20) suggests that 1~3 hours of talking is enough for a day
I (F25)Found dating apps in husband’s (M29) hidden apps. I looked at his purchase history and they were downloaded during our relationship. How do I take this?
What to do if my gf is pissing me off
A little help please?
I (24M) Asked my new girlfriend (21F) that if she could change One thing about me what would that be?
(F, 20) suggests that we talk about 1~3 hours a day is enough
Helping best friend who has hit rock bottom
I don't know how to break up? (Atm especially )
Moving to the city of my high school crush of 10 years. Can't stop thinking. Should I reconnect?
My boyfriend (32M) and I have been together for 5 years. Today I (29F) found out he's been forwarding nudes of his ex to himself.
Still being friends with ex in the hope of getting back
How do I(f35) handle it when my friends(m25) gf(f25) makes a power struggle with him in front of me?
Does she like me?
Does she like me?
My wife is leaving me.
My boyfriend is lying to me - Should I let it go?
Tinder* What to say?
[meta] Could we stop hating on exes?
Did my depressed girlfriend (19) break up with me (M21) or was it her depression?
Did my depressed girlfriend (19) break up with me (M21) or was it her depression?
My(28m) exgf(29f) ghosted me after 16 months, what do I do with her stuff?
my (17) girlfriend (17) never texts me first?
My Girlfriend (22) keeps emotionally cheating on me (24) with other men online and making different social media account’s
He has beautiful exes
Why are tiny uncurvy Chinese GIRLS [20sF] with a school boy sort of bodytype so irresistible to straight men?
I [22m] take a big responsibility on the ‘what-to-do’ list with my girlfriend [21f] and it is exhausting
When my friend change his mind about sth his girlfriend makes a point of it in front of us.
I [22] take a big responsibility on the ‘what-to-do’ list with my girlfriend [21] and it’s exhausting
My (21M) friendship broke down (22F)
I called my(f15) boyfriend(m17) over 15 times at 4am
i’m under mindfuckery
How do I [24M] break up with my suicidally depressed, maybe bpd, girlfriend [24f] without her killing herself?
I feel torn about my my parents I would love some perspective
I like to smell my boyfriend’s butt
How do I [24M] break up with very depressed, maybe bpd, girlfriend [24f] without her killing herself?
[27F][29M] My boyfriend has lied to me about his sexual history with a "friend".
Will confront my roommate today and need advice on how to get my point across, with as less drama as possible
My friend is breaking up with his gf but I [19M] like her friend
I will confront roommate today and need advice on how to get my point across with as less drama as possible
My friend is breaking up with his gf but I [19M] like her friend
My girlfriend [20f] left me [21m] due to our incompatibility. What should I do to get over it?
My friend is breaking up with his girl but I just started talking to her friend
About to confront my roommate about her inability to have her life in order right now. Need help to make this convo less dramatic.
Too much time with wife
Gf’s Mother behaving weirdly! Not feeling comfortable with her anymore
Gf’s Mother behaving weirdly! Not feeling comfortable with her anymore
I [26M] am worried that my girlfriend's [23F] long term illness is killing the relationship and I don't see any solutions
What can a woman do to make you realise you’re losing her?
I [32N] am considering establishing a relationship with my unkind Aunt [64F].
Too much time with Wife
I want to end a 1.5 relationship because of bad sex but I don’t know how
My bf (34) and his ex gf text a lot, I (33 f) am not sure how to feel or if I am overreacting. Looking for some 3rd party unbiased opinions.
I (30F) am worried about how much my husband (31M) drinks
i (17f) don’t feel comfortable talking about my feelings to my boyfriend (18M)
I sometimes (20M) Have racing thoughts.. Anyone else like this? Or just me?
She (18F) just came out and is now going through a bad time. Better I (17F) be here for her instead of be in a relationship with her?
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] sometimes posts nsfw on Facebook and it makes me uncomfortable. Am I overreacting?
I (30F) am worried about how much my husband (31M) drinks
Girlfriend [20f] dumped me because I [21m] am romantic and I give value to our relationship.
Is it Normal to have an “endgame” person on the back burner?
Guys, what can a woman do to make you realise you’re losing her?
Girlfriend [20f] dumped me because I[21m] am romantic.
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] sometimes posts nsfw on Facebook and it makes me uncomfortable. Am I overreacting?
23(M) Missing her...
Lockdown creating a "distance"
My ex-boyfriend is being removed from my lease today 10 months after break up
Shit
Lockdown has created a "Distance"
My Girlfriend cheated but I still miss her.
Dis this happeb to you? My 6 month girlfriend left me because I’m romantic and I give value to our relationship.
My 6 month girlfriend left me because I’m romantic and give value to our relationship. Am I guilty here?
Is it unreasonable for me [F, 23] to tell my future housemate [20s, M] that he cannot move in through my room?
Am I guilty because of who I am?
I [20F] want to end things with my partner [25M] but don’t know how
Should I feel guilty because of who I am?
How to remain friends with benefits or should I break it off?
tl;dr Should I feel guilty because of who I am?
Should I feel guilty because of who I am?
Is it unreasonable for me [F, 23] to tell my future housemate [20s, M] that he cannot move in through my room?
Help me😶
I need some help, how do I tell my girlfriend that I am uncomfortable that she is cuddly with other people
What are the odds that he’s (29M) cheating on me (29F)?
how should I (M24) deal with threats of violence from my girlfriend (F22) ?
It's a hard thing for me to do to ask for attention.
How should I (M24) deal with threats of violence by my girlfriend (F22)
My boyfriend (21m) and I (19f) decided it would be best to dissolve our relationship once my housing situation is stable
Boyfriend said something really hurtful during an argument and I can't get over it.
My boyfriend (21m) and I (19f) decided it would be best to dissolve our relationship (2 years long) once my housing situation is stable
My boyfriend said something terrible during an argument and now I can't get over it.
My boyfriend said something terrible during an argument and I can't get over it.
My boyfriend said something really hurtful during an argument and I can't get over it.
How do I (25F) stop my mom (52F) from nitpicking my career choice?
My bf (26m) easily gets angry at me when I (32m) get upset or needing some reassurance. LDR
I Feel Like My (20m) Girlfriend (19f) is Keeping Me From Exploring Myself w/ Substances
My boyfriend said something really hurtful during a fight and I can't get over it.
I (20m) feel like my girlfriend (19f) is holding me back from exploring myself
I [20m] want to explore myself more, and gf [19f] seems controlling
How do I stay friends with an ex without jeopardizing his current relationship
How many dates does it take to know if you want to be in a relationship with that person?
How many does does it take to know if you want to be in a relationship with someone?
How many dates does it take to know if you want to date someone?
Girlfriend has a past of infidelity and now red flags are popping up
Mental Illness and Long Distance Relationship (+ friends)
I (25F) had an argument with my SO (31M) over my illustration when I asked for compensation
Want out of relationship with a girl who is depressed/suicidal but don't know how
My friend outed sensitive info about me in front of new people
DH (M27) can’t deal with our “issues”, I (F26) took our wedding pictures down.
My brother and I used to be close but now we barely talk
My (24 M) Girlfriend (21 F) recently opened up to me about past trauma, how can I help her?
Getting back together with an ex?
Dating slightly older women as a man
I [18m] had sex with my friend with benefits [22f] and her best friend [24f] at the same time. I liked her friend and want to see her again.
My (24 M) Girlfriend (21 F) recently opened up to me about past trauma, how can I help her?
Lessons not learned in blood are soon forgotten...33m, 30f
I feel like my mom (51) is invalidating me?
Do I tell my ex gf I cheated on her?
I feel like my mom (51) is invalidating me?
I moved to an unfamiliar city to be near my boyfriend [28F] [30M] and he has barely been in touch since my arrival
Cutting off my crush [20] because they don’t reciprocate my [20] feelings
I had an unrequited crush and this is the letter I wrote.
Dating a married man
Ex is saying some crazy things, I've left him alone and just found out through someone he knows the sh*t he has been saying about me and it is CRAZYYY; should I have confronted him?
Ex is saying some crazy things, I've left him alone and just found out through someone he knows the sh*t he has been saying about me and it is CRAZYYY; should I have confronted him?
A girl never told me she was poly/also seeing someone else until we were officially dating, was I cheated on?
Cutting off my crush [20] because they don’t reciprocate my [20] feelings
My boyfriend is not making it easy for me to end our relationship
How do I have these difficult conversations with my brother without him getting so defensive?
I (18f) logged into my boyfriends (19m) Snapchat because curiosity got the better of me. Didn’t enjoy the results
Cutting off my crush [20] because they don’t reciprocate my [20] feelings.
Do I tell my ex gf I cheated on her?
My (30F) BFF (31F) takes our friendship way less seriously than I do
How to accept that somebody wants nothing to do with you anymore?
Is it justifiable to cut someone off, someone who you really want to be in a relationship with, because they only want to be friends and you can’t deal with that?
My ex would probably describe me as putting the ‘crazy bitch’ in ‘crazy fucking bitch’ and it’s not inaccurate but 24 hours more? Looking for any advice on how to ensure it stays physical without turning emotional so the parting is sweet closure
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
My ex probably describes me as “puts the ‘crazy bitch’ in ‘crazy fucking bitch’”
Should I tell my sister's bf she cheated
My (23F) Boyfriend (26M) met up with one of his friends (30?M) and he kept talking about my boobs.
Girlfriend didn’t tell me she was poly until we were dating and I feel as if I was cheated on.
My (28f) partner (29m) of 6 years blocked me on Instagram
My (19F) boyfriend (19F) is asking for nudes. How would you react?
Is it possible for me (23M) to be too honest about my feelings with girlfriend (23F) of 3 years?
Parenting is hard (30M) & (28F) 7 months
Personally(27M) Getting Over Feelings For Someone(22F)
Is honesty the best course of action that I (24M) should take with my (23F) girlfriend of 3 years?
My (19F) boyfirend (19M) is asking for nudes. How would you react?
My (28f) partner (29m) of 6 years blocked me on Instagram
Boyfriend is asking for nudes. How would you react?
Relationship Question
Getting Over Feelings For Someone
DH (M27) can’t deal with our “issues”, I (F26) take our wedding pictures down.
My (M19) GF (F19) thinks she's betraying her parents trust by dating me
Am I (25/M) being cruel not letting my partner (26/F) (4 years) meet my niece (-1 week/F) while we are separated?
[27M] have been dating [27F] and found out she had another guy by accident
Should I just suck this up? Or how to address this problem?
I don't know how to relationship
Should I just suck this up? Or how to address this problem?
Should I just suck this up? Or how to address this
Girls of reddit please help
I [27M] have been dating [27F] and found out she had another guy by accident
Bedroom roles?
My (27f) husband (28m) might be depressed and I think he is jealous of me
Idk if this belongs here or not
Roles in the bedroom
my (21f) boyfriend (22m) won’t tell his family about me
Girls of reddit please help me out
TMI but please help
Drunk Jealousy
My GF (20F) Owns Brass Knuckles...
my (21f) boyfriend (22m) won’t tell his family about me
Update: leaving my (23M) emotionally draining girlfriend
Did I mess up? I resent myself ever since...
Other college students stuck back at home, how are you coping??
Did I mess up? I resent myself ever since
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
My GF (20F) is sometimes hostile with me (20M)
My best friend is a catfish
What’s a good pace of getting physical during early dating stages for me (29F) and him (28M)?
My husband's ex sister in law had a baby 2 weeks ago and named her daughter something really similar to my husband's name and our child name.
I [22F] had a panic attack and went to my boyfriend [24M] for support via text, he offered no support, so I went to bed to deal. He got upset at me, then complained the following two weeks that I wasn't giving him enough affection. Am I justified to feel mad and hurt? Is he being selfish?
My husband's ex sister in law had a baby 2 weeks ago and named her something oddly similar to my husband's name and our child's. I think it's odd to say the least.
Supposed to get married but having doubts because want financial stability.
Wife wants kids now. I don't
Does it get better once I move out?
I(21F) need to know if this will ruin my relationship if I bring it up to my boyfriend(23M) or if I should just drop it
Supposed to get married but having doubts because want financial stability
I (24) want to know if my boyfriend (24) isn't listening to me
need some help
Breaking up with the love of my life. I (22M) love my girlfriend (22F) but feels like a “right person, wrong time” situation. Advice?
Nothing sexual between bf and I
Breaking up with the love of my life. I (22M) love my girlfriend (22F) but feels like a “right person, wrong time” situation. Advice please.
Helping My Ex - Advice?
Am i WRONG?
Differing political views
Am I(20F) affirming my BF(23M) too much?
Kids
I (30F) can’t decide about 5yr relationship with 30M BF
How to tell my boyfriend that all my best friends are guys
Advice on how to not overthink in a relationship
How to tell my boyfriend that all my best friends are guys
My ex(22f) keeps showing up in my(22m) life
Wandering Eye
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Reconnecting(?) with an ex-friend
My ex(22f) keeps showing up in my(22m) life
Am I ruining my girlfriend's career
I [30F] have not been handling my break up well with my ex [30m] and I just want to know there’s a light at the end of the tunnel.
What does "I need more time" exactly mean?
I [21F] am a bridesmaid in my friend's [22F] wedding, but I hate her fiance's guts [23M]. What do I do?
Mother [70] is all alone now that grandmother [90] has died. What can I [32] do to help her cope and build a new life?
I broke up with her a few days ago and am having a mental shitstorm deciding if I should ask for her back.
I broke up with her a few days ago and have been having a mental shitstorm wondering if I should ask for her back.
Lied to for a whopping 8 months
Bf thinks i’m talking to other people
my (20f) alcoholic husband (21m) scares me
Am I ruining my girlfriend's career
Should I break up with my bf due to my chronic pain?
I (30F) Need to hear about how you recovered from devastating breakups
I broke up with her a few days ago, and have been having an inner war as to whether I should go and make up with her or continue on.
Should I leave my boyfriend due to my chronic pain?
My grandma [90] was basically my mom's [70] one friend for 30 years. What do I [34] do now that she's gone?
for those of you who dated/dating a man with kids, how’s it working?
Girlfriend makes me so nauseous I can’t help but vomit.
secretly helped my BF cheat in school, now he's making a big deal out of it
My [28 F] boyfriend's [28 M] sister [26 F] doesn't like me and I'm not sure what approach to take.
my (20f) alcoholic husband (21m) scares me
I [25F] need to work on feeling comfortable initiating sex with my boyfriend [29M]
I'm either stupid or naive, maybe both. Please help.
Will I (24m) ever find what I had with my ex (23f) again? Or am I forever doomed?
I [20F] think I just ruined a friendship with [M20]
My boyfriend and I disagree about moving in with each other
My boyfriend and I disagree on moving in with each other
secretly helped my BF cheat in school, now he's making a big deal out of it
What should I [20F] do about my jealous feelings towards my boyfriend [20M]?
I (36 m) need honesty/monogamy reality check regarding girlfriend (30 f)
HELP. Should I report my bf’s dad & wife to the CAS (Children Aid Society)?
How can I (25M) escalate the conversation to sex?
My bf (24) sometimes ignores things I (23) say. Is this normal?
how to/should I end my long term relationship
Can a relationship TRULY SURVIVE domestic violence? [TL;DR at the end.]
how to end a long term relationship
I'm a [F, 19]
How do I deal with a friend who is disrespectful of my time?
My best friend's boyfriend might be cheating and I may have caught him but I'm not sure.
my partner (26 m) knows i (24 f) need more affirmation but isn't willing/able to give it to me
How can I (25M) escalate conversations to sex?
My bestfriend/Housemate's boyfriend might be cheating and I may have caught him a few months back
I (30F) just found out my husband (38M) has a restraining order from a previous relationship (35F).
Which is worse: Cheating on someone or breaking up with them?
Lifelong friends have completely shunned me because one of our group told me to invite a guy to his party and ask him to “bring girls”, he brought three underage girls and I promptly kicked them out but I have been shunned completely
hey im 27 and been single for a long time. need help
My boyfriend’s friend’s creepy dad
My boyfriend (M28) keeps picking gaming over me (F26).
Oh dear
My boyfriend (M28) keeps picking gaming over me (F26)
I think I got my girlfriend fired
Which is worse: Cheating on someone or breaking up with them?
I (22M) have been abused by another man (21M) in my fraternity for years
My (F22) boyfriend (M22) keeps telling his friends/family about things I would rather stayed between us.
[M30] [F30] I get mad with my wife
I[24M] am struggling with moving on from my ex[22F] any advice appreciated
Sister [32F] drove with [1M] unsecured in the back of her car and has lost custody rights to her ex [34F]. She hasn't come out of her room to do anything but eat in weeks.
Is it possible to be in love with a person, yet not like them so much?
Fell in love with a disaster
My (M/24) retroactive jealousy is ruining relationship with GF (F/29).
Me [24 M] need time to myself after texting[22 F]
My (17M) girlfriend (19F) have issues because of our age.
My boyfriend is so interested in my odd phobia, I find it very sweet
For those who have been "in love"....Did you also like the other person?
[M30] [F30] I get mad with my wife
My boyfriend thinks it’s okay to say the n word in a “safe space”
Coronavirus
For those who have been "in love"....Did you also like the other person?
Boyfriend (M24) has small penis and sex is bland and forceful sometimes. Should I break up?(F22)
Need advise with relationship during COVID-19
Talking for almost 3 months due to COVID - testing physical compatibility? [26f, 35m]
My 16 year old step son is a delinquent. I don't know what to do
Boyfriend (M,24) has small penis and can be a bit forceful at times. Should I break up? (F,22)
My boyfriend thinks it is okay to use the n word in a “safe space”
Girlfriend of 5 years not willing to grow-up M[23] F[24]
My (28F) relationship with my best friend (38M) suddenly got really weird today, and I'm not sure how to proceed
I [24 M] disagree with my 3 friends [23-25 M] on using my car for our upcoming road trip.
How do I get my girlfriend back who lost feelings for me
No, seriously. How do you date as a single mum?
I'm [27/M] have been getting to know a woman [29/F] for the past few months, but I'm not sure if there's the potential for anything to develop from it.
I(27f) blocked my ex-friend(31m) after he got angry at me for not buying a birthday cake while I grieve over a death of a family member
My friends make me feel bad for don't break quarantine
My ex(friend) got blocked after he called me out for not buying a birthday cake while I grieve over a death of a family member.
My ex(friend) got blocked after prioritizing a birthday cake over the death of a family member of mine
My (F,23) boyfriend (M,25) is obsessed with death and I am not sure what to do or how to help.
Toxic (26f) “friend” won’t respect my (25f) boundaries?
Checking her social media
Can't stop being jealous of my [20M] friend [19F] of 3 years
My ex(friend) got blocked after prioritizing a birthday cake over a death of a family member of mine.
My boyfriend(27M) misses sex with his ex
Am I a Cinderella or ungrateful person?
My boyfriend thinks the n word is okay if it is in a “safe space”
I [43M] need help getting over my exgf [37F] after she cheated and lied to me.
I, (F25) moved out impulsively due to my mother’s boyfriend. Mother will defend him to the death. Tell me your thoughts...
Checking social media
I (f20) need help with an opaque boyfriend (m21) who hates communicating
I (18F) want a baby so badly and I know I can’t have one right now. How do I talk to my husband (26M) about it?
I'm [27/M] interested in a woman [29/F] who I think sees me more as a potential friend than a love interest.
I [16M] have been having dirty thoughts about my sister [5F]
I [43] need help getting over my exgf [37F] who cheated on me and lied to me.
I’m (f20) not sure how to deal with these things about my boyfriend (m21)
Was I too harsh on my guy friend?
What is up with a person [32m] who would do this to me [32f]?
I (24F) just got dumped by my (31M) boyfriend of 5y, how do I stop myself from contacting him and begging for him?
I am (34)LIFE HAS TAUGHT ME AND I WANT MY FELLOW WOMEN TO LEARN FOR MY EXPERIENCE.
My [22F] bf [22M] hid his Instagram stories from me and I don’t know what to say/do
I have a crush on my guy friend who's taken¡
I (F 21) feel like I'm not a great addition to my boyfriend's life (M 25)
Hmmm unsure about something
Don’t know what this means, is she or is she not interested? Move on?
How can I (28F) support my partner (33M) who is having a business conflict with a mutual friend (31M)?
Why does my [28f] ex [37m] care about me?
Dumped after fake dog death
My best friend [30F] wanted to visit me [32M] while I am on a long holiday. My girlfriend [34F] wouldn't allow it. Things are now awkward
[26F] [27M], 1+ year, moving in together. How to make sure it’s fair?
Would You Move Across Province with your SO?
My (23f) bf (26m) can’t compromise on anything and constantly has to have his way or no way
I (F) feel like I'm not a great addition to my boyfriend's life
How can I (28F) support my partner (33M) who is having a business conflict with a mutual friend (31M)?
I (25m) ignored my friend (20m) and now he’s angry at me
I (18M) am unsure if I should contact ex (18F) even if we are on good terms
Strict parents don't know about my relationship and I'm planning to move out
17 and Moving to my girlfriend parent's family soon. Advice please!
[32m] looking for advice on how to date [34f]
[32 M] looking for advice on how to date [34 F]
Celebrating a friends 18th while having social Anxiety
Man (29M) I’m(27F) seeing is still active on dating app
Quarantine Birthday Ideas!!
Girl cheated on me with my friend for a reason that has occurred to me multiple times now.
Celebrating 18th Birthday of a friend while suffering from social Anxiety( And COVID)
25F, 45M, few months, would you say these are “red flags”?
Breaking up w/ her. Best thing or tragic mistake?
My [28M] girlfriend [22F] of four years criticizes every single thing I do.
Keeping financial situation hidden until marriage?
My boyfriend(27M) misses sex with his ex
Girl cheated on me with my 6’4 Friend.
Looking for advice!!
Keeping finances hidden in a relationship?
Man (29M) I’m(27F) seeing is still active on dating app
I (f18) feel inadequate to my old friends and cant make new friends online.
What do you do when you lost the excitement in a relationship?
How do I (23F) work with this guy (23M) when he is in a committed relationship? Please read last post to know background.
How do I (23F) work with this guy (23M) when he's in a committed relationship? Please read last post to know the background.
25F, 45M, few months, would you say these are “red flags”?
I (15M) love my crush (15F) be and don't be know what to do
I’m a healthcare worker who has been sleeping casually with a colleague for a long time, this weekend I found he’s in a long term relationship. What do I do?
I (15M) love my crush (15F) and don't know what to do
What’s the best relationship advice you guys have ever received?
I (15M) love my crush (15F) and don't know what to do
I (18M) am unsure if I should still try to contact my ex(18F) because of how everything turned out
I(16F) love my boyfriend(16M) but can’t stop thinking about having a girlfriend
Was I (17F) abused by my ex (17M)?
My Girlfriend told me she doesn't find me sexy or attractive.
My [35F] Ex-FIL [70s] Keeps Calling Me Trying to Find Son
[May I develop genuine feelings towards a very good friend or do I want to preserve selfishly and desperately our friendship
My (17F) boyfriend (18M) received a message from ex (18F) out of the blue asking to reconnect.
Girlfriend [25f] found out I [27m] make 3 times her salary. She now thinks I am cheaping out on her . She wants more expensive gifts and doesn't want to pay out of pocket anymore.
Being in a relationship with your ex but without the label?
Man (29M) I’m(27F) seeing is still active on dating app
I (F18) want to improve my relationship with my dad (M 56)
How should I (18M) tell my crush (18F) that I love her?
May I develop genuine feelings towards a very good friend or do I want to preserve selfishly and desperately our friendship
My [31F) husband [33M] asked me to lose weight even though I am at a healthy weight
Guy(M29) I’m(F27) seeing still active on the dating app where we met
My [31F] husband [33M] asked me to lose weight even though I am at a healthy weight
The guy I’m(F27) seeing(M29) Is still active on a dating app
Me [36 F] with my boyfriend [56 F] 1yr 2 months relationship, just found out his real age
How do (23M) I gain my (23F) girlfriends trust back?
UPDATE: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to move out of his parent's house or find a job
I peed all over my girlfriend's floor. She is the best girlfriend ever.
How do (23M) I gain my (23F) girlfriends trust back?
How can I (23M) tell if my GF (29F) is still romantically into me?
(F 18) I think I slightly resent my dad (M 55)
My [24F] mom [50] is toxic and I don't know how to have a relationship with her anymore.
(F20) Would it be fair to be angry at my BF (M21) for not checking up on an injured cat by his house?
UPDATE: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to move out of his parents house, or find a job
How I (23M) can tell if my GF (29F) is still romantically into me?
My (M18) girlfriend (F18) has been ignoring my messages
Opinions on my (24f) situation currently living at home with parents
How long before I (29F) should expect a guy (28F) to make up his mind if he wants to be with me or not?
I need immediate help..My (21F) ex's mom (21M) is dying right now from cancer as we speak, and he's calling me over and over. 30 minutes ago he was just emailing me saying Im a pathetic bitch and that if he kills himself over how I made him feel, I'm the one whose gonna "feel it in my chest"..
I [25M] just discovered a hidden talent of my wife's [24F] and I feel bad I never knew
Opinions on my (24 F) current situation living at home with my parents
How can I [28f] apologize to my ex [37m]?
My Ex likes and comments on all of my family's pics. Is this normal?
My (21f) ex-boyfriend (21m) broke up with me during quarantine claiming abusiveness throughout our year-long relationship
I need immediate help..My (21F) ex's mom (21M) is dying right now from cancer as we speak, and he's calling me over and over. 30 minutes ago he was just emailing me saying Im a pathetic bitch and that if he kills himself over how I made him feel, I'm the one whose gonna "feel it in my chest"..
I think I (25/F) was taken advantage of by friend (24/M)
Am I just being paranoid, or is my wife having an emotional affair?
When me (F22) and my Fiance (M24) “fight,” it’s always the same thing that comes up no matter the source of frustration. How can I/we help resolve this?
I(16F) love my boyfriend(16M) but can't stop thinking about having a girlfriend
Boyfriend has no self esteem and is afraid to say no to me how to help
My roommate continually trashes our house by "going though" boxes she STILL hasn't unpacked in the 6 months we have been here.
My [21F] boyfriend [29M] got into a fight because he would not get me alcohol.
Need a little help sorting out my (33f) weird weekend with my SO (35m) of 4 years and our dynamic with his roommate (38f)
Strained relationship with my dad
I think I (25/F)was taken advantage of by friend (24/M)
How do I talk to my white boyfriend about race?
(20yo) Need to talk with a girl about relationships problems
I(16F) love my boyfriend(16M) but can't stop thinking about having a girlfriend
24M how do I stop over investing in people so quickly
I [28M] am feeling physically/sexually inadequate with my GF [28F].
A disturbing situation has been unfolding in my family (very messy divorce, extremely strange circumstances) and I don't even know what to think or do anymore. I'm deeply unsettled and confused. What to do about my (24F) father (60M)?
How do I deal with my conflicted feelings about my parents?
24M how do I stop over investing in people so quickly
A disturbing situation has been unfolding in my family (very messy divorce, extremely strange circumstances) and I don't even know what to think or do anymore. I'm deeply unsettled and confused. What to do about my (24F) father (60M)? Is the end of our relationship?
I never understood why having a emotional connection to other people (like having a wife or a husband) is considered important...I just have sex with people, I never understood how someone can be more than a friend or sexpartner. Could you people here on this sub explain to me: Why a relationship?
My boyfriend (M,24) made a music video made up entirely of selfies of himself and sent it to me (F,22). Narcissistic much?
I never understood why having a emotional connection to other people (like having a wife or a husband) is considered important...I just have sex with people, I never understood how someone can be more than a friend or sexpartner. Could you people here on this sub explain to me: Why a relationship?
HELP NEEDED: How to phrase my unhappiness
What do I do?
How do I (25f) tell my partner (28m) that I don't want to be on birth contorl anymore?
My girlfriend [25 F] and I [28 M] had a disagreement about pornography and now I’m not sure what to do.
How do I (25f) tell my partner (28m) that I don't want to be on birth control anymore?
How?
Boyfriend (22M) decided to move out exactly when I'll (27F) be unemployed and won't return me money
How do I {17F} tell my mom that I want to move in with my father full-time when I turn 18?
My boyfriend sent me a music video he made of a bunch of selfies of himself. Narcissistic much?
How can I convince my father to go to a therapist? (Long backstory)
My (F34) boyfriend (M38) told me he likes to have his own space
Should I cut off my ex?
My [26F] just called it off with me [27M] because of lockdown?
My girlfriend [29f] and I [26m] don’t know what to do about her brother ex [26f] and are getting creeped out.
My girlfriend [29f] and I [26m] don’t know what to do about her brothers ex girlfriend [26f]
Former roommate only blamed me when her living situation got turned upside down.
How do I (30/F) politely tell my friend (35/M) that I don’t want a play by play of each of his dates and sexual conquests?
Boyfriend (22M) decided to move out exactly when I'll (27F) be unemployed and won't return me money
I (15F) got really upset at my friend (15F) I want to apologise, but I feel so strongly about my opinion. What do I do?
Pregnant (30sF) and need relationship advice. X-Post to r/deadbedrooms
My [17f] sister [13f] is constantly comparing herself to me and trying to compete with me
Is this guy (27M) I'm (25F) going on dates with legit or I'm good being doubtful?
My [17f] sister [13f] is constantly comparing herself to me and trying to compete with me
Is it better for me [26M] to cut out racist friends from my life, or keep in touch and continue to try and change them?
Is this guy (27M) I'm (25F) going on dates with legit or I have reasons to be doubtful?
Would I invade his privacy by confronting him?
Girlfriend (19) thinks she's betraying her parents trust by dating me
My (19 F) Boyfriend (19) no longer tries nor puts anymore effort
Bisexual woman only turned on by gay men?
I'm pregnant and need advice. X-Post to r/deadbedrooms
Woman but only turned on by gay men?
I have no idea what to do right now
Should I find the right one?
My [26M] friendship group from high school have racist opinions that they can't seem to grow out of. Do I cut them out or carry on trying to change them?
My (25M) girlfriend (21F) killed my pet spider after an argument, she swears it was an accident but I am really finding it hard to believe her. Can we move past this with all of the mistrust I now have because of it?
Should I find the right one?
Girlfriend got mad for having 2 girls join my party. Any advice?
Girlfriend got mad for having 2 girls join our party. Any advice ?
Boyfriends ex still has pictures of them of social media, makes me insecure
Girlfriend got mad because 2 girls came to my party who are friends
Should i just end my long distance relationship or mive in with my bf against my parents wishes
Should I find the right one?
A girlfriend(23F) who is only nice when I(24M) am under full control of her
Just don't no what to do
Feeling anxious about my (20F) 2 year relationship with my boyfriend (21M)
I (24f) caught my boyfriend (25m) buying nudes, still insecure 6 months later
I tried to save my cousin from a screaming smoking sex worker, which later pushed me down the stairs and then called the cops on me and told a bitch paramedic that I’m a paranoid schizophrenic to make sure they sedate me.
Dealing with retroactive jealousy
Was I [25/F] being gaslighted by my supervisor [35/F]?
I don't know if i should end the relationship or move in with my ld partner against my parents wishes
Travel Infatuation or something real?
Brother [29m] stopped inviting me [25f] to his parties in fear I won't have fun which would ruin his night.
Brother [29m] stopped inviting me [25f] after I became single because he's worried I won't have a good time. Unsure how to fix the situation?
I (24f) caught my bf (25m) buying nudes, still insecure 6 months later
I [20s NB] said something awful to my partner [20s NB] while under the influence
I (F14) didn't cut off my toxic friend
I (29m) have a girlfriend (23f) and i lied to here in diffrent things
I (32/f) am on a DTR train going nowhere with my non-bf (32/m)
Cheating partner - unsure if he is a chaser, a cheat or needs to be honest about himself
Asked husband permisson to go to bed
How do I [M45] get back the love of my ex [F36]
I (25F) 2 Years Later, Still Think About My First Love (26F) During And PostBreak Up Of Other Relationships
I [20s NB] said something awful while under the influence to my partner [20s NB]
Is it really that rude to come over to a family member's house uninvited?
I (18f) think I may need to break up with my boyfriend (19m) because he’s becoming too much
I think I (18F) may have to break up with my boyfriend (19F)
Sisters friend (35) posted baby pics of myself (38) and my sister (36) when there’s no physical way she could have accessed these pics. Should I say something?
How can I keep a girl intersted after only texting for months?
Am I (28w) in a toxic relationship with my (26m) boyfriend? Please I need help
Travel love infatuation or maybe something more?
[20/f] Am i wrong for cutting my friend (20/f) off?
Is it okay to breakup because of this?
My [25f] bf [29m] woke up a completely different person please help me
Am I [18 F] being unreasonable for expecting my sister [25 F] to help our mom [58 F] around the house more?
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
Me [27] confused by a guy from college [40]
My (31M) wife (30F) doesn't like that I drink, but I only have a few shots every few days.
Cheating partner - unsure if he is a chaser, a cheat or needs to be honest about himself
How can I keep a girl intersted after just texting for months?
My partner (30) and I (30) got into a drunken disagreement about public peeing..
Should I (25 M) keep some minimal contact with my dad (56 M) even if just for my mom's (53 F) sake?
(28M) (24F) Fiance Left
My boyfriend [M25] made me [F25] really upset so I retaliated by deleting his Minecraft world. How can I resolve this?
Talking to 13 y/o brother about porn addiction. Quick advice needed.
I had to become skinny to avoid being groped
Talking to 13 y/o brother about porn addiction. Quick advice needed.
Boyfriend thinks he can read my mind
Boyfriend thinks he can read my mind
I(31m)was told by my friend(30f) that I’m too negative and that is why she doesn’t want to hang out with me. How do I fix myself?
My [25f] bf [29m] woke up a competely different person. Please help me
I (24m) started a relationship when I had underlying issues with her
How do I (F28) stop being a toxic person to my partner (M29) of 9 years?
I became skinny to avoid being groped
My [21F] father [60M] is demanding I pay rent because I've been home from college due to the pandemic. Should I move out?
Best friend’s boyfriend vs my boyfriend
My [21F] father [60M] is demanding rent because I've been home from college due to the pandemic. Should I move out?
Any help?
Boyfriends ex still has pictures of them of social media, makes me insecure.
My 21 year old boyfriend is a momma’s boy
My ex (35m) is already stalking me. In need of Advice please.
Unfaithful
Don't start a relationship if you have underlying issues.
I [22F] want to stop seeing my therapist [50sF] but I’m concerned that she will try to make me continue our sessions.
I (17M) have horrible anxiety about my partner(16F) who i am in a long distence ralationship with cheating on me
He’s a momma’s boy
How do I stop being toxic? (F29) towards my (M28) partner of 9 years.
Relationship
Mother (38) keeps making comments pushing me to move out and generally guilt tripping me (19 f)
Yearning for something you never had...
Relationship problem
My boyfriend hates birthdays but I still want to make his upcoming birthday special
long distance
MY BIGGEST CRUSH!
How do you break up with someone who threatens harm and suicide attempts every single time?
My (29M) girlfriend (26F) recently told me she both still feels really nervous around me, and under a lot of pressure when we hangout, I'm unsure of what to make of this but would also like advice to help her feel more comfortable around me.
Not in a relationship I’ve just never dated anyone before. I’m 14 Male, She’s 14 Female.
I’m not sure what to do
How do I[16M] stop getting jealous over my girlfriend[16F] of 1 year's male friends at school.
Not in a relationship I’ve just never dated anyone before. I’m 14 Male, She’s 14 Female.
How to deal with “flakey” friends ?
I (25M) have just found out my husband (23M) had sex with someone four months ago the week I left for deployment (I am still in deployment). What do I do it’s not the first time.
Not in a relationship I’ve just never dated anyone before.
long distence
Looking at my (M26) parents' (M71/F65) marriage, I feel fear to commit with my girlfriend (F29) of 4 years
How do you deal with “flakey” friends ?
21 (m) and 19 (f) advice on overcoming relationship issues, insecurities, and sexual performance issues.
I (24M) have a crush on a co worker (23F) and don't know what to do?
don’t know what to do with my mom anymore.
I’m [23F] pregnant and my boyfriend [25M] is always mad at me.
My 19 y/o sister told our sick mom to "eat Oreos and go to sleep"
should i[20M] be concerned from lack of texting from girl [21F]?
What to do for six month anniversary!!!?
My (16F) mother (43F) keeps sticking up for my Step-Dad (43M) who eats all the food.
should i[20M] be concerned from lack of texting from girl [21F]?
My 19 y/o sister told our sick mom to "eat Oreos and go to bed"
My (f17) little brother (10) keeps breaking my stuff and my mom (40-something) won't do shit about it.
I (25F) 2 Years Later, Still Think About My First Love (25F) During And PostBreak Up Of Other Relationships
19M was talking to 20F felt so much connection and attraction, but I don’t feel good enough for this person
Girlfriend forgot where I'm from, am I blowing this out of proportion ?
Is lack of texting and calling a sign he (33m) doesn’t care about me (28f)?
I’m withdrawing my son’s [18M] college application. He’s never going to attain higher education if he abuses us the way he does. He’s a little insensitive and narcissistic prick and I don’t know what I can do with him anymore. How can I get him to respect me?
Gf suddenly got better in bed
What do you think?
My girlfriend forgot my race, am I blowing this out of proportion ?
Gf suddenly got better in bed
He’s gone
Does my 23 (M) long Distance girlfriend 25(F) have body-image issues?
Envy is affecting how I [F26] feel about my friends [F23] and [F27]
Brother [29m] feels responsible for me [25f] so does not invite me places. Unsure how to handle.
Envy about $$$ is affecting how I feel about my friends
Am I (F24) an asshole for knocking a couple of people off of my body count?
Are these Body image issues my 25(F) long-distance girlfriend has?
Is my Wife's Proposal if we get divorced reasonable? What are your thought?
I never meet my bf family
My wife's proposal if we divorce. Reasonable? Crazy? Help me view this the right way
I need help
I sometimes find myself missing my ex even though he did horrible things to me
He’s gone
Boyfriend is mad at me because I upset his mum by doing something he asked me to do!
I (17F) told my dad my mom cheated and now my whole family hates me.
I'm 19 and need advice
My (25M) friend (24M) has been suspicious lately and i dont know what to do
My best friend has low self esteem and I don't know how to deal
Boyfriend angry because I upset his mum, whilst doing something he asked me to do
Should I (24f) tell my friend (28f) I think her bf (29m) is possibly gay? [Friendship]
My girlfriend broke up with me after 1 year
How long to wait to speak to someone I care about after breaking contact?
I (26f) think my friends (28f) bf (29m) is gay. Am I out of line?
My D&D group wants to meetup despite the COVID-situation
I (17F) don't feel happy with my partners (18 and 19M) but I love them and don't know how to proceed
Wedding
Multiple Messages from Former Lover’s Mom through FB Messenger.
Girlfriend kissed her friends
My dad and I got in a huge fight. I get arrested. Advice? (26 M) (50M). Was planning on moving out in September but now I have to find a place quick.
Can't seem get over my (M21) breakup
I (f 20) feel as if my mother (f 55) is never fully satisfied with what I do...
How long to wait to speak to someone I care about after breaking contact?
I (F 20) feel as if my mother (F 55) is never completely satisfied with what I do.
My dad and I got in a huge fight. I get arrested. Advice? (26 M) (50M). Was planning on moving out in September but now I have to find a place quick.
Freshly Broken. Help Me See the Good Again?
Not impressed.
I (20 F) feel as if my mother (F 55) is never completely satisfied with what I do.... and it’s taking a toll on me.
I[M19] am worried that I'm overreacting when it comes to how my girlfriend [20]acts in a relationship.
I (23F) don't know what to do about my mother (50F)
Obsessive creeping on Ex
Yesterday I (21M) met back up with the girl (20F) who jilted me three months ago, after the third date.
Next course of action?
Obsessive creeping on ex
(40f) don’t like to be heard during sex with my bf (30m). My boyfriend thinks that’s ridiculous and makes me feel bad for feeling that way.
My (26f) cousin (47m) abused me as a child and my mother (60f) refuses to believe or acknowledge it. She wants me to forgive him and let him in my life. It’s ruining my relationship with her.
I’m a healthcare worker and I realised my colleague has been cheating on his long term girlfriend with me for 7 months
Mom (F50) is pissed because I (F22) said I've been seeing someone (M26) for months now. She thinks she has a say on who I should date.
Am I overthinking it or being worried for nothing? Guy I'm talking hasn't been online for (almost) 2 days which is quite unusual from him.
Next course of action?
Stage 5 clinger? I am really confused with this one.
In love with a man (28M) who doesn’t believe I (22F) am a virgin.
My boyfriend (M,25) can’t stop talking and thinking about death and idk what to do. Please help.
Best friend might cut me off for girlfriend
I (F20) enjoy short-term relationships and see relationships as an experience. What’s the catch here?
I’m a 29 years old single lady ,looking for a man from range of 30-50 years old for a serious relationship Serious minded men should dm
(25M) How much does moving out of the city actually affect social and dating opportunities?
I’m a 29 years old single lady ,looking for a man from range of 30-50 years old for a serious relationship
My (26f) cousin (47m) abused me throughout childhood and my mother (60f) refuses to believe it. It’s ruining our relationship.
My [25M] relationship of 3 years recently ended, my ex [24M] is already in a new relationship but I havent moved on.
I’m a single lady looking for a man I can call mine
My ex dumped me and now I'm losing all my friends
I (F20) like short-term relationships and see relationships as an experience. What’s the catch here?
My boyfriend, 25, is freaking out about death and I don’t know what to do
My (25M) relationship of 3 years just ended, my ex (24MtF) has already moved on to a new relationship.
Am I [F, 27] sacrificing too much for my boyfriend [M, 36] by moving out half of the week?
I (25F) think I assaulted my boyfriend (28M)
Do I forgive?
Moving past domestic abuse and how to earn back my[f23] husbands[m28] trust.
My [26F] cousin [47M] abused me growing up, mother [60F] doesn’t believe me and it’s ruining our relationship
How would it feel to receive a memento of your deceased father on father's day?
I (27f) had a not-nearly-relationship with a guy (27m) but now we’ve moved cities
Being the sole decision maker to have children.
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
After a long time
Me (M,28) and my friend (F,29) from FB
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
I feel like my parents (53F.54M) are giving me (21F) a hard time just because i am different from my siblings (24M,18F)
I [24F] Broke up with my boyfriend [25M] After watching Midsommar with friends... Now people are mad at me.
After a long time
Female friend from FB
After a long time
I feel frustrated, and as a result im pushing away the people i care most about.
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (23M) want different things in life.
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (23M) want different things in life.
I feel frustrated, and as a result im pushing away the people i care most about.
How should I react to my friends downplaying the assault on me?
I(21M)broke up with my girlfriend(19F) because I wasn’t sure if I was happy anymore... I’m already feeling regret and feel like I should get back together?
23 and never been frisked, might be at risk!
I'm thinking about keeping her or just let her go.
I [M31] May Have Ruined My Marriage [6Y] With Wife [F31] With Affair [4 Mo] and Inadvertently Hurtful Comments. Is there any Hope?
Bestfriend might cut me off for girlfriend...
Single father
Have you had cases where you rethink about your SO because of their morality?
My girlfriend (31f) and I (38m) had conversation that she predicted and disregarded my thoughts without me saying anything
I (M21) dont know what to do with my never ending crush (F20) story
What should i do with my never ending crush story?
We don’t have sex
I am sad and tired of my husband
I am tired of my husband and sad
My husband and I have a serious problem
(19M) Struggling with moving on from 3 year friendship (20F)
I'm (F20) panicking over something I'm almost certain my boyfriend (M20) didn't do, but I don't know if it makes me a bad person
Partners to room mates
My (25M) girlfriends (30) ex boyfriend is starting to annoy me.
Was she (23/F) using me (23/M) this entire time or did I read things wrong?
Turning into room mates
How can I stop obsessing that my partner has had better sex before me [31F][33M]
Should I let my sons meet their eldest brother or should I wait till their bigger? My kids don't even know he exist, yet.
I keep liking Woman who are always in a relationship. How do i stop this?
I'm (25F) feeling sexually frustrated in my relationship (29M)
Girlfriend gave number to stranger
My (21F) ex (21M) and I broke up after almost 2 years and told me that after our first date, he drove to his Gf’s house, told her that he met someone else he knew he’d end up with, and told me how he watched her cry. Idk what to do..
I [26m] have a friend [27m] who will consistently not show up after making solidified plans with the friend group.
I (32F) am having a hard time coping being apart with my boyfriend (37M)
I (25m) want to break up with my gf (20f)
I'm (25F) feeling sexually frustrated in my relationship (29M)
Girlfriend gave number out to a stranger
My [23F] bf [25M] said in an argument the only reason he’s with me is because he’s physically attracted to me
I'm (M18) struggling to call in general with the people in my life, especially my girlfriend (F18)
My [23F] bf [25M] just said in an argument that the only reason he’s with me is because he’s physically attracted to me
My (25M) friend (24M) has been suspicious lately and i dont know what to do
He (m28) isn't who i (f20) fell in love with at the beginning
I [21F] had sex with my close friend [34M] as a one time thing, but now everything is weird
Me(24f) boyfriend (31m) doesn’t want to move in together.
Where does he go?
My (21F) ex (21M) and I broke up after almost 2 years and told me that after our first date, he drove to his Gf’s house, told her that he met someone else he knew he’d up with, and told me how he watched her cry ...
He (m28) is not the guy i (f20) first met
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) are expecting a baby in December but he doesn’t want us to move in together till summer next year .
My (21F) ex (21M) and I broke up after almost 2 years and told me that after our first date, he drove to his Gf’s house, told her that he met someone else he knew he’d up with, and told me how he watched her cry ...
Me [30 M] with my wife [30F], gets dark thoughts regularly and wants a divorce when she's on her period.
What's tiny uncurvy Asian girls [20s] stance on cute white guys [mid 20s] who are into natural bodybuilding?
There’s no way around it. As much as you like to think you’ve got your life all in control, to hear that your spouse is in love with someone else is just killer.
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) doesn’t want us to move in together
I (23f)) feel completely invisible to my partner (35m)
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) been dating for one year and we’re are expecting a baby in December but he doesn’t want us to move in together till summer next year .theres no real reason other than he wants to save up for us to get our own place but I don’t mind living with him and his Flatmate.
How much do you miss out on when you choose not to have children?
My boyfriend wants to be a cop.
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) are expecting a baby in December but he doesn’t want us to move in together till summer next year .theres no real reason other than he wants to save up for us to get our own place but I don’t mind living with him and his Flatmate
How to get over my (22F) boyfriend (23M) calling me names in an argument?
My (26F) boyfriend's (36M) depressive symptoms & severe oversleeping are adversely affecting our relationship. How do I support him without enabling destructive behavior?
My [24f] younger sister [21f] always likes to remind me she’s the “better looking” sister during an argument
Naming a dick
Recognized my ex wearing a mask
Recognized my ex despite a mask. First time seeing him in over a year
Help me get rid of my mindset of seeking out to girls as a potential girlfriend.
My long-distance girlfriend [F26] and I [M21] had to cancel our meeting trip due to Covid-19 and she didn't cope with it well. How can I help motivate her and help her cope?
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) Instagram dm’ed two girls while we were fighting, is this considered cheating?
My long-distance girlfriend [F26] and I [M21] had to cancel our meeting trip due to Covid-19 and she is not coping well with it. I feel like I'm in over my head.
tl;dr I can’t look at my boyfriend in the eyes; self conscious
My Boyfriend’s Mom is Controlling and Manipulative
How important is having children? Will you miss out on a lot if you don't have any?
[M34] Dating ex girlfriend’s niece [F23] Her mom now wants her to end it but we already are in love
I feel like I (30f) don’t see my boyfriend (40m) often enough. How often should you see your partner?
I (18m) messed up big time and am seriously scared of losing my girlfriend (19f) of 11 months
How often should you see your partner?
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) Instagram dm’ed 2 girls while we were in a fight, is this considered cheating?
Help a brother out
Was he just trying to get in my pants
How much is too little?
[m34] dating ex girlfriends niece [F24] Are we wrong if we are legitimately in love? Her mom think we are horrible and it’s a huge shame to the family...
Embarrassing
My (22F) girlfriend (24F) says that DnD is a priority
I (21M) need advice on dealing with jealousy in new relationship (2 months) with (22F)
Can a relationship break you?
GENERAL If Someone Is Lying To You, They’ll Surely Use One Of These 5 Phrases
Advice on seperation anyone else went through this bad during pandemic
Can a relationship break you?
I’m in love with my ex-girlfriends niece. Are we as horrible as her mother says we are?
Should I be concerned? Boyfriend (25M) and me (24F)
my mom yells are me when i tell her what my siblings are doing from the same room, then yells at me more for telling her when she’s not paying attention.
Dealing w an ex
We broke up because of lockdown.
My [25] 2 roommates [24?] [25m] have been selecting ambient works
Is he cheating? I don’t want to throw away 10 years
What to do when your BF is hiding things?
Sometimes I (21F) get these random bouts of depression that make me act distant from my boyfriend (21m)
FWB is mad I posted a picture with another girl
Am I just looking for a problem ? 24f
My girlfriend [24 F] often feels like she is being used by me [29 M] when I initiate sex too often. How to handle this situation?
i don’t know how to trust my boyfriend, but i want to.
I (25F) feel I need to him (33M) the direction of where this is going. Advice?
Bf(23m) porn habits making me (23f) feel uncomfortable
I (22F) feel that my boyfriend (22M) wants someone better
Is it acceptable to hurt your partner in a way they continue to hurt you; In an effort to teach them your perspective, In hope they will discontinue such behaviour.
[24M/26F] I've been going out with this girl for 6 months. She's very distrustful of men and still doesn't wanna date, although she clearly likes me a lot. Should I persist or is it time to move on?
My (23f) bf(23m) porn habits make me uncomfortable
HOW TO FRIENDZONE
I’m still not sure how to feel when I run into the “other woman”, years later
My (23M) relationship (41F) is leaving me drained
Cross post
My gf is being dry again
My dad(50ish) and I (F29) really got into it tonight.
We broke up because of lockdown.
We broke up because of lockdown.
I (27F, married) am in love with another man (51y)
My father [58m] cussed out and fired my brothers friend [23m]
Slamming a door during an argument
A little help, please?
Slamming a door after an argument
I (male/16) asked my girlfriend (female/16) a question.
Advice
Need advice
Boyfriend talks to friends more then me
I (15M) am sick. Always feel like I'm left behind by my brother who's healthy.
I (37 M) am a straight man who is in love eith a younger guy with whom I had a situational sexual relationship in prison
I (male/16) asked my girlfriend (female/16) a question.
I (35 M) am a straight man who is in love with a younger guy with whom I had a situational sexual relationship in prison
She [23F] put a distance between us since I [25M] tell her I like her. We are friends before, but I'm not sure how to handle this, because the last time she texts me back is "I'm done"
I (37 M) a straight guy who is in love with this younger guy (28ish) whom I used to dominate when I was in prison
Reaching out
She [23F] said she feels uncomfortable with me [25M]. We know each other about a year ago, and since I confess to her, she put a distance towards me.
Is this a suspicious answer?
Is it wrong to ask whether the partner wants to be just fwb or not?
When will I (22f) stop missing him (23m)?
Guy stuff
Fell too fast now I’m lost
When do you stop missing someone?
My father [58m] cussed out and fired my brothers friend [23m]
I (19F) feel stuck in my home town, but my mom (54F) and boyfriend (22M) don't want me to leave.
Should I continue?
Not sure if I should continue?
How do I[32M] make up for what I said when I was drunk to my wife [32F]?
I’m a white guy (23) and my (24F) non-white friend told me today she hates all white people.
I[19,F] love my boyfriend[22, M] but i think i have a crush on someone else
I F(18) have a hard time dealing with my emotions when my boyfriend M(21) doesn’t text me for a period of time. And I can’t control it
My [24 F] boyfriend [22 M] constantly plays devil's advocate and I'm honestly not sure what to do anymore.
I F(18) have a hard time dealing when my boyfriend M(21) doesn’t text/call me for a period of time.
How do I tell my family about the death of a friend?
I have a hard time dealing when my boyfriend doesn’t text/call me for a period of time.
I (25F) am vocal about my political opinions on Facebook, my mom (52F) recently started a public argument with me and has since seemingly deleted me from her life. Unsure how to proceed.
Her (18F) and me (19m) have been together for a year and she thinks I am cheating on her because of images my friend sent me.
Problems dealing with certain emotions in my relationship
Fiancé caught cheating weeks after covid postponed wedding.
I(21M) feel like I have closed my heart towards feelings anything since my gf(21F) broke up with me and I feel disgusted with myself for that.
Need advice on how to deal with my (24F) husband's (29M) cheater friend
Been together for a year, she (18F) things I'm (19M) cheating on her when my friend sends me discord images.
My boyfriend (18) and I (F17) are considering doing long distance
(27) female noticed something odd about (30) male boyfriend .
I [28F] want to change industry, but my husband [42M] practically doesn’t work.
Just realized
When it’s good, it’s great but when it’s bad, it’s awful. (F21) (M22)
I'm [22 F] upset that my [22 F] friend had screenshots of a recent conversation on messenger, am I overreacting or should I talk to her about it?
My boyfriend (19) and I (F18) are considering long distance
I [28F] want to change industry, but my husband [42M] practically doesn’t work
I think that I [30 M] broke my [24 F] kind of ex-girlfriends heart and I don't know if I should reach out or how to proceed with it
boyfriend was my first kiss but he doesn’t know
boyfriend was my first kiss but he doesn’t know
do ex’s date again after months or years being broken up?
boyfriend was my first kiss but he doesn’t know
I [32M] want a good relationship with a [21+ F] How can do that?
I [30s] think my neighbors [30s] are shitty people, but our kids love each other and they're active in the neighborhood and the community
Can’t quit him!
I withheld info
What's to stop anyone from cheating on anyone?
Strange communication with coworker/crush
My parents expectations are too high.
I withheld info
Strange communication with coworker/crush
I love him but I hate him!
Just a questions
F(25) How to become an adult model?
Was I wrong
My (23f) SO (34m) cousin told me I have saggy boobs to my face in front of my SO. My SO did nothing.
I withheld info
[Update!] I (23m) sent out a heartfelt message (23) and got a lackluster response
How do I (20M) confront my racist father (45M) tonight, when he's drunk?
[Update!] I (23m) sent out a heartfelt message (23) and got a lackluster response
F(20-45) How to become adult model?
How do I (20M) confront my racist father (40M)? I'm about to explode
How do I confront my racist father? I'm about to explode
F(20-45)Wants be an adult model?
I WANT TO MOVE TO CANADA OR NORTH AMERICA
F(20-45) Submit yourself for magazine issue
How do I (20M) confront my racist father (45)?
(21M) Never kissed, had a relationship, or had sex since I'm afraid of intimacy/romance. Should I give it a brief try before deciding to postpone it indefinitely? Or would a short term relationship be damaging to me and the other person?
F(20-45) Submit yourself for magazine issue
How do I confront my racist father? I'm about to explode
Submit yourself for magazine issue!
Submit yourself for the next issue
My boyfriend and I are fighting...
URGENT MATTERS
I want to move to the USA or Canada.
The thought of asking a girl out overwhelms me [23M] and I'm not sure how to deal with it
My boyfriend (21M) and I (20F) pretty much always split costs 50/50, my mom (56F) doesn’t seem to think that’s normal
How do I [25m] approach my mother [50F] about her excessive purchasing and use of wellness supplements, USA
Quick in 20 minutes it's our 3 years. I need an ig caption
Quick its our 3 year in 30 minutes. I need an IG caption
People who had gone to live with her SO to another country
After 7 months, are we still in the honeymoon phase?
We don’t have sex
Hey ppl
After 7 months, are we still in the honeymoon phase?
Quarantine breakup between me [32F] and my bf [35M]
We don’t have sex
Boyfriend fetishizing me being bi
Quarantine broke up me [32F] and my bf [35M]
he’ll call his friend (who’s a girl) but not me, his girlfriend.
Help with Exboyfriend
Quarantine breakup
Can you help me (16W) find subject or fun facts to talk with my dad(46M) on a 5h road trip?
I (26F) made a bad situation for myself and all involved. Husband (26M) my bf (32M) and his gf (28F).
My [20M] Girlfriend [20F] played a video game on a voice channel with an ex and lied
is this relationship worth fighting for?
Help with Ex Boyfriend
Can you help me (16W) find subject or fun fact to talk with my dad(46M) on a 5h road trip?
My (39f) husband (41m) made a joke about a dv incident and I don't think it's funny
Has the Corona Virus helped with any of your relationships?
Need help balancing FOMO with activities I have no interest in
Question for the ladies
Has lockdown helped with any of your relationships?
subject or fun facts to talk with my dad on a 5h road trip? (16W)
UPDATE 2: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to move out of his parents house or find a job
Need help spending time with friends with things I want to do
My (M20) gf’s (F21) avoidance towards certain objects/places/people because of trauma is causing issues
Have any of you (women) who are in a long term relationship started to feel insecure when your SO no longer compliments you like they used to.
My girlfriend's father [54M] is verbally and emotionally abusive towards her [18F], and I [24M] want to help, but she is financially dependent on him
How can I get my husband to trust me?
UPDATE 2: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to leave his parent's house or get a job
Is it time for me (21F) to end things with my boyfriend (24M)?
How much money/value is too much to accept from my (22F) bf's (24m) parents as a birthday gift for me?
Should I (19M) tell my sister (21F) and my girlfriend (19F) about a weird experience with my sister's boyfriend (23M)?
My (25f) mother (60f) talks too much
How do I leave my (23F) boyfriend (22M)
Boyfriend makes me feel shitty a lot
Am I being crazy for wanting my boyfriend to play video games less often
Boyfriend making me feel like shit
Am I being crazy in thinking that my boyfriend should play less video games
My (20s F) boyfriend (20s M) tried to have s*xual contact with my while HE was asleep. Not sure what to do next.
Just a little too much pride between a 24 year old male and 19 year old female.
help
How can I let my GF know that her insults hurt my feelings ? (HELP)
Had a very embarrassing experience with a casual but intimidating hook up and now I don’t know what to do.
Have you ever been with someone you actually trust? How was it?
My (31f) husband (27m) won't bond with new puppy
How to love
i (19f) feel insecure and insufficient in my relationship (8 months)
How can I get my husband to trust me?
I [24m] spent the night on a date at this [24f] girls' house. Halfway through she asked if I wanted to sleepover. Took it as she wanted to fuck so I got super touchy-feely, cuddled her all night and made out but she didn't want sex. Now shes being short with me when I asked about a follow-up date.
I looked at my wife's porn history and it destroyed me. :( (33M) (31f)
Can drop your pride be the safe word
I (21F) feel weird about my SO (27M) sketchy road trip.
I looked through my wife's browser history once and can't get over it.
"I do what I want. Who I want"
My boyfriend and his friends are becoming my only friends.
I Looked Through My Wife's Browsing History and Didn't Like What I Saw... (33m) (31f)
Husband won't bond with puppy
I don’t understand if a guy (21M) is into me and I feel like i’m about to miss the perfect guy just because I lack confidence.
Why do I keep trying things that he likes?
SO traveling to sketchy places and I feel weird.
My [31 F] Husband [31 M] is extremely overweight, and gets angry when I try to intervene.
My (20sF) boyfriend (20sM) tried to have sexual contact with me while HE was asleep.
How do I [21F] accept my boyfriend [24M] has different political opinions?
I'm (30/f) struggling to have opinions about certain things my friends (31/m and 35/f) really have strong opinions about.
I (19m) am getting kicked out for beating my (14M) cousin.
I feel disrespected by my niece and mom. Any relationship advice?
She wants to be best friends after cheating twice
[20sM] I'm stuck wanting to fix things with ex [20sF] of 6 months
My (20) boyfriend (19) has a video of his friend looking into the camera and slowly sucking a banana. Help please.
She wants to be best friends after cheating twice
Give up on Relationship as we are living Far from each other?
I don't feel respected by my niece and mom. Any advice?
I'm (26F) considering ending my longest ever relationship (27M) of 14 months. Friends and family tell me I'm too picky, give up too easily, or what I really want is a woman. (X-post)
My [22 M] girlfriend [20 F] said she didn’t want my anniversary gift to her, then tried to backpedal. Are my feelings valid?
My [22 M] girlfriend [20 F] said she didn’t want my anniversary gift to her, then tried to backpedal
My (20) boyfriend (19) has a video of his friend looking into the camera and sucking a banana. Why does he keep it?
Couple questions
A PERFECT GIFT FOR YOUR GF/BF
How do I (27F) stop being insecure and frustrated about the fact that my husband's (29M) twin sister knows him much better than I do and probably always will
I don't know if I (26M) should end a polyamorous relationship with one person (28NB) to be with someone else (26M)
Couple questions?
Dandelion wish
My [22M] parents [50s] won't let me stay over other people's houses and don't want me to move out.
My girlfriend's male friend constantly flirts with her and asks for her nudes all the time, but she won't cut him off
Give up on Relationship as we are living Far from each other
Is my ex justified in feeling hurt because I swiped right (on Tinder) on someone she knows?
I [19M] have an irrational (?) fear that my girlfriend [19F] might still be in love with her ex boyfriend/my longtime good friend [19M] while not being very open with me
Break up haunts me and kinda can't move on
I (24m) feel like I’m not compatible with my (24f) fiancé anymore. *UPDATE*
My (21F) boyfriend (43) clearly dislikes me, and it's ripping me apart.
My(26) friend (27) had a very public mental breakdown and she went away for a while but she's back and revealed new things. How do I help?
My girlfriend's male friend flirts with her a lot, and asks to see pictures of her boobs, but she won't cut him off
[24M] My girlfriend [24F] of 4 and a half years broke up with me and I’m self destructing
My recent ex [F22] said she needed some time before thinking about getting back together and she wants me [M21] to become her friend again before getting back together.
I don’t know what to do anymore.
I don’t know what to do.
I (24m) feel like I am no longer compatible with my (24f) fiancé. I also changed my mind about kids. *UPDATE*
How (M22) to have a great reuniting with my gf (22) after quarantine?
My (26) friend (27) had a very public mental breakdown and she just revealed some things to me, how do I help?
Me(25m) and she (25f)
How (M22) to have an amazing reuniting with my gf (22) after quarantine?
My boyfriend wants me to up my standards for him?
Me(18f) and my bf(18m) are having problems.
My (F/21) BF (M/22) seems ungrateful and lazy.
I (21 F) can feel my boyfriend (43) getting more resentful by the day
How (m22) to make sparks fly with my gf (22) when seeing her after quarantine?
Me and my bf are having problems. Help!
SCANNED WATERCOLOR PORTRAITS FOR $15 PER HEAD
Break haunts me
(M)y brother (28) is going through an emotional turmoil and I (f 19) feel helpless.
(M)y brother (28) is going through the most intense emotional turmoil I ( f 19 )have witnessed, and I don't know how to help him.
How do I (21M) learn to become a better man for my girl (20F)
My recent ex [F22] said she needed some time before thinking about getting back together and she wants me [M21] to become her friend again before getting back together.
I [21M] don't know how to let down my friend [28M] without losing him as a friend.
SCANNED WATERCOLOR PORTRAITS FOR $10 per Head
I[22F] brought up a past resolved issue to my [23M] boyfriend and I don’t know what to say to resolve
A former friend just contacted me. How should I go about this?
It haunts me and i can't move on
How do I (27F) address or deal with my BF's (28M) silent treatment and insecurities?
Me [20, M] being bored with relationship with my [19, F] girlfriend of 2.5 years during pandemics.
A former friend just contacted me. How should I go about this?
I [25/F] don't know if he [23/M] is still interested in me
My parents don't trust me to have a computer or phone in my room and it makes me upset. (18F)
feeling lonely
How do I (27F) address or deal with my BF's (27M) silent treatment and insecurities?
I (20F) Don't Know How To React To Husband (20M) Refusing To Go On Family Holiday
My (24M) girlfriend (26F) of 7 months has been dishonest about her history
Did I [23M] overact to my ex [26F] hooking up with her old FWB 3 weeks after our breakup?
Is it weird for me (2x f) to date a friend’s ex (2x m)?
My boyfriend (20M) of 3 years is having serious doubts about me (19F) and it’s making me an insecure nutcase?
He's not what I want anymore
Update on my situation. I have decided to go through with a divorce after 2 months.
Was my housemate manipulative during our argument? (23, F) and (65,M)
Was my housemate manipulative during our argument?
[M20] My inability to discuss bad childhood experiences indirectly lead to a breakup [F21]. Is this something I should discuss?
How can I (m35) fix/apologize breaking my gf (f31) trust
My [F24] boyfriend [M26] is barely texting me or contacting me at all! Advice?
Depressed over a girl I wasn't supposed to fall for
My boyfriend (29M) is very religious, and I (26F) am not?
How do I get over this girl?
Question: Why does older hookup (47M) want to buy me (25F) stuff?
How soon is too soon?
Just a question
I (16M) have been feeling in love with a girl (16F) since January, I already asked her out once and got rejected but she recently liked me again before we stopped talking for a month or two. She has a bf now
I (m35) married to (f35) not interested in sex
My(28M) friend(27F) is acting weird after I broke with my (ex)girlfriend (27F), a seven years relationship.
How can I (m35) fix/apologize breaking my gf (f31) trust
Do men ever really want children?
What are the common stages of “getting to know each other”?
How do I stop being a toxic person?
My (22f) bf (23m) is better at making friends with me and I’m jealous
Haven’t seen SO for 2 months. When she said she can’t see me next week, I felt sad?
Older FWB wants to buy me something --- why? Is it an age thing? Not a SB
Haven’t seen SO for 2 months. When she said she can’t see me next week, I felt sad?
Should I encourage my friend to go to therapy?
Married but I hate sex, maybe I am not into women.
Explain to me what can be done, I‘ve tried to differ but haven’t really tried seriously.
23 and never been frisked, and might be at risk!
Half of my (32M) band (57, 51, and 47) is wanting to play live shows despite COVID health risks
I (18m) think I’m in love with my best friend (18f). What should I do?
23 and never been frisked, but I might be at risk!
I (18m) think I’m in love with my best friend (18f). What should I do?
Some members of my (32M) band (57M, 51M, and 47M) are wanting to play live shows despite my health concerns
Wife (34F) is hyperfixated and spends 95% of every day on her new hobby, and talks about little else. Trying to be supportive, but it's sapping my (33M) own creativity and energy.
chores
Relationships and pandemic
25M - Was, but not her (27F) only/first choice any more.
Relationships during pandemic
Pandemic and doubt
25M - Was, but not her (27F) only/first choice anymore.
Chores vs pay rent
My girlfriend(F,24) wants me(M,22) to text her all day everyday
I (40f) don’t like to be heard during sex with my bf (30m). Am I wrong?
I (23F) am having a hard time with my sexuality and my boyfriend (24M) wants to break up
Liking/Commenting on Photos
I won’t give up my guardianship over my brother and he doesn’t like that
I won’t give up my guardianship over my brother and he doesn’t like that
Heart Broken guy (31) needing a distraction
My girlfriend (F23) wants me(M22) to text her all day everyday
Friend or foe?
Liking/Commenting Photos
If a guy (28m) is inconsistent with me (22f) if he like that with every other girl in his life?
If a guy is inconsistent with me if he like that with every other girl in his life?
I (22F) am struggling with my sexuality but don't know how to feel while dating my GF (22F)
If a guy is inconsistent with me Is he probably like that with every other girl in his life?
Is a guy is inconsistent with me is he probably like that with every other girl in his life?
Is a guy is inconsistent with me is he probably like that with every other girl in his life as well?
I love my best friend
My (25f) is happy my boyfriends best friend is going to jail both (26m)
How do I (33F) keep from being forced into a high-pressure, stressful role at work?
My (25f) is happy my bfs best friend is going to jail (26m) both
Online "Dating"
I'm happy my (25f) bfs best friend is going to jail both (26m)
I (18 M) met my High School friend (17 F) today
My boyfriend won’t initiate sex with me anymore and it’s making me feel shitty
I (18 M) met my High School friend (17 F) today
My boyfriend wants me to raise my standards?
Single!!!!!
My boyfriend feels like he doesn’t have to try?
My [19NB] disabled boyfriend [24M] wants to organise a protest, and I'm honestly very scared.
I (27F) am having a difficult time dealing with my dad’s (60M) GF (45F)
Is there any hope of me (28/f) getting back with him (29/m) after I hooked up with an old flame?
I know I’m being a asshole trying to sabatoge a relationship but I’m still going to be a asshole
My(26M) Gf(25F) is angry at me for turning down sex.
My(26M) girlfriend (25F) is mad at me for turning down sex
Did I do a wrong thing towards my bf and friend or was I justified given the info I had?
My [32M] girlfriend's[26F] weight issues are causing some problems in our relationships.
I am much older than my young lover (18m). I think he is getting attached and has feelings for me, but I don’t want to end things
I, F (17), don't know if M (17) thinks I'm an afterthought
Not sure if I (31F) love him (33F) or if our 13 year relationship has run it's course.
Not sure if I (31F) love him (33F) or if our relationship has run it's course.
Boyfriend (23) of 5 years treats me(22) like a side piece to his family
I’m bothered by the past of a girl I’m talking to. Need some perspective and some personal experiences.
Friend has a close relationship with a priest
BF (30sM) told me (20sF) intent absolves a person from racist comments and to let go of how I feel.
When to move in together?
Secret in a relationship : Positive or negative?
I’ve realized that I (24F) have been friends with this guy (27M) for all the wrong reasons. Need help on how to end things
When to move in?
Are my parents (47F/44M) right for restricting me (17F)?
Don't Know if I (F18) Should Trust BF (M19)'s Explanation
My girlfriend cheated on me. I think I'm in need of a reality check. Please put it gently.
I am much older than my young lover (18m). I think he is getting attached and has feelings for me, but I don’t want to end things
My girlfriend cheated on me. I'm in need of a reality check. Please put it gently.
My future father-in-law[M64] wants me[M28] to take on my fiancée's[F29] surname.
My girlfriend cheated on me. I'm in need of a reality check. Please put it gently.
My(20F) and sister (22F) havent talked since september. And my little sister(10F) is so upset. And my mom bullies/gaslights me when she has the chance.
I (18f) like my sister's (25f) boyfriend (30m), and it's making me uncomfortable, how can I make it go away?
How do you tell your SO that you miss the little things they used to do for you without sounding like a nag or like you're attacking them?
My [28M] wife [27F] and her subconscious white privilege are frustrating me a lot these days
Protest
Torn between 2 people
My girlfriend had 10 exes and I don’t know how to feel. Is this an important factor. Need some perspective.
Indian boyfriend (M,24) video chats and makes flirty tiktok with women he claims to be just his "sister cousins," I'm worried. (F,22)
My [26F] boyfriend’s [27M] twin brother hates me and is ruining my relationship. I don’t know what to do!
How can I (25F) help my boyfriend (26M) lose weight?
Protest
My ex (33M) wants to get back together with me (21F) after getting someone pregnant and i’m not sure how to feel
How do you tell your SO you miss the little things they used to do for you without sounding too naggy?
I (F26) just started seeing her (F26) but I’m already seeing red flags. Am I right?
Communication
Protest
My (23m) girlfriend (20f) is TOO perfect
My ex (30M) wants to get back together with me (21F) after getting someone pregnant and i’m not sure how to feel.
Being apart has made me (24F) realize I no longer want to be friends with this guy (27M)
Protest
Torn between 2 people
Being apart has made me (24F) realize I no longer want to be friends with this guy (27M)
Should I be worried about my dating life?
Indian boyfriend (M,24) chats with a lot of girls but they're his "sister cousins" - I'm still worried (F,22)
I (F 26) just started dating her (F 26) and I already feel like there’s red flags. Am I right?
My boyfriend (23M) and I (21M) argue about nothing nearly every day.
Close relationships with a priest
My boyfriend (23M) and I (21M) argue about nothing every single day. how do we stop bickering about things that don't matter?
Person I’m talking to had 10 exes. Need some perspective and personal experiences on how to handle this.
He (36) Tells Me (26/F) I'm Constantly Negative, But I Don't Feel Like I Am...
Is my bf getting too comfortable/How can I be better?
My [27F] Boyfriend [30] is angry with me because his parents kicked us out
I [22F] accidentally scratched my sister’s [8F] face.
My (27F) Boyfriend (30M) is angry at me because his parents kicked us out
I'm (21F) re-evaluating sexual past with friend (27M) and considering cutting him off
My boyfriend (26m) is misogynistic and cruel to me (18f) in front of his friends.
My girlfriend has been cheating the whole time...or maybe I was too blind to realize I was in a fake relationship
I [22F] accidentally scratched my sister’s [8F] face.
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) is being distant and quiet
I (M, 69) went to see my girlfriend (F, 420) last night but my wife (F, 80085) stalked me
Survivors of toxic or traumatic parenting?!
I think I’m done with this
My[M19] Girlfriend[F18]'s parents have arranged a blind date for her
My[M19] Girlfriend[F18]'s parents have arranged a blind date for her
Boyfriend Saving other girls pictures
Friend flaked on me a week ago and hasn't text me back
How to let go?
How did you do it?
How do I (20M) let go of my ex partner (20F)
I'm (21F) re-evaluating sexual past with friend (27M) and considering cutting him off
My (22M) parents (50s) refuse to let me stay over people's houses and also refuse to allow me to move out.
Mom [45F] things the way my sister and I [16 M F] high five/butt slap/chest bump each other is inappropriate for our age. Is it?
How should I react to my friends downplaying the assault on me?
I (20M) Get upsets when my GF (20F) Looks at other guys
How do I [21F] talk about trauma with a significant other? [23M]
How To Deal With Difficult People, - Life Hacks and Tips - Adviser.Wiki
What does it really mean when a guy is unsure about you?
My [22m] girlfriend [22f] of over 4 years has given me every reason to leave but I just can’t.
I'm (21F) re-evaluating sexual past with friend (27M) & considering cutting him off
How did you do it ?
Should I Re-date my ex?
I don’t like to be heard during sex. Am I wrong?
My [22m] girlfriend [22f] of over 4 years has given me every reason to leave but I just can’t.
Unsure how to handle a breakup of a long-term relationship & moving out details
I (18m) don’t know how to re-engage a conversation
Thinking about ending a 4 year long relationship because I can't put up with my GF's insecurities
Boyfriend just expects me to cum
How do I cope with my brother being schizophrenic?
i don’t think i love my mom anymore
Thinking about ending a 4 year long relationship because I can't put up with my GF's insecurities
I (18m) don’t know how to re-engage a conversation
Can a relationship survive trust issues?
How can you downplay a love confession
Is it possible she lost all of her love for me in the span of a week?
My friend keeps getting angry that I can’t hang out and idk what to say anymore
I (34F) told a coworker (30?F) I needed stronger boundaries with her at work & she stopped speaking to me entirely. Now I’m not sure how to handle it.
I’m 34F and still unsure if I want kids. My bf doesn’t want them, and it’s making me feel like I have to decide whether or not this is a dealbreaker.
(27F) Anyone considered giving up on love for good?
Me [19 M] with my girlfriend [19 F] for 2 years, have periods where we are so good but the next day we argue and reach a low, and I don't know if I can continue this relationship if its like this.
My bf (31M) is an Arab Muslim, how do I (24F) break the news to my family?
Seriously thinking about giving up on love for good.
Am I (F20) in a toxic relationship with this guy (M36)?
Why is my Friend(Girl) not texting me at all?
Is it really possible that she (32F) lost all her love for me (32M) in the span of a week?
I'm lost and confused
Am I (F20) in a toxic relationship with this guy (M36)?
I'm [22F] almost done cutting off a good close friend [24M] who probably would've cheated on his girlfriend with me. Right thing to do?
I [27M] became upset when I found out my girlfriend [27F] created a social media account without telling me in order to talk to a celebrity she has a crush on.
How should I (F20) reply when I guy (36) texts me “I’m thinking about you rn” when I know he’s with me just for sex?
Why do I get so nervous when messaging someone I just started talking to and he doesn’t message back right away or leaves me on read for a while?
I(24F) have some toxic traits but want to be better
How do I [20m] not think about my girlfriend [21f] getting with someone I don’t like?
How would you reply if a guy texted you “I miss you” when you know he’s with you just for sex?
(27f)(28m) Boyfriend buys expensive gifts for me and I can’t help but feel guilty.
I (35f) am intimidated by my partner (40m)
It haunts me, how do i move on?
Why do I always get so nervous that something is going wrong so easily when l first start out talking to someone and they don’t message back right away?
My (22m) father died and I don't know how to feel/ what to do
Mental father
My white friend [29F] is divorced from a black man and has mixed children. She is always making remarks with racial undertones to me [27F] is this friendship worth saving?
How do I [20m] not think about my girlfriend [21f] with a guy I don’t like?
I (30F) don’t know if I should cut my (abusive?) father (55M) completely out of my life
I need advice please
Trying to keep relationships
Gf wants to celebrate 3 year anniversary day of although it may jeopardize my job.
I (20F) have been keepign my relationship with my bf (M27) from ym family for 2 years.
How would allowing my wife to have an open relationship on her end impact her sexuality/libido and our bond as a couple?
I [22M] am upset my boyfriend [26M] is still talking to his ex [24M] who is also a guy I dated before my boyfriend.
I (20F) have kept my relationship with my bf (27M) from my family for 2 years.
Lots of messes I'm trying to clean
I (20F) have kept my relationship with my bf (27M) from my family for 2 years.
How do I not think about my girlfriend with a guy I don’t like
I (27M) caught my partner (23F) in a lie. What next?
I (30F) don’t know if I should cut my (abusive?) father (55M) completely out of my life
I (27M) caught my partner (23F) in a lie. What next?
Is He Worth It?
What do I do with what seems like a controlling GF?
Confused and not sure
My [27M] wife [26F] and her white privilege is pushing me off. How do I approach this with her?
I (27f) received a heinous letter in the mail from my dad (60m), who I recently decided to take space from. How do I proceed?
My (25f) boyfriend (28m) refuses to show affection to me when his friends are present.
My [25F] BF [25M] won't message/talk to me unless I message him first. Is it reasonable to be upset about this?
Confused and Unsure
I’m just really sad
My [21F] boyfriend [19M] sleeps too much, should I press the issue or drop it?
I’m addicted to men who use me
I’m addicted to men who use me
Am I [24M] insane? My ex-partner [31M] made me feel incredibly hurt, and then blamed me for it.
All girlfriend talks about is marriage and kids. I’m 24 year old male, she’s 25 year old female
I'm [24m] not sure how to handle an unstable/mean coworker [43f] who has been bullying me and others for half a year
My (32M) best friend (31M) told me to break-up with my fiancé (30F) so that I can "go on this new dating app" he likes.
My [21F] abusive ex boyfriend [23M] will not give back things he stole from me *Trigger warning - sexual assault*
My gf (19f) broke up with me (23m) almost a month ago
I(24f) was not in the mood for sex after I catch my boyfriend(26) watching porn
making the long distance thing work
So I sold something that belongs to my bf
making the long distance thing work
Anybody look stupid like me when falling in love?
All my girlfriend talks about is marriage and having kids. Girlfriend (25) of 2 years me (24) male.
Broke up 8 Days Ago... I am not sure what I should feel as of now.
The long story of my (24f) toxic relationship with a dentist (26m) who wasn't really a dentist
I [16 m] am in love with one of my best friends [16 f] but she’s taken
Should I stay or should I go?
Boyfriend left me for someone else and then came back
I [16 m] am in love with my one of my best friends [16 f] but she’s taken
Boyfriend of 3 years left me for someone else, came back home, and now I’m worried we won’t work out.
Fanfic lovers, I [21m] need your help understanding complicated business I have no right knowing about my friends' [21m/21f] relationship
Me(f19) & my (m20)bf made a deal but it feels like I’m the only one doing my part.
I (M16) changed my gfs (F15) life then, now, after 1 month of relationship, she does the same to me
Broke up 8 Days Ago... I am not sure what I should feel as of now.
I don’t know wtf to do
Not A Fan
I feel lile my GF (21) is making no effort to see me (24).
My girlfriend (F 21) has anxiety and I ( M 20) don't know how to help
Am I overreacting that he didn’t reassure me instead he confirmed which felt like well tough luck
I feel like my GF (21) makes no effort to see me (24) or spend time with me.
My girlfriend (F21) has anxiety and I (M20) need to be more considerate and helpful
I [23F] haven't heard from my friend/crush [21M] in about a month
My [F22] bf [M22] is being incredibly stubborn about what our upcoming holiday will look like
My girlfriend (F21) has anxiety and I ( M20) haven't been the best at supporting her how can I be more considerate and supportive?
Him (M, 32) and I (F, 31) got in an argument and he didn’t want to talk to me last night. Am I over reacting?
How can I be my best wingman?
I'm getting anxiety because I'm [22M] going to be the last sibling living with my parents [51F, 55M].
Am I in the wrong/ over reacting?
My girlfriend (F21) has anxiety and I (M20)haven't been the best at helping her mental health, how can I be more helpful and considerate?
my sisters passive aggressiveness is getting on my nerves
my sisters passive aggressiveness is getting on my nerves
Am I the asshole for freaking out over my FIL's joke?
Is this unreasonable behavior by my (now ex) GF? M (25) + F (25) previous 1 year relationship
My mom refuses to let me sleep regularly.
How do I deal/support my bf through his depression?
Is this unreasonable behavior by my (now ex) GF? M (25) + F (25) previous 1 year relationship
I [24F] am trying to help a friend [27F] financially by giving her stuff for a side business, but she's been a bit picky and ungrateful. Should I stop helping her?
My bf [27] decided against a cat, despite discussed beforehand. How do I [f25] cope?
Insecure about previous guys who were interested in girlfriend.
I (30F) told my ex's new gf (35F) that he (35M) was still in contact with me and flirting with me and she blocked me
Well, that ended that argument...
Need companion
I (28F) Am Speaking to my Addict Mother After Over a Year of Distance
I want to end my relationship of 4 years but I don't really have a reason to...
I (30F) told my ex's new gf (35F) that he (35M) was still in contact with me and flirting with me...
Am I a bad guy here
I (21F) truly can’t tell if I stopped loving my bf (21M) or if I’m just exhausted with his neediness/fucking feelings
I (28F) Am Attempting a Relationship With My Addict Mother
My girlfriend [24/F] and I [24/M] are in a big fight over current events in the news.
[M20] My inability to discuss bad childhood experiences indirectly lead to a breakup [F21]. Is this something I should discuss?
My fiance (28m) and I (23f) split today
(Update) My [27 F] girlfriend [28 F] almost broke up with me last night after a year and a half of dating, because she thinks I'm mean. I think she just hasn't given me a chance to be medicated appropriately.
My fiance (28m) and I (23f) split today
Update: my fiance (28m) and I (23f) have split
My (18F) mom (40F) is starting to get close with my stepdad (40M) months after me telling her about him abusing me for years.
I don’t know how to deal with/support my depressed bf
Help. I (only child son, 34M) don't know how to leave my single asian mother (64), as I want to move to another country without her, and I'm afraid she might try to hurt me when I tell her about my plans, so that I stay.
I (40f) am trauma-bonded to him (40m)....any "life hacks" for breaking one quick?
I'm feeling sexually frustrated in my relationship
Relationships
Trying to save my long term relationship
Childhood gave me bad qualities which lead to a breakup. Is this something I should share?
Are my parents (47F/44M) right for restricting me (17F)?
My flatmate (25, f) is doing nothing for the flat and for our joint uniproject. How do I confront her with as less drama as possible?
do I tell his mom he cheated?
do I tell his mom he cheated?
do I tell his mom he cheated?
How can I(25F) be supportive of friends and family when they say and do things I could never approve of?
My partner of 10 years broke up and accused me of lying
My (33F) husband's (34M) very sweaty feet make my clothes damp and it's bumming me out.
When people ask for relationship advice on reddit, I think that many people are way too quick at suggesting to end the relationship. When they make this option seems easy, I believe that those people have never been in a significant relationship.
My(20M) half siblings (18M,18F) on opposite sides (so no incest) are dating and it's weird as all hell for me
I dated a sex addict for two years. I am having trouble recovering from the experience.
My partner of 10 years broke up and accused me of lying
I [23F] found my boyfriend [23M] asleep clutching a porn video in his hands despite him saying he was going to give up his bad porn habit?
Should i (F23) break up with my bf (M24)
BF might be a racist
I [26F] can’t deal with my dad [60s] anymore
DO YOU USE A HAIR MASK BEFORE OR AFTER CONDITIONER?
I [26F] can’t deal with my dad [60s] anymore
(Update) My [27 F] girlfriend [28 F] almost broke up with me last night after a year and a half of dating, because she thinks I'm mean. I think she just hasn't given me a chance to be medicated appropriately.
How can I [23F] break free from this toxic behaviour with him [26M] so I can have a chance at a healthy relationship one day?
How do I (21f) stop having expectations for my friends?
How do I (21F) stop expecting my friends to react the way I want them to?
People say it is a toxic friendship. I (20F) personally do not see it. Am I being oblivious or are these obvious red flags?
My husband has completely checked out on me
My husband had completely checked out on me
Feelings of loss
I broke up with my (F, 21) ex boyfriend (M, 23) and he left me in an apartment we both signed a lease on.
Shall I [26M] ask her [27M] to hang out shortly after a first date?.
Has anyone reconciled with an ex who used you as a rebound?
Is it okay for me (19 F) to reach out to my ex (19 F)?
My [26F] boyfriend [25M] of two years can't give me the comfort I long
Ex keeps sending abusive messages. How do I make it stop (complicated)
Is it okay for me (19 F) to reach out to my ex (19 F)?
My bf (20) is probably becoming asocial
Am I (20F) being gaslighted by my friend (20F)?
Am I (20F) being gaslighted by my friend (20F)?
Cut my hair short, now husband seems uninterested in sex
I think I’m done with this
I'm worried about my marriage to husband with mental health issues
Husband seems uninterested in sex after my haircut
I think I’m done with this
Ex keeps sending abusive messages. How do I get him to stop?
I think I’m done with this
I’m (female) feeling confused about my work colleague’s words? He said I’m just his work colleague but his behaviour indicates otherwise?
Do I (21F) have a right to be upset that my FWB (22M) has a Tinder account?
I’m (female) feeling confused about my work colleague’s words? He said I’m just his work colleague but his behaviour indicates otherwise?
He (M,30) wants me (F,28) to change stuff about myself to make him comfortable
How do I deal with and support my bf through his depression
Day out with his parents . What to bring?
M/25 about Dating former abuse victim F/28
Husband ignores our family and my feelings, makes me feel invalid.
M/25 Advice about Dating former Abusive Victim F/28
I (22F) am worried that my boyfriend (29M) is keeping things from me
My boyfriend (M30) is mad that I (F22) protested in Minneapolis.
I (22F) am worried that my boyfriend (29M) is keeping things from me.
I (22F) am worried that my boyfriend (29M) are keeping things from me.
My boyfriend (M30) is mad at me (F22) for protesting in Minneapolis
Please help. I’m scared my boyfriend (30M) will do something to me if I don’t have sex with him. I am (25F)
I (27f) broke up with my boyfriend (30m) last night and he... disregarded it?
A stupid fight over dishes between me [37M] and my partner [37f]
I(24M) am depressed because I can’t get this woman. How to move on?
I (27f) broke up with my boyfriend (30m) last night and he... disregarded it?
Can I expect my friends to choose between me and their friend who assaulted me?
Will I [17F] ever be able to have a good relationship with my depressed, alcoholic dad? [51M]
I (17M) lost the trust of my best friend (17F) and now I fear that I may lose her forever
New job resulting in an LDR causing me anxiety
I lost the trust of my best friend and now I fear that I may lose her forever
My new job is going to result in an LDR and is causing me anxiety.
Can I expect my friends to choose between me and their friend who assaulted me?
How do I [F19] tell my dad [M54] that his lack of cleaning is destroying the apartment?
Should I tell my gf about my insecuries?
SOS! this story has it all.. LD true❤ turns REAL. mixed family. 1 3yo of my own, now watch 4 FT, 1 severely autistic. covid CABIN FEVER. was working mom, now SAHM raising FOUR strong personalities. AMAZING NEW PARTNER, PERFECT FOR ME. crazy exes (TRULY). Thought I was GOLD - totally lost. HELP!!
He tells me " I love u" & calls me "babe" .
How to resist post-breakup regret? (20f, 20m)
My [M/39] sister[F/43] has invited me for her nephew[M/9]'s birthday. But last year, it was not really nice. I don't know how to respond to her invitation ?
(24f) My boyfriend thinks buying me presents should just "fix" any argument without addressing the core issue.
Boyfriend (M,22) doesn't want a relationship but doesn't want to break up with me? (F,22)
Is it worth letting my father stay in contact with me after I finally move away?
Is it worth letting my father stay in contact with me after I finally move away?
Did you leave a good loving long-term relationship for someone else and later regret it?
My seatmate in college destroyed my friendship (including my other friend) with our circle friends and classmates. LONG POST AHEAD
Did you ever regret leaving for someone else and not working on your long-term relationship?
My boyfriend [M 25] doesn't want to come to my [F22] graduation and I'm really sad about it but don't know how to express it to him because I worry I'll make him upset
Idk what to think anymore
My dad would hit me when i was younger was this normal?
When you left your ex for someone else did it work out
I found my death certificate in my boyfriend's room
My [25F] mother [late50s] is OBSESSED with Lyconet and I don’t know what to say anymore.
I don't want spend time around my negative dad anymore, how do i tell him this while living with him?
Why do girls despise me so much?
I don't want spend time around my negative dad anymore, how do i tell him this?
Dumper ex struggling to move on but doesnt believe my changes would be permanent. Recently deleted me on socials as she was finding it hard to see me.
what is one thing that you hate about your relationship ?
New GF wearing necklace from ex
Feeling paralyzed after seeing ex's posts about new bf
Gf wear nexklace from ex
He [45M] doesn't show me [30F] affection anymore and he used to be passionate!
Feeling paralyzed after seeing ex's posts about new bf
Advice needed
New gf wearing necklace from ex
Resenting my friend who has issues, but also feeling equally guilty for hating her
I think im in love with my best friend
Taking my (25f) power back after being ghosted by (29m)
M(17) need advice on 2 year relationship with GF(16)
I (17M) Think i have a crush on my Bestfriend(18F)
How to get past being emotionally unavailable??
I look stupid when i fall in love
How Do I End It Nicely (21M, 22F)
How to get past being emotionally unavailable??
How Do I End This Nicely (21M, 22F)
Dating an idiot?
Resenting my friend who has issues, but also feel equally guilty for hating her
(M19) Expressing love and affection
Me and My Girlfriend (ex)
My [21f] boyfriend [21m] threw my phone when he saw a text come in from my friend [20m]. Is this reason enough to end the relationship?
i think my mum has fucked my relationship with food
My ex has been watching every single one my Instagram stories (~6 stories a week) with a fake account for the past 5 months. What should I make of this?
Me and My Girlfriend ( ATM EX)
Red flag?
Did I deserve to get bullied?(23F)
Red flags?
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) thinks it’s funny to hurt my feelings
I (23M) miss my best friend (22F)
My [26M] Girlfriend [26F] admitted last night that if her ex [27M] had a child with another women she would be really upset. This has really thrown me and I’m honestly contemplating ending the relationship, is this the right call?
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) thinks it’s funny to hurt my feelings
I (23M) miss my best friend (21F)
My (20F) girlfriend (21F) of 3 years shoved/scratched my face during an argument
Day out with his parents
I (F20) was the other woman and I don’t know if I should tell his (M27) SO.
My Toxic Friend
Boyfriend’s BFF wants to back off so there’s room for our relationship.
Former military M looking for a blonde blue eyes older woman long term in St Louis
I {22F} hurt my boyfriends {23M} feelings, need advice
I (22F) hurt my boyfriends (23M) feelings need help :(
How can I (25f) tactfully end my seemingly fine relationship with my best friend (26f)? I won't be able to avoid her all the time in our small town
I hurt my boyfriends feelings need help
Day out with his parents
I want to be attracted to my girlfriend as much as im attracted to her sister. How can I achieve that?
My childhood friend cheated on his gf last summer with multiple partners. He just told me they’re about to get married and she still has no idea.
My toxic friend
How can I (24M) establish better communication with my girlfriend (23F)?
My toxic friend
I saw messages between my girlfriend and her ex.
I (27M) can’t seem to get out of my own head on my failings.
Well Reddit I made my own bed. I slept with my new roommate (we are all new) and now I feel like shit because he is the type of person I hate (blowing, very negative) I don't know how to get past this
My (29F) partner of 9 years (32M) hasn’t spoken to his family since we met
My husband (38M) seems very jealous of everyone I (34F) talk to - but only when drinking
My fiance (30/m) and I (26/f) can't seem to agree on most of our search criteria for a house.
My (29F) BF (32M) stopped speaking to his family when we got together, it’s been 9 years
Exactly how large of a red flag is near-nonexistent dating experience? [22 M]
I (18 F) just fought with my mom (50 F) over police brutality
Female to male trans
Am I a bad guy here
People who are in long relationship with people who are different from you, how did you find a common ground comfort for both of you?
We fought over cats, but I think it's more
How many girls is too many
Am I too old to ask my boyfriend to lend me a worn shirt to sleep with? (26f, 26m, dating 2 months)
I (18 F) just fought with my mom (50 F) over police brutality
My mom and I just fought about police brutality
I [M25] am falling for my co-worker but I have a girlfriend [F23]. Am I wrong for feeling this way?
When is it time to break up with someone you love?
I’m(F23) uncomfortable with my bfs (24m) ex(21f)
Why doesn't anyone ever love me back or want to be with me? I'm in my mid-twenties and have never had a "real" relationship.
When is it time to break up with someone you love?
My (36f) boyfriend's (30m) response to asking if I am the one is confusing - can you help me interpret this?
How can I [18M] get therapy and help for my autism and social awkwardness so nothing like this happens ever again?
I (22f) always go through cycles of feeling secure in my relationship (24m) and then feeling like I want to breakup.
I (22f) always go through cycles of feeling secure in my relationship (24m) and then feeling like I want to breakup.
My (30M) boyfriend broke up with me (25F) tonight.
Is my Ex-GF extremely Unstable (25F) ? Me (25M) Help me to fing redflags
Dealing with an ex
My (22f) brother (27m) expects me to be more intuitive, but I want him to be more direct with me
I think my mom has started to resent me and my siblings (20+years old)
I think I'm in love with my best friend
An indirect subordinate [20s F] at work makes insulting remarks about me [29 M] personally
Did I [23/F] made the right choice by cutting a friend [25/M] off?
I think I'm in love with my best friend
My (26f) toxic friend (25f) won’t leave me alone?
23 and never been frisked!
I [17f] definitely just made a mountain out of a molehill regarding my boyfriend [17m] and one of his friends- how do I come back from this?
My best friend(18M) and I(18F) aren’t speaking to each other. Am I wrong for feeling this way? (Really long! Sorry!)
I definitely just made a mountain out of a molehill- how do I come back from this?
An indirect subordinate at work makes insulting remarks about me personally
Should I (24f) think about leaving my fiancé (27 m)
idk (20m) what to do in this situation with my gf (20f)
Friend keeps calling me stupid
Communication Issues
I (32F) am not attracted to my husband (34M), it's hurting him a lot and it makes me feel tremendously guilty
My bf[19] isn't taking this pandemic as seriously as I am [f, 20]
My best friend and I aren’t speaking to each other. Am I wrong for feeling this way? (REALLY LONG! SORRY!)
How do I [23F] forgive my parents [60F and 70F] for my somewhat abusive childhood and move forward?
My bf[19] isn't taking the pandemic as seriously as I am[f, 20]
Communication Issues
Am I being too insecure?
Am I being too insecure?
What is dating like?
like or love in a relationship after 6 months
My bf won’t break up with me
I(16M)get an attitude and or get incredibly angry at my mom(42F)whenever she buys something or gifts me something or does anything nice.
I (20F) can't help but feel jealous about my boyfriend's friends and their relationship with him.
I (21f) am being accused by a male friend (23m) of leading him on for months and a friend of mine seems to agree with him and backs him up
Supervisor Confide to me
I can’t tell if I still talk to my ex because I feel bad for him or that I really do love him
Problematic Living Situation p.2
Problematic Living Situation p.2
Escalated fight for no reason between boyfriend (M28) and myself (F27)
Stalker or secret admirer of mine? Me (24F)
36f marriage to 38m is a disaster
My girlfriend [26F] wears so much jewelry and I [25M] feel kind of embarrassed in public with her
I feel very guilty
Is this weird
I (26F) ghosted my FWB (36M) after he gaslighted me about having a baby. Should I reach out to officially end things?
Free trial for three days! Come check it out 😘
I [23F] am incredibly attracted to one of my coworkers [22M] despite my amazingly loving relationship with my boyfriend [22M] and it's hurting me a lot
Question
Anxiety for meeting girlfriend's parents
Meeting my gfs parents for the first time
I am meeting my gfs parents for the first time
Boyfriends parents vs Girlfriend?
My husband (43M) is depressed / angry that I (30F) am the breadwinner.
36f marriage to 38m is a disaster
The jealous effect
I am meeting my gfs parents tommorow
Being friends with my ex bf’s mom
Me [M18] need advice on a girl [F18], please take the time to read the whole post, much appreciated!
My girlfriend (22F) almost never wants to do things I (23M) want to do.
Girlfriend [22F] almost never wants to do things I [23M] want to do.
What do I do now?
Cutting off my racist, manipulative, aggressive, toxic Asian parents in 2 days and am excited about it
My coworker (23M) suddenly started giving me (22F) the cold shoulder
Cutting off my racist, manipulative, aggressive, and toxic Asian parents in 2 days and I couldn't be more happy.
Is this weird
Drunk thinking about uni love
Do u find this weird
My (19f) boyfriend (20m) made a weird comment and I don't know if I'm overreacting
Help with this girl, advice needed
My (19f) boyfriend (20m) made a weird comment but I don't know if I'm overreacting
I (25f) found out my bf (33m) stalked me to get together
Boyfriend [32M] broke up with me [30F] today, after moving in two months ago because of issues he would never talk about
Should I Try to Get Things Going Again or Give Up on Her?
Should I Try to Get Things Going Again or Give Up on Her?
I'm [30F] fuming in the bedroom while my boyfriend [32M] is probably fuming in the living room. How to handle this?
Am I wrong for not wanting to be in my siblings lives?
Am I wrong for not wanting to be in my siblings lives?
I'm going to college with my former crush, who is also my boyfriend's brother
How do you get over relationship trauma? [27f]
Need advice on my(21/F) Boyfriend's (23/M) aunt (33/F)
How to get over relationship trauma? [27f]
How to not overthink love ? Ldr
How do I fix a 20 year relationship?
My boyfriends sleep a lot
I (20 F) have been in love with my friend (21 M) for two years, is now the time to tell him?
Choosing me over his family, am I wrong?
My [30m] gf [30f] gets political on Facebook and it is a lot
My girlfriend gets political on Facebook and it sucks
I (25f) found out My bf (33M) stalked me to get together
My ex (26M) and I (24F) hooked up.
Should you go back to your ex?
Need advice on whether I’m being selfish or realistic
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
My (f,22) boyfriend (m,24) doesn't understand me
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
Parentals [F44] [M49] are making me [17] go back to my old ways and I’m not having it.
21F, in love with my gay best friend.
Miscommunication with my (f,22) boyfriend (m,24)
Miscommunication
how do I [26m] break up with her [27f] due to the sex being bad, without hurting her feelings?
My Husband’s Friend
My girlfriend and I ended our relationship very abruptly a week ago.
My girlfriend (18f) and I (18f) ended our relationship a week ago.
My Husband’s Friend
When do you know when it's time to end things?
I don’t like to be heard during sex
I am worried my (18F) childhood trauma ruined my hability to romantically interact with people and my sexuality. Am I really damaged goods?
Directed from AITH
Is it wrong I [27F] cut contact with him [25M] because he doesn’t acknowledge that he is privileged for being white and living in a first world country?
My family friends found out about my bf(?) before we are official help
My 48M fiancé 46F was looking up past ex’s on FB.
My GF [20/F] has hurt me [M/21] during a difficult time
Three year engagement with baby momma destroyed in two months
My GF [20/F] has hurt me [M/21] during a difficult time
My GF [20/F] hasn't treated me [21/M] right during this difficult time, I need advise.
My friend [23] texted my boyfriend [24] on and off this week to get to know him because she knows how important my relationship is to me.
My bf still loves his ex (F 35) bf (M 47)
My [26F] boyfriend [30M] was FWB with his ex
Is it weird if my husband (32) writes down everything I (27) say when we argue while drunk?
Help me! I am an author who need help! The one who helps me most will be rewarded!
My (24f) bf (24m) is breaking social distancing and making it hard for us to see each other
How do I make conversation with a guy and how on earth can I tell if he’s just being nice or actually interested in talking with me?
Should I (20M) separate with my significant other (F22)? If so, how can I emotionally prepare myself?
Not fully attracted to my [27M] girlfriend [26F] of 2 years
My (17m) girlfriend (17f) and I just took a break and I don’t know how to feel...
My (22F) girlfriend (21F) plays Mobile Legends for 16 hours. AITA for not wanting to talk?
I (27F) just found out my father (54M) has been manipulating me with his cancer
My (22F) girlfriend (21F) plays Mobile Legends for 16 hours. AITA for not wanting to talk?
My (24f) Bf (24m) is breaking social distancing and making it hard for us to get together
My (25M) former romantic interest (28M) and I had a conversation last night over the phone and I don't know how to move forward in a sense.
My bf still loves his ex
My (25M) former romantic interest (28M) and I had a conversation last night over the phone and I don't know how to move forward in a sense.
How do I (25)F take things slow with (30)M with things feeling so intense?
No clue how to deal with my friends' (20M) very unrequited long term crush on me (20NB)
Not fully attracted to my [27M] girlfriend [26F] of 2 years
My bf still loves his ex
How do I (25)F take things slow with (30)M with things feeling so intense?
How can one slow things if things between 2 people are like fire??
I (20f) can't stand to be around my father (52m).
Dating as a senior in college? [21F]
My [23F] ex [23M] has a new girlfriend and I don't know if I should contact her to tell her he has been dating us both at the same time.
My (26F) boyfriend (25M) constantly talks to his ex.
I (20F) Worried About Husband (20M)
I (28F) can’t do anything right and I am not good enough for him (33M)
My(28m) gf(29f) hates my new dog and idk what to do about it
How to properly break up with someone
My boyfriend (24m) thinks I (23f) need to work harder to earn compliments
I (16f) don’t really get along with my dad’s new family
My friend (15M) tells mean jokes but got mad when my friend (16F) and I (16F) did the same.
Me (25F) wife and (27M) husband, everything has to go his way
I (24F) spent the last year getting over a guy (29M) who rejected me. Now he's showing a ton of interest.
I'm [19F] killing my relationship with my boyfriend [20M] and it's driving me insane
My [F24] boyfriend [M22] got into a massive fight and I think it’s time for me to go home. I’ve been staying with his family for 2 months and his mom is throwing us a graduation party tomorrow.
Depression killing my[19F] relationship with my boyfriend [20M] and I'm so sick of everything
I [F24] have been staying with my bf [M22] since March. Things are breaking down and I want to leave ASAP. His mom is throwing us a graduation party tomorrow. Can I leave instead?
My(28m) gf(29f)hates my new dog and idk what to do.
I just need to vent really quickly
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
My insecurities are ruining my relationship
Idk if my bf lied about taking steroids
Is it time for counseling or to let my unreasonable boyfriend go?
What is the best way to help my [25F] boyfriend [29M]?
My friend M18 ended our relationship. (I am M17)
What does it mean when you and someone are civil?
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
I'm [30F] unable to let go of my ex and it's ruining my life. Long story. Grab a coffee.
Maybe you’re just meant to meet them. Not to be with them.
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
I [26F] forgot his [26M] birthday today. To make matters worse, I was also rude..
My partner [23F] has been passive aggressive and hostile to everything I [23M] do lately
Boyfriend (22M) texting his Ex-Girlfriend(25F)
Unplanned pregnancy amidst uncertain times.
Help needed! (25F) married to (27M); he doesn't respect me and my needs
My (19f) gf (18f) keeps calling my little brother a “c*nt.”
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
Is it time for counseling or to let my unreasonable bf go?
Should I be upset?
Long distance/corona/college graduation
I'm [30F] unable to let go of my ex and it's ruining my life. Really long post. Grab a coffee.
Why my sister (18 at the time) moved out.
I don’t know how to deal with resentment towards my ex boyfriend???
My boyfriend (25) and I (25) are considering doing long distance. do you consider 1 hour 45 minute drive long distance?
I don’t know how to deal with resentment towards my ex
My boyfriend (25) and I (25) are considering doing distance. Do you consider 1 hour 45 minute drive long distance?
I [27]f bumped into him [37] twice or 3 times accidentally by hanging out with the same group of friends .
I [20F] feel really upset that my boyfriend [23] watches pictures of half naked girls on 9gag
i'm [f, 34] ignoring my ex best friend [f, 33] because she has a disease
My[M26] girlfriend[F22] recently started hanging out with her ex
My bf did something offensive (possibly) that I don't understand and can't exactly tolerate
i'm [f, 34] ignoring my ex best [f, 36] friend because she a disease
I texted my ex a you up? Text last night around 5 am and he responded in the morning now I don’t know what to say
My boyfriend’s roommate literally gives me PTSD
I (m21) kicked out my pregnant girlfriend (f20) because the child can’t be mine.
(24f) Struggling with a crush on my boyfriend’s best friend
My [19F] Grandfather's [83M] behaviour is concerning and shocking towards me. I am constantly feeling drained by fighting this ongoing battle
My[M26] girlfriend[F22] recently started hanging out with her ex
My (28m) gf (23f) thinks she's fat and I want to compliment her thickness without offending her.
Losing Virginity with a Non Virgin and Body Count
He's [26 M] traumatized like many of us. Should I [23 F] keep giving him a chance or find something better?
Peeing in the shower
Long distance boyfriend goes swimming with other girls
My bf thinks going to the bathroom 9 times at work is a lot and shouldnt be allowed but mad at me because i called forex a pyramid scheme?
My(17F, 5’7, 216) boyfriend(17M) says I’ve gotten too big
My [F24] self has a gift for picking “men” [M34]
My(30m) girlfriend(28f) went through a bad breakup a couple of years ago, is now scared of commitment
Love vs. Myself
My(30m) girlfriend(28f) went through a bad breakup a couple of years ago, is now scared of commitment
I [F24] have a gift for picking men [M34]
Girlfriend went through a bad breakup a couple of years ago, is now scared of commitment
(27f) My sister (24f) came out to me while she was drunk and doesn't remember doing so. I want to support her because I know she is struggling, but I also don't want to force her to talk about it or come out before she's ready. How do I be a better ally?
(27f)My sister (24f) came out to me last year as bisexual while she was drunk and forgot that she did. I want to show my support to her, but also don't want to make her feel pressured to talk about it if she doesn't want to. How do I be a better ally?
How long would you wait for a marriage proposal?
Clingy Friend phone calls me multiple times daily. How do I make him stop?
Should I (20F) break up with my girlfriend(21F)?
How to compliment my (28m) girlfriend's (23f) curves without insulting her?
6 Quick Flirting Tips
6 Quick Flirting Tips
Urgent: My(27F) single mother friend(28F) is moving into the same house as her crazy mother. Do I offer my house instead?
The one that got away, need advice
Sex is just meh... Should I break up with him?
Long distance boyfriend (19M) is out swimming with his sister (18F) and her friends (18F)
I (21/f) keep getting jealous of partner's (23/f) mother
Clingy Friend (M17) acting like Russia, doesn't know boundaries.
I keep getting jealous of my partner's mom
22(M) said he wanted to be in a relationship with me 21(F) now he’s completely ignored me why?
Not sure how to feel girl about to date gets diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Is my best friend(18 f) obsessed with my boyfriend(18m)?
Boyfriend (20M) lets parents kick me (18nb) out
My [24F] roommate [24F] keeps eating my food.
Is my [26M] with my GF [26F] Dead?
He (28M) needs time to figure out what he wants and I (27F) want to wait but don't know if I should
I (F27) don’t know if I will ever be able to trust my fiancée (F28) again
Let’s trib
Me [28/F] with my ex fiancee [30/M] breaking up after a year and a half, can't get him to carry weight
What ethnicity & age do I look like to you?
My boyfriend (19) is out swimming with his sister (18) and her friends (18-19) while we are in long distance. Im 18.
Is my best friend(18 f) obsessed with my boyfriend(18m)?
cant imagine happily ever after with girlfriend because of the boring sex life.
My [21F] boyfriend [30M] got really upset at me for talking about George Floyd/racism.
Masturbation
Cant imagine life with girlfriend because of the disappointing sex.
Cherish The Little Moments
Long distance boyfriend went swimming with girls
My father (43?M) wants to see me (24M), but I don’t know if I want to see him.
My dad [56] asked me, his son [35] to arrange assisted suicide for him just a few days after his successful tumor surgery.
My (21M) girlfriends (22F) mom is controlling and takes everything from her.
My father (43?M) travelled halfway across the country and I (24M) don’t want to see him.
My former fraternity brother is using our alumni group to continue to bash her, help
My (21M) girlfriends(22F) mom is controlling and takes everything she has.
My dad [56] has brain cancer and wants me, his son [30] to arrange assisted suicide for him just after his successful tumor resection
Am I manipulating and controlling my boyfriend?
How do I deal with someone who takes a long time to respond?
Am I manipulating and controlling my boyfriend?
I’m starting to resent my “best friend” who is too emotionally intense
Boyfriend went swimming with other girls in long distance relationship
UPDATE:Husband (40M) left me (35F) but insists we play it cool in fron of the family and keep living together for our children's sake - Also I don't know how to tell my mom
My (F31) brother (M36) is going through an extremely hard time and I don't know how to help. Any suggestions?
BF (27) of 5 years told me (29F) he lusts for other women, but he's too "moral" to act?
I’m tired of just being friends
Pedophile (40M) preying on my sister (18M)
Pedophile preying on my sister
Relationship
Relationship
At a crossroads
Ex [25M] told me [24F] about minor dislikes he had of me and I feel like they are crazy.
Weight(y) (doesn't) matter(s)
Older sister keeps complaining that I don't like her and my mom is trying to force me to be friends with her
Seek a good relationship
should i (22F) keep going out with unaffective partner (25M)?
My Former High School Teacher(s) [18M} [40F] [50F]
I [22 M] love my mother [50s F], but we do not have a good relationship.
I (21M) can't get over ex-girlfriend (20F)
Break
Can't get over girlfriend.
my mother is becoming unbearable for me
[19F] [19M] Distancing has me pushing my boyfriend away and I don't know what to do
Join Janae on "Confessions From A Red Couch", an insightful Podcast for everyone
My Former High School Teacher(s) [18M} [40F] [50F]
Need to get my Introvert Wife out of the house!
[F19] [M19] Distancing is making me push him away and I can't seem to stop myself
I (23f) told a coworker (22m) i wasnt into him and dont understand his behavious now
Conflict with my Husbands Brothers Girlfriend.
My ex's GF told me off and IDK what to do.
How do I(21M) tell my family about my break up with my long term partner(21F)?
Lunch with the girl I like turned out to be the last one
I(22M) and my wife(22F) feel toxic but I’m just not sure
Broke up with BF [31, M) after he was shouted me [27, F]
My mother is unbearable for me
[21M] [22F] I have no clue on what to do
Boyfriend (22M) texting ex-girlfriend (25 F)
I (22M) and my wife (22F) feel toxic I’m just not sure
[21M]22F] i have no clue on what to do
I miss my friend
How to stop feeling this way F23
Friendship died, I (M, 28) thinking about reaching out again (she is F, 28)
Break
I have no clue on what to do
How to stop feeling this way F23
My (27M) GF (23F) of 2 years came up with a financial compromise, but probably resents it
Boyfriend (22M) texting ex-girlfriend (25F)
How do I tell my family about my break up with my long term partner?
My [26F] fiancé [29M] of 1 year (together almost 6) seems oblivious as to how his actions affect other people. I'm at my breaking point because now I'm 31 weeks pregnant.
Have i been mugged off
Friend (29F) of 10 years forgot my (29F) bday and now asking for favor
Me 29M with my 19F of 8 months, need to leave her
I (33m) am looking for good remote date ideas for my gf (29f)
I feel like there's something missing from me (18M) and my mother's (59F) relationship.
Remote Date Ideas
Self esteem issues? [24f] [25m]
Have i been a fool
Need help w dad
My [35M] gf [27F] of 1yr declined sex for her whole visit but, got seemingly upset and changed her mind after I masturbated. Is this normal?
Wanted: Brutal Advice on heartache
(F28) My boyfriend (M34) is spamming women’s DMs on social media. Is that normal?
"I would have never taken you upstairs sober" My (35F) girlfriend says to me (36M) regarding waking up with another man in her bed.
A girl I love likes me and another guy
How to move on from my GF forcing her fetish on me?
I [20f] am nervous to meet tinder match [24m]
Long post sorry - need help w dad
I (M26) think I was a relationship abuser to my friend (F36)
Moving to a new city for love, how soon?
A girl I love likes me and another guy
I feel like something is missing from me (17M) and my mother's (59F) relationship.
A girl I love likes another guy
My (19f) boyfriend (22m) of four years kept someone a secret
I [28M] feel as though I do not respect my girlfriend
Relationship time-out with my bf (27), want to fix everything, but don’t know how to start
My (32m) ex (32F) is not doing the one thing I asked her to do post-breakup
really confused
"I would never have taken you upstairs if i was sober"
Friend (29F) of 10 years forgot my (29F) bday....now asking for favor
I (20M) can't keep up with my boyfriend (22M) complains
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) cheated on my and broke up with my but still wants a platonic relationship
Do I reach out and try the friendship again
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) cheated on me and broke up with me but still wants a platonic relationship
How to move on from my GF forcing her fetish on me?
My bf of four years mother is sick.. not sure how to support him
Does "Netflix and Chill" help anxiety on a first date?
I [29M] feel like I do not respect my girlfriend
I've [f/24] been flirting with long-distance ex [m/27] who seems interested. How do I proceed?
How do I (F/22) deal with a gaslighting bf (M/25)?
Relationship time out with my partner (27). Want to fix everything, but don’t know how to start
How to deal with liers/gaslighters?
Sex Lives Years After Infidelity. How Do I Try to Fix This? I Have Been Failing
Not truly sure what I can do anymore.
My [35M] gf [27F] of 1yr declined sex for her whole visit but, got seemingly upset and changed her mind after I masturbated. Confused...
My [25F] roommate [27M] is relapsing with weed addiction
UPDATE: My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
My [25F] roommate [27M] relapsing back into addiction
UPDATE: My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
Put together a video of my (26F) drunk mom (58F) to show her 📷
My [35M] gf [27F] of 1yr declined sex for her whole visit but, got seemingly upset and changed her mind after I masturbated. Confused...
UPDATE: My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
Boyfriend insist that picking up my birth control every time isn’t fair
I want money
I don't really know how to cope with this situation right now.
Sex Life Years after Infidelity, a Word of Advice to me Please?
I want to react to his memes, but he'll think that I'm still into him.
De-escalating conflict with conflict escalating husband (30sM)
I (20M) want to break up with my long distance gf (19F).
I don’t know where to post this
I want to react to his memes, but he'll think that I'm still into him.
How do I break up with my long-distance gf?
My (31F) husband (31M) confessed to me that he has been abusing alcohol for nearly two years and has been actively hiding it from me.
Me (21M) wants to see my GF (20F) more often than she wants to see me, any advice?
My (31F) husband (31M) confessed to me that he has been abusing alcohol for nearly two years and has been actively hiding it from me.
I [m/23] don't know how to feel about my gf [f/23]
Every single night this week, I’ve dreamt that my BF (26M) and I (25F) were splitting up. It’s wearing down on my moods during the day and I just don’t know how to shake this discomfort
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months commented on a Facebook group regarding the kinkiest stuff he’s done with his ex and I [21/F] don’t know how to feel about it. Any advice on how to handle my emotions?
My (20F) guy friend (23M) only calls me to pass time?
Should I break up with her now or in a week?
Should I break up with her now or in a week?
I [27m/married] developed a crush for a close friend [26f]. I distanced myself but she wants to talk about it.
The Smartest I Know
I (23F) ended a relationship (25 M) due to a gut feeling, was I wrong?
How to help my insecure, controlling girlfriend
UNBAN your Instagram account now!
Should I break up with her now or later?
Need to get my Introvert wife out of the house!
Is this cheating?
My (20F) friend (23M) only calls me to pass time?
How to deal with a really insecure, controlling girlfriend
My ex blocked me, unblocked me, then blocked me again within 48 hours. I’m not sure how to move on?
I'm mistress from USA am 26years in age seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested inbox me kik..... goodness0001
[20/f] My friend (20/f) set me up on a very awkward blind date, i was kinda rude to him. But was i just being shallow? Was my friend being malicious?
Love Fest Friday
I (22M) got cheated on by my gf (22F) and the relationship ended three months ago. Even though time has passed, I'm still frustrated that her and the person she cheated on me with (19F) are happy now. How do I get past it?
My bf (20m) wants me (20f) to shave “down there”
What was is like for you to get used to sharing a bed for the first time?
Are relationships even worth it?
I dislike cuddling, and he insists we cuddle a lot
How was it for you to adjust to sharing a bed with someone for the first time?
I [33M] can't stop being a jerk to my SO [27F].
I (45F) am having second thoughts about fiance (46M)
I (22M) no longer want to be with my ex (22F), but I'm frustrated she seems happy with the person she cheated on me with (19F)
Question!
should i (22F) break up or keep trying with him (25M)?
Faithful?
I like the guy I ghosted
I (36F) and getting increasingly frustrated with my BF (30M) and I don't know if I should break up.
My [27 F] girlfriend [28 F] almost broke up with me last night after a year and a half of dating, because she thinks I'm mean. I think she just hasn't given me a chance to be medicated appropriately.
Did I react okay or did I miss something?
I like the guy I ghosted
Me(29) trying to be patient with her(25)
Crowdfunding for flight tickets to the UK so I could take care of my fiancé who have Aspergers and currently in a bad mental state due to lockdown
Girlfriend Found Out I hooked up with someone that she became friends with before we were dating
Boyfriend (25M) won’t have sex with me (25F)
I [25M] feel bombarded by my girlfriends [24F] questions
I (17F) was assaulted at Formal/Prom by Peter (17M)
I [25M] find myself being bombarded with questions constantly by my GF [24
Me (14M) want my LDR girlfriend (13F) to tell her parents about me!
Me (14M) want my Girlfriend (13F) to tell her parents about us..
Am I (35F) being overly sensitive about my team members (35F) behavior?
I(M19)cheated on my girlfriend(f18)but she's trying to forgive me. I feel so terrible
Me (15M) wants my LDR Girlfriend (13F) To tell her parents about us..
I (17F) was sexually assaulted(?) by new transfer friend (17M) at Formal/prom and i don't know how to deal with my friends
Tl;dr: My best friend always brings her boyfriend with her. Is it weird to be kinda irritated?
Not into monogamy?
My [17m] sister [15f] is heavily dyslexic. I called her "illiterate" during a heated argument. She completely lost it and we had a fight. What should I do to apologize?
what to do? PLS HELP
My best friend always brings her boyfriend with her
How can I [20M] move on from the guilt of hurting my ex-girlfriend [20F]?
Of Borderlines and Sex Lives
How do I inform my dead biological father’s family that I exist?
How can I move on from the guilt of hurting my ex-girlfriend?
I can't stop being a jerk to my SO
If reincarnation is real (it is) - when do we move on from our partner?
Not sure how to approach my dead fathers family about my existence.
American (f63) in 11 Year Relationship w Nigerian Brit (m41)
How to find peace with my boyfriend? ADVICE NEEDED
My (25F) bf (25M) regrets the way his past relationship ended and it's making me insecure.
My mom (44F) is sucking the life out of me (22F)
I've been in nothing but toxic trash fire relationships {20f} and now I have something healthy. {21m} short version.
How can I [F22] talk to my future in laws about race issues?
How to find peace with my boyfriend? ADVICE NEEDED
My parents [50s] are not saving money because they count on me [F22] but I dont want to see them ever again.
Wife(34F) wants me(35M) to give her an allowance....How do I start?
Me [35 F] with my BF [34 M] of a year. His relationship with his female coworker [25 F] is VERY close.
Wife(34F) wants me(35M) to give her an allowance....How do I start?
Partner (24M) and I (25F) got into an argument that almost resulted in us breaking up, how do I move forward from this?
I (27m) dislike my girlfriend's (24f) friends - need advice on how to proceed
Feelings for my best friend
Competitive friend.
[25f][28m] I found out that my introduction to my boyfriend was ‘arranged’ by our parents without my knowledge, and he was essentially pushed into it.
How do I (22F) decide between a hypothetical dream job offer and staying with my SO (22M) after graduation? He's disappointed that I'm hesitant to make this sacrifice.
Feels like my [32M] feelings of betrayal are minimized
I'm just really tired of this friend.
Feelings for my best friend
UPDATE:My[33M] Wife [31F] had a new male best friend who she was in an emotional affair with.
My[33M] Wife [31F] had a new male best friend who she was in an emotional affair with
UPDATE: My[33M] Wife [31F] has a new best friend who became an emotional affair
What's up with him?
My boyfriend buys onlyfans and I don’t know what to do without looking crazy.
I (20 F) am no longer attracted to my BF (20 M)
We broke up after a couple (long) fights. Was I being too demanding/unreasonable?
6 year long realtoonship, my bf (28M) finds it hard to speak to his family about me ( 27 F), it feels as if I'm not important to him. How do I cover come this?
TL/DR. I'M by doesn't really talk about me to his family. Please advise how I can overcome feeling like I'm not important to him?
My [20F] father [62] does not support me changing my name, help?
The right way to go about initiating a break up in these circumstances?
My (20F) Parents Do Not Support Me Changing My Name
My overweight sister (23F) is becoming extremely rude and lazy and it's severely hurting our relationship.
Need advice as a 19(F) overcoming my partner (22M) porn habit.
Need advice on overcoming a partners porn habit
I [27F] have been avoiding my boyfriend's [31M] parents and i don't know how to break the ice again
Moving on
Betrayal
Betrayal
Need help moving on...
My (37F) suicidal friend (34F) wants to move in with me
How to help my insecure, controlling girlfriend
STORY TIME: How my young long-distance ex bf cheated on me w/ too many girls (+ from other countries) and left deep emotional scarring to these girls.
A letter to my fiance
A letter to my fiance
I (F28) have been ghosted by a someone (M/30) I've been sexting with for over a month
My (30f) boyfriend (31m) didn't acknowledge Christmas, my birthday, or valentines day... I'm upset, am I over reacting?
I (F/28) have been ghosted by someone (M/30) I've been sexting with for over a month on a almost daily basis
Am I being manipulated into staying in this toxic relationship by his actions?
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] of 4 years has made plans to move abroad and it's killing me
Howd you guys deal with your first break up? (20m)
How do i 18m strengthen the bond with my older brother?
23M partner 21F murky waters
How do i 18/m strengthen my bond with my older brother?
27m needs help with ex gf 27f
Why is my boyfriend not interested in me sexually?
27m Need some advice on next steps to take with ex gf 27f
Reasons not to be intimate
Toxic Ex still 6 months on
How do I know if this girl likes me
I (F20s) feel resentment towards my bf (M20s)
I think my bf is spying on me, how do I make him see that it’s wrong if he keeps denying it
I (30s f) am thinking of ending a potential relationship with someone (30s M) over bad vibes
23M gf 21F
Howd you guys deal with your first break up? (20m)
Too toxic to continue?
What are the reasons to be not intimate?
I'm getting bad vibes
Happy Birthday, Some Other Things
He died in a plane crash a week ago
I left my future
My bf gave away his snapchat to a girl, is it something to be upset about?
How do I know if this girl likes me?
He died in a plane crash a week ago
Am I overreacting ab my bf giving away his snapchat to a girl
Good read: Why Are Men So Frustrated With Online Dating?
Me (M24) told her (F21) that she can reach out to me only when she is done with her ex
My boyfriend [29/M] got angry at me [28/F] for asking him the significance of why he was telling me about 2 people who existed in the past.
Leaving my girlfriend for my dreams ? Or is it for a girl ? Maybe both ? Are my reasons worth it or am I being a fool?
I'm (20M) talking to girl (19F) and she might be a masochist.
My boyfriend [29/M] got angry at me [28/F] for asking him the significance of why he was telling me about 2 people who existed back in the day.
My (25F) bf (25M) regrets the way his past relationship ended and it's making me insecure.
Being replaced...
My (25F) bMy (25F) bf (25M) regrets the way his past relationship ended and it's making me insecure.
Getting over my toxic behaviors because I want my best friend in my life
French dude having confusing feelings and dilemmas
Is it wrong that I (M28) want to go on holiday without my partner (F24)?
Should I [20/F] consider to ask my parents [60F/57M] if my bf [21/M] could stay at ours for a month?
She (22F) is still on my (25M) mind. I seem to be unable to knock my ex out of my mind.
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months commented on a Facebook group regarding the kinkiest stuff he’s done with his ex and I [21/F] don’t know how to feel about it. Any advice on how to handle my emotions?
How do I know if my ex wants to be friends or if he's maybe even missing me?
How do I know if my ex wants to be friends or if he's missing me?
I(23M) wants to understand what really love is?
Flirty vs Friendly. What are some subtle boundaries not to cross with platonic guyfriends? BONUS: how do those boundaries change when you want to be in a romantic relationship with them?
Our (29M) & (27F) 1st Wedding Anniversary!
Should I [20/F] consider to ask my parents [60F/57M] if my bf [21/M] could stay at ours for a month?
My boyfriend [26M] has terrible insomnia.
It’s our 1st wedding Anniversary!
How do I deal with and support my bf with his depression?
[Screenshots included] my boyfriend ghosted me, I got some advice, have been reviewing old conversations and I need to know whether it's worth staying with him
Guilt is going to kill me. TW: Suicidal (Long)
Me, (18m), am still in love with my ex-girlfriend (17f), and don't know what to do
Idea that everything will be better if I get into relationship
Friendly vs Flirty. What are some boundaries that shouldn’t be crossed with platonic guyfriends? BONUS: Do the boundaries change when you start to want to be in a romantic relationship with them?
When your partner is just always on his phone
Can you recommend a book to help me trust in relationships again?
I'm still in love with my ex-girlfriend (17f) who broke up with me (18m) a few months ago
(F 24) my boyfriend of 4 years (M 26) eats all of our food and doesn’t see it as selfish. Am I wrong?
I (30F) am finding it difficult not to feel resentful of a friend's (29F) success
My [23F] girlfriend [20F] of 9 months is upset that I think I'm a bad person
My[17F] boyfriend [22M] of 3 years pushed me down again.
Am I wrong for using this service to find out the truth about my cheating girlfriend who is now my Ex??
(F 24) my boyfriend (M 26) eats all of our food and doesn’t see it as selfish. Am I wrong?
Not sure if my [17F] behavior is toxic towards my boyfriend [18M]
Am I too immature to be in this relationship?
Idea that everything will be better if I get into relationship
I'm afraid of everything
I (20y/o M) refuse to go on a vacation with my Girlfriend's parents (20 y/o F) because they did this...
Women of Reddit: I need help talking to my GF during sex
Relationship
Women of Reddit: I need help talking to my GF during sex
Single, looking for a serious man
Female,looking for a serious relationship
I (23F) need to know what really love is?
Am I too immature to be in this relationship?
Should I (28f) keep a distance from friends who befriend the side chick?
My ex best friend obsessed over my boyfriend ?
[19/m] There's some girls (all 19/f) i used to like in high school, but never had a real shot with. How would i go about getting a date with them?
Am I wrong for using this service to find out the truth about my cheating girlfriend who is now my Ex??
I (20F) didn't tell my boyfriend (25M) that I got proposed and I feel like I'm cheating or something, should I tell him?
Beginning to feel like my partner doesn't love me anymore
My (23F) parents told me to break up with my boyfriend (23M) "because he is ugly"
My boyfriend follows porn models on his Instagram.
NEED HELL WITH A FEMALE FRIEND (18M)
My (22F) parents want me to break up with my boyfriend (22M) because he is ugly
my dad is leaving us (17M)
Work colleague (M30) behind my back is boasting that I (F32) am chasing after him to a lot of our other colleagues and they tend to believe him
should i (F16) get back with my ex (M18)
Success stories after getting dumped for someone else
I (20M) am way too helicoptered by my parents and don’t know how to approach them
My (28F) bf (27F) is clearly no longer into me, but doesn’t want to breakup
My girlfriend has been through rape,abuse, sexual manipulation and cheating boyfriends and I'm worried for her
getting back together
Boyfriend (20m) probsbly hates me (20f)
my dad is leaving us (17M)
I [22F] am worried that my boyfriend [30M] will break up with me while I'm studying for the MCAT.
I (20f) broke up with my boyfriend (20m) of 1.5 years and now he hates me
I (21M) have moved out of an apartment that I shared with my girlfriend (19F) because of her constant neediness and arguments that drove me slowly crazy.
What really love is?
I (21M) have moved out of an apartment that I shared with my girlfriend (19F) because of her constant neediness and arguments that drove me slowly crazy.
My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
Does my bf have a weird relationship with his mother?
Quarantined for 50+ days together now I have separation anxiety
She says she misses me and really cares about me but is actively trying to work things out with her ex boyfriend. Why?
Is she even normal?
Is she even normal?
I'm afraid my (22 F) boyfriend (30 M) is going to break up with me while I'm studying for the MCAT.
Self Pity’s a bitch.
I need relationship advice on this issue I have been having with my significant other.
She can’t decide
I (22m) am having a disagreement with my good friend and future roommate (22f) about drug use. I also feel I'm making too many compromises.
Boyfriend (22M) is angry about my (22F) communication
Boyfriend (22M) is angry because of my (22F) texting habits
My (26f) boyfriend (25m) of 6 years always wants to debate, but gets mad when I have a different opinion?
My [20/M] younger sister [17/F] is mad because I slept with her best friend [18/F], how should I apologize?
Does My Boyfriend have a Weird Relationship with his Mom?
My [34M] Dad [65M] Ridicules me , hates me and blames me for everything wrong in our life.
My (22m) friend and future roomate (22f) are haviing disagreements on how our soon to be sharehouse will run. I've compromised a few times, but I'm not sure how to discuss the issue of drug use in the house
Animal Lovers in Love..?
Animal Lovers in Love..?
help me to identify myself [Relationship] [dating] [personal issues]
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months commented on a Facebook group regarding the kinkiest stuff he’s done with his ex and I [21/F] don’t know how to feel about it. Any advice on how to handle my emotions?
My boyfriend (30M) compares us a lot and it makes me feel like he thinks lowly of me (30F)
help me to identify myself [Relationship] [dating] [personal issues]
Should I (F/22) tell him (M/23) how I feel?
[23F] want my ex ex [24M] back but it’s complicated
Should I tell him (M/23) how I (F/22) feel?
Should I tell him how I feel? (long and dramatic)
Help me (38M) make sense of my girlfriend's (40F) point of view
Breaking Up when your partner is entirely reliant on you
I need help with my relationship with my Dad
What did he mean?
What did he mean?
I need help understanding my parents
My girlfriend died and I blame myself for not being there for her.
Any advice for dealing with a breakup during isolation?
I ( 20 F) Went snooping on my (21 M) bf phone and found out he responded to a straight-gay discrete Craigslist ad. is he bi or gay??
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) is upset at me for being hit on?
Mom (52F) and sister(22F) make me (20F) feel betrayed and untrusted. Read some texts I shouldn't have.
We just broke up
Please help! Is my boyfriend bi/gay
I think I sexually assaulted my gf (plz read)
[Success story] I almost quit my job... instead I made it a learning curve
Is there a level of empathy that is no longer healthy in a relationship (20F)?
Mom (52F) & Sister (22F) are making me (M20) want to leave my house forever.
[Success story] I almost quit my job... instead I made it a learning curve
Are there still feelings here?
Is there a level of empathy that is no longer healthy in a relationship?
My (22f) boyfriend (22m)'s little brother (10m) blurted out that my boyfriend is cheating on me with his ex and vice versa.
Would it be weird if I (17/M) asked a girl (16/F) to hangout if we have only talked through text?
Me [41 M] with any gf of any duration how do I stop being so needy?
I(22f) had a feeling my bf (22m) was cheating me and his ex. His little brother (10m) confirmed it while we were all taking a walk.
Breakup Advice
Breakup Advice
Would it be weird if I (17/M) asked a girl (16/F) to hangout if we have only talked through text?
I want to fix us falling out of love.
I'm sure its a thing, but is it weird that I (30M) want to be a "serial single" person?
Would it be weird if I (17/M) asked a girl (16/F) to hangout if we have only talked through text?
I [20F] have never been in a relationship or on a date, and I'm constantly worrying about it
Trigger warning: Suicide. Last night, we talked about suicide and now I can’t reach him
I want to fix us falling out of love.
Is it weird to ask a girl to hangout if we have only talked through text?
So me (M/17) is questioning what to do about two girls, both (F/15) (No relationship length atm)
Does my ex still have feelings for me?
So me (M/17) is questioning a relationship about two girls, both (F/15) (No relationship length atm)
Does my ex still love me/have feelings?
I don't like my boyfriend's hair... help!
I [20F] have never had a boyfriend, and worried that I will never get one, advice?
Can a woman who has lost touch with the emotional (and physical) intimacy in her relationship find the passion again?
Gift giving
Can a woman who has lost touch with the emotional (and physical) intimacy in a relationship find the passion again?
Told to fuck off and was scum of the Earth
Told to fuck off and I was scum of the earth
I(F25) accidentally hurt my boyfriend(M25) while he was vulnerable
My (25F) SO (26M) used my rapist’s name against me in an argument
My (18m) friend and co-worker (17f) is ignoring me and don't know what to do about it.
My (25f) boyfriend (29m) getting down on me for character flaws, don't know if we are incompatible, I am feeling attacked.
My ex has a serious girlfriend but he drunk texted me. Do you consider this cheating?
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) wants to do a threesome, but I'm not sure if I can handle it.
My boyfriend doesn't trust me, yet he's the one who's been unloyal to me in the past
I (22M) have a girlfriend (20F) that I've been seeing for 2 months, possible incompatibility issue?
I'm making my boyfriend's depression worse
My boyfriend is liking pictures of naked girls
I (20F) dont know whether I should continue this relationship with him (25M) please help.
I’m lost
I’m totally lost right now.
I'm at a loss
[NSFW] I [m 27] was very selfish and sort of abusive with my girlfriend(s), sexually. I want to be different
I (22M) have a girlfriend (20F) that I've been seeing for 2 months. Need some advice.
My boyfriend (M/19/20) keeps mentioning proposing, moving in, etc, and it's all beginning to become too fast for me. How do I approach?
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) wants a threesome, but I don't know if I can handle it.
How do you get over your narcissist ex?
Wow, dodged a bullet
[30sM] I feel like my fiance [30sF] is emotionally manipulating me when we argue, it's been happening more frequently and I'm not sure if I'm the one going crazy.
[30sM] I feel like my fiance [30sF] might be emotionally manipulating me when we argue, it's been happening more frequently and I'm not sure if I'm the one going crazy.
Boyfriend doesn't trust me, yet he's the one that hasn't been loyal to me
My Ugly Ass Father
The guy (30m) I’ve (27f) been seeing for three months was really weird and rude to me last night and still hasn’t apologised, should I stop seeing him?
How do I (22 F) handle my mom's guilt-tripping?
Really stressed out about my [22 F] relationship with my boyfriend [30 M] and my mom.
Partner says they feel like they're being taken advantage of and that I'm too much.
How do I clean up this mess?
Me (24F) my fiancé (21M) I would like to deleted this post soon if anyone could inbox me and offer any advice I would really appreciate it. Just need someone to talk to.
I [24F] am afraid changing my first name will destroy my relationship with my father [66M]
I [24F] am afraid changing my first name will destroy my relationship with my father [66M]
Long term relationship ended, living with ex, new courtship developing, while under the same roof still as ex. How does one clean up such a mess? 🤷🏻‍♀️
I'm afraid changing my first name will destroy my relationship with my father.
No clue how to deal with my friends' (20M) very unrequited long term crush on me (20NB)
The story of how it took me a month of uncovering lies to find out my boyfriend cheated on me with his ex.
I'm (23M) not sure what's going on with my (33F) best friend
Talking to family about infertility
I (23M) am wondering what's going on with my best friend (33F)
Relationship with best friend has kinda....changed
College kid needs financial help from parents, maybe?
The story of how it took me a month of uncovering lies to find out my boyfriend cheated on me with his ex.
College kid needs financial help from parents, maybe?
My Ugly Ass Father
Wife texting ex bf
Living with an ex who has a new partner
Will be deleting post soon, if anyone can inbox me I’d be greatful would love some advice on something
How do I (17 F) approach my brother (15 M) about his “edgy” humor (and possibly concerning political beliefs)?
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
Wife will not stop talking to Ex
My [22 F] boyfriend [22 M] of 5 months is great, but I work all day, and he's too tired at night.
I [23M] am madly in love with my ex [24F] who has been my best friend since highschool, how do I tell her?
Living with an ex who has a new partner
Date wants to come to my home
Am I changing too much for my boyfriend?
When the energy is not reciprocated. Are they not trying anymore? Or am I too attached?
My [23F] Mom [50F] is incredibly against me moving in with my boyfriend [24M] of 1.5 years and I just need some help with how to respond to her so I don't lose my mind and hurt our relationship
My husband and mother can’t stand each other need help!
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) of 2.5 years told me he cheated on me a year ago while thru-hiking the Appalachian Trail, am I forgiving too soon?
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] Still Hangs Out With Her "Ex"
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
I came clean about my porn viewing habits, how do I regain my wife's trust?
I [23 F] have trust issues related to cheating and general unfaithfulness. I don’t want them to poison my amazing relationship with my partner [24 M]
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] Still Hangs Out With Her "Ex"
My husband and my family don’t get along need help!
Boyfriend asks I stop all communication with my Ex
I (26f) asked my bf (26m) what I have going for me in life and he couldn’t tell me
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
My GF [ 20] and I [20] had a disagreement surrounding police brutality and racial tension
Post breakup texting confusion
Me [25/F] don't like or love my [25/Fs] friends anymore
I got ghosted after 2 months of talking. I never let my gaurd down. I'm so fucking hurt man
Any shame in blocking your S/O?
I let my gaurd down and got ghosted. I feel like a fool
My (m21) gf (f23) still holds onto a stuffed bear an ex gave her, and doesn't let me use it
have you seen this
My girlfriend won't get rid of or let me use her stuffed bear that an ex gave her
My GF and I [20] had a disagreement surrounding police brutality and racial tension
I [24F] caught my BF [25M] looking up local escorts.
My husband [25m of 3 years] and I [24f] have been stranded overseas from one another due to covid, he can travel but I can't
Should I stick it out? Me [30F] with my Boyfriend [34M] of 3 years.
I (20 NB) don't know how to deal with friend (20M) having a longtime crush on me
My (M20) Girlfriend (F19) of 8 months is always toxic and hurtful whenever we argue. Her track record of hurtful things over the 8 months is extensive. She has now started going out with her best friends (two males) and hid it from me. I feel like Im losing myself in my effort to stay with her.
I'm (25F) worried he (37M) won't change for the better
My fiancé revealed he had slept with someone during a 3 day split 7 years ago and kept it hidden this whole time. Advice?
My G/F wants me to meet her bff ex-husband to make sure he likes me. Our relationship hangs in balance.
I [24F] met a girl off of tinder. She [23F] is still being affectionate to me, but is kind of avoiding actually hanging out together.
Best friend has low self worth and is in a manipulative relationship and is being pressured to get married in the next month and have only been together around 3 months
20 M (advice)
What would you do if you can't meet the kinkiness of your date? - My date (27M) showed me (29F) his sex video during foreplay
My [mid 20's F] Dad [54M] has devolved into an alt-right Trump supporter and it's awful
Is this normal?
I (22m) cheated on my boyfriend (20m)
My fiancé had revealed he slept with someone during a 3 day split 7 years ago and kept it hidden this whole time. Advice?
How do I let go of guilt and negativity from an abusive relationship?
I (22m) cheated on my boyfriend (20m)
Advice
Sick and tired of the yellow fever jokes
What would you do? Torn between going home & staying
An Ex-friend
How does metoo help?
Is my girlfriend (21) actually verbally abusive to me (24)
How does metoo help?
I [24F] caught my BF [25M] looking up local escorts.
My [19F] boyfriend [19M] is getting a female roommate and I’ve expressed to him that it bothers me.
M27 I dont know what to do anymore
I’m a freelancer and my current boss seems to have fallen for me....
Manipulative relationship with pressure to get married ASAP - what do i do?
How does metoo help?
M 27. I don't know what to do anymore.
Friend in a bad/manipulative relationship pressured to get married ASAP - what do i do as a friend?
How does metoo help
My (22M) girlfriend (22F) hooked up with someone during our "exclusive" break and lied about it.
My fiancé revealed he slept with someone during a 3 day split 7 years ago and kept it hidden this whole time. Advice?
Why should I (23F) set boundaries in relationships?
My (22M) girlfriend (22F) hooked up with someone during our break and lied about it.
How does metoo help?
My 27[F] husband 39[M] is a quarantine protester. Now I'm sick.
I need help
Since this whole covid lockdown thing started I’ve noticed my husband showing less interest into spending time with me and being affectionate towards me.
My girlfriend (21) makes me (25m) feel bad about myself.
How should i tell the girl i'm interested in that i want to take her out?
I feel like experimenting with other girls
How does metoo help?
What would you do?
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
How should i tell the girl i'm interested in that i want to take her out?
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
What would you do?
why am i more interested in the girl who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl who actually wants me?
I (25F) desperately want to turn down my dream guy (33M) because of my own insecurities
What would you do?
My [30M] girlfriend [28F] recently broke up with me because her parents were making passive aggressive and bigoted comments about me and my religious background.
My 27[F] husband 39[M] is a quarantine protested. Now I'm sick.
I became the other women and it’s really ruined my self esteem
My [30M] girlfriend [28F] recently broke up with me because her parents were making passive aggressive and bigoted comments about me and my religious background for the year and a half of our relationship they knew about.
I feel like experimenting with other girls.
Does situationship ever works?
My best friend of 8 years/future roommate is trying to tell me what I can and can’t do when living together even though it doesn’t affect her [Both F20]
I’ve (24F) been dating this guy (23M) for almost 4 months and he still rarely texts me
My best friend of 8 years/future roommate it trying to tell me what I can and can’t do when we live together even if she is unaffected by it [Both F20]
Girlfriend (22) has trouble with physical affection
I’ve (24F) been dating this guy (23M) for almost 4 months and he still barely texts me
Ex-girlfriend just hacked my Snapchat. What should I do?
How do I ask my fiancée to be a bit more selective about what she mocks me for?
I’m having issues help
Strict racist muslim parents.
23 [F4M] Single & Looking
Me(29) and her (25) how do I get back into dating and being patient...
My [20sM] girlfriend [20sF] told me she didn’t find me attractive at the beginning of our relationship and treated me badly because of it.
My (29M) girlfriend (30F) of 3 years and I are talking about getting married and I see myself proposing within the next year. Problem: She wants a wedding, and I have no one to invite.
23 [F4M] Single & Looking
23 [F4M] Single
What do I do with a Jew?
I think I'm a clingy gf
I think I'm a clingy gf
I’m bi (M33) and my wife (F32) is straight. We want to meet other couples with similar relationship dynamics for friendship.
I’m bi (M33) and my wife (F32) is straight. We want to meet other couples with similar relationship dynamics for friendship. Ideas?
I’m bi (33M) and my wife is straight (F32). We want to meet couples with similar relationship dynamics for friendship.
My boyfriend tells me the novelty of new sex is all that, but I’m not sure I believe him? (26F)(29M)
Who can help me?!
My boyfriend doesn’t know how to deal with his anger or accept his faults
I’m bi and married to a straight female. We want to find other couples with similar relationship dynamics.
Unstable relationship goes long distance
Dating older guy without phone contact
A few years ago, I (18m) met a girl who was perfect for me, she loved fishing, hunting, trucks, cattle, and construction, but at the time I was 14 and she was 16, and I wasn’t into girls. Now that I'm older, though, how can I find another girl like me?
I [26F] want to talk about timelines with my boyfriend [31M] of eighteen months and I'm not sure how to approach this.
I (18/M) Visited My Long Distance Girlfriend (18/F) from Scotland for the First Time
I really don't know how to move on
I (18/M) Visited My Long Distance Girlfriend (18/F) from Scotland for the First Time
Can’t seem to find or start talking to someone with relationship intentions anymore?
Unrequited love/triangle advice. Need to vent.
'Unofficial' BF left on a birthday celebration trip and didnt invite me! I feel left out, am I justified?
My boyfriend doesn’t know how to deal with his anger or being at fault
I Met My Long Distance Girlfriend from Scotland for the First Time
I Met My Long Distance Girlfriend from Scotland for the First Time (Video)
I’ve always had a problem with relationships and need some advice
Should I [25/M] be concerned that my partner [24/F] is cheating, or am I (in their words) trying to control who they socialize with?
My (21M) Girlfriend (18F) together for almost 3 years moved out and is becoming increasingly distant
I [26F] want to talk about timelines with my boyfriend [31M] of eighteen months and I'm not sure how to approach this.
My boyfriend (25M) and I (23F) of four years (about 3 years of that we are a 2 hours drive apart) and we are struggling with communicating.
When you start dating exclusively should you stop following the opposite gender on Instagram?
I (21M) am afraid of my (18 - 22 M/F) co-workers
Mental health and online dating help!
I'm Lost
I'm [25M] still in love with my ex [25F] 5 months on, dont know how to talk and try and start again
Was I on the right to dump this person? did they deserved to be dumped?
i’m scared my boyfriend is going to leave me
My (21M) mom (48F) wants me to get into an arranged marriage if I can't find a relationship that fits her criteria
My (26f) bfs (27m) relationship with his brother is driving a wedge between us [resentment]
Online Dating and mental illness help
My (26f) bfs (27m) relationship with his brother is getting is driving a wedge between us [resentment]
When you start dating exclusively should you stop following the opposite gender on Instagram?
My (26f) bfs (27m) relationship with his brother is getting is driving a wedge between us [resentment]
I need help dealing with anxiety
My (21M) mom (48F) wants me to get into an arranged marriage if I can't find a relationship that fits her criteria
How do I (19F) tell my boyfriend (20M) that what he did didn't violate me and that he actually helped me realize many things
My (25M) girlfriend (25F) has become less and less interested in me sexually over the course of our relationship, and it's affecting my self esteem & mental health
is my (20f) relationship with my sister (22f) salvageable?
my (20f) relationship with my sister (22f) salvageable?
Is this healthy?
20 year old man in desperate need of advice
How to Help Boyfriend During Stressful Times
Boyfriend's friend annoys me
Need advice for my relationship with (21M)
Need advice with my boyfriend (21M). I am (21F)
I love my boyfriend but I also don't
Maybe i am not suitable for relatinships?
I love my boyfriend but I also don't
I need help dating
Relationship changed and need advice
How to Help Boyfriend During Stressful Times
Sister doesn’t want me alive
Sister says “just die”
My [22 F] boyfriend [30 M] is addicted to fantasy football...
I (23f) haven't talked to my younger sister (21f) for over a year, we live in the same house
My (24F) coworker (34M) keeps ignoring me and avoiding me at random times. Should I bring it up?
Girl from tinder wants to know my height
Girl (23) who was interested in me (male,25) deleted me off of snapchat.
I (23F) am trying to forgive my girlfriend (22F) for breaking up with me last year because she wanted to experiment. I want to trust her again but can’t seem to let myself.
Toxic family
Unhealthy family relationships
When your two best friends aren’t getting along. (F/40s, 50s) Boyfriend in the mix.
Unhealthy family relationships
I (23F) am trying to forgive my girlfriend (22F) for breaking up with me last year because she wanted to experiment. I want to trust her again but can’t seem to figure out how.
My [25f] boyfriend [27m] abruptly moved across the country, now indifferent towards relationship
I can’t tell if I (23f) am overly sensitive or if my boyfriend (23m) is emotionally abusive?
Is it unethical for me [23F] to continue a friendship with a guy [26M] I know has a crush on me?
My (33m) girlfriend (30f) wants us to buy a new car instead of her learning to drive mine.
I (23F) am trying to forgive my girlfriend (22F) for breaking up with me and wanting me back. I think she might be the love of my life.
This guy was trying to pressure me into sending him nudes after pretending to be my friend for like 2 months
Is it unethical to continue being friends with someone I [23F] know has feelings for me?
My (22F) Boyfriend(22M)’s “friend” (23M) is taking advantage of him and he can’t see that.
How should I (M22) deal with sisters (F23, F25) not being supportive as I was dealing with tough mental issues
My friend hates me now
Gf?
Gf?
Found out a friend hates me
I(18m) lied to my gf (18f) to get back at her and now she won’t believe me
Gf?
How should I (M22) deal with sisters (F23, 25) not being supportive as I was dealing with tough mental issues
I am gay and now I want to have lots of sex
how do i convince my best friend to attend therapy + an essay on our friendship for no reason
I (24F) have low self esteem and am jealous of my friends (20's Fs) relationships
Have I[f/27] fallen out of love with my partner[m/29], or is my ex[m/31] clouding my thoughts? Help!
Is it wrong/weird that I don’t want my boyfriends, friend sleeping in our bed?
Sexually assaulted as a kid and navigating a new relationship
Me [26 F] with my bf [26 M]: communication issues
UPDATE: I [32m] overheard my girlfriend [32f] tell her sister [27f] that she is "dating down" being with me because she makes more money than me... and is "surprised that I don't have roommates" I make 135k a year she makes 205k.
I need advise
am i a goldigger or do i just need to higher my standards
The ongoing battle of household chores
How do I [23F] stop this destructive behavior so I can have a chance at having normal romantic relationships?
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma I (21M) have with a person(21F)in my class?
Is my relationship worth saving? please help
My mom made a PayPal account under my dead grandfathers name
My (F, 21) boyfriend (M, 22) told me he masturbates to other girls instagram photos.
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma I (21M) have with a person(21F)in my class?
Past experiences have me (22M) second guessing friendship with (22F)
I (m22) am giving up on the competitive nature of relationships
I'm (21M) wondering if my girlfriend (22F) is showing me manipulative red flags
My [28/F] inlaws are polar opposites to my own in the best ways
Urgently want to help my wife f (27) , though the issue makes me uncomfortable M (31)
My (23F) Boyfriend (32M) claims I make him suicidal, but he won’t break up with me
I’m (M21) not man enough for her(F19) past
I’m (M21) not ma enough for her (F19) past
I’m (M21) not man enough for her (F19) past
Should I tell my friend I want her to cut off contact with my mom?
(16) my bf just broke up with me
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma I (21M) have with a person(21F)in my class?
Depressed girlfriend [22F] Lied to me [21M] for 6+ months about failing classes, trickle truthed it. I still trust her, am I crazy?
My parents check out girl I'm dating on facebook do I have the right to be angry?
[18 single M] any relationship advice for starting college?
Should I M19 be mad at my parents for checking out my crushes on Facebook?
Any tips for starting college?
My (33m) girlfriend (30f) wants us to buy a new car instead of her learning to drive mine.
Do I M19 have the right to be angry with my parents?
Do I M19 have the right to be angry at my parents?
Do I M19 have the right to be angry with my parents?
Do I have the right to be angry with my parents?
Fiancee (27F) wants to buy her Mom a house
My Girlfriend(21F) grandfather is about to pass away. We have a 7 month long-distance relationship. I want to support her, what could I do ?
When did you decide it's the right time to have kids?
Depressed girlfriend [22F] Lied to me [21M] for 6+ months about failing classes, trickle truthed it. I still trust her, am I crazy?
Am I validated in being upset over my boyfriend’s Instagram activity? (26F) and (30M)
My(24M) draining toxic relationship with my girlfriend(23F)
When did you decide it's the right time to have kids?
Girlfriend hides phone then denies hiding it
How to deal with a friend who always tries to invite himself to go with me when I have plans with other friends?
My (35/F) husband (36/M) of five years recently admitted to me that he had cheated on me before we were married.
How could I support my GF with her grandfather, who is about to pass away? She is 21 years old and we are in a 7 month long-distance relationship.
Is it weird for me [27M] to have a roommate of the opposite sex [27F] for my last year of medical school if I am married?
How could I support with her grandfather passing away ? She is 21 years old and we are in a 7 month long-distance relationship.
Boyfriend intentionally ignores my jokes
I (F23) am upset about my partner’s (M23) actions from before we were official
My GF(21F) grandfather is about to pass away. What could I (20M) do to support her ? We have a 7 month long-distance relationship.
Boyfriend intentionally doesn't react to my jokes
My GF(21F) grandfather is about to pass away. What could I (20M) do to support her ?
UPDATE: Husband (40M) left me (35F) but insists we play it cool in fron of the family and keep living together for our children's sake - Also I don't know how to tell my mom
I (25M) saw a conversation on my GF(31) phone and she became instantly defensive.
Dilemma that's making me stuck in my toxic relationship
Free Dating site
Something is always wrong...
I am (20M) and My gf(21F) grandpa is very sick and is about to pass away, we have a 7 month long-distance relationship and I don’t know what to do to support her in her sorrows
Dilemma that's keeping me stuck in my toxic relationship
Doing homework for a friend
Something is always wrong.
I (20M) need Advice How to support my GF(21F) in her sorrows
I (25M) confronted my GF (31) about a conversation I saw. She became instantly defensive, making me look like the bad guy.
I (F24) am jealous and angry over my partner’s (M24) actions from before we were official
My gf grandpa is very sick and is about to pass away, we have a 7 month long-distance relationship and I don’t know what to do to support her in her sorrows
My gf grandpa is very sick and is about to pass away, we have a 7 month long-distance relationship and I don’t know what to do to support her in her sorrows.
My girlfriend (23F) speaking about wearing thong bikinis
Me [24M] And My girlfriend [22F] Is she Cheating one me ?
UPDATE: Husband (40M) left me (35F) but wants to keep it cool in front of the family
How do I end a friendship/drift apart from someone without being mean?
UPDATE: Husband (40M) left me (35F) but wants to keep it cool in front of the family
UPDATE: Husband left me but wants to keep it cool in front of the family
I [24 M] don't know how to tell my wife [58 F] that I am celibate. We have been married for about three years now and I can't bring myself to tell her. How can I let her know?
How do I end a friendship/drift apart from someone without being mean?
Me [24M] and My gf [22F] Is she Cheating on me or I was her backup plan ?
My [18f] boyfriends [17] girl bestfriend [17] is jealous of me
My friend keeps wanting to take credit for every little thing and is starting to get some really annoying personallity habbits
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma with a person in my class?
Me (20M) want to help my (21F) GF in her sorrows because her grandfather is about to pass away.
My friend keeps wanting to take credit for every little thing and is starting to get some really annoying personallity habbits
Should I give up?
49(M) partner of 3 years has some red flag behavior and I think it might be time to pull the plug In our relationship
My[f18] boyfriends [17] girl bestfriend [17] is jealous of me, whay does it mean?
Ex-sext buddy still sends me nudes even when he's in a serious relationship with a wonderful woman.
What does it mean if my boyfriend’s girl best friend is jealous of me without even knowing or meeting me?
I (21M) cheated on my girlfriend (21f) of 3 years to see if I actually loved her
Is stating your expectationts 2 months into dating going "too fast"?
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away? I want her to feel my her side, but I dont know to.
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
Should I [24/M] ask someone out during this pandemic?
Is this a good text to send to a girl who I haven’t spoken to in awhile? 19M
What am I doing wrong?
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
what do you do when nearly all your friends forget about your birthday ?
Should I [20F] start dating?
My bf and my dad almost came to blows at my daughter’s kindergarten graduation parade.
I [30m] am feeling resentment toward my [27f] lazy and unmotivated fiance.
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
Am I wrong?
Should i start dating or not?
My bf broke up with me, I was mean, so I sent him this. Will he contact me?
What am I doing wrong?
Was it wrong for me [33M] to ask my friend's SO [40F] to change her resume for a job referral?
Did I [M33] do something wrong when I asked my friend's SO [40F] to change her resume?
How could i help my gf wit this problematic ?
Haven’t spoken to someone in a while is this a good text to send? 19 M
Did I do something wrong by asking my friend's SO to change her resume to refer her to a job?
My husband (25m) of 6 years was caught cheating on me (29f) and I want to forgive him but I can't trust him.
Relationship breakdown - me (44f) and husband (48m)
I (30M) have feelings for my coworker (38F) but today she told me I’m like her little brother...
Getting engaged during COVID-19
[22] Chronically emotionally immature in my relationship, resources?
Getting engaged during COVID-19
My gf (33f) of over 3 years won't sleep over out of moral obligation, despite having done so in the past
I (22M) and hurt over my girlfriend (24F) forgetting about my Christmas gift, should I get over it or tell her about it?
Me (19 nonbinary) and my parents (42F) (43M) are struggling to get along and I don't know what to do
I want my friend back what should I do?
[22] Chronically emotionally immature in my relationship, resources?
How do I (27 NB) ask my mother (67 F) who is my real father?
Am I wrong?
Religious gf (33f) won't sleep over for moral reasons despite doing so in the past.
Girlfriend’s (F23) changes how she feels about me/treats me so much that I (F22) have emotional whiplash
I want my friend back.
If my bf is still thinking about his ex
I (30M) have feelings for my coworker (38F) but today she told me I’m like her little brother...
Workplace Conflict - How to Deal
Work Conflict - What's the right reaction?
Was it my fault she ended up in prison?
Quarantine may be the last straw...
Quarantine might be the last straw for us...
How do I ask my mother who is my real father?
How do I (19/F) cope with being bullied by former friends?
Was I in the wrong, about this?
My (27M) boyfriend won't move out on his own and it's making me (26F) want to dump him for it
Me (19 M) and my brother (16 M) are growing apart from our parents.
Me (19 M) and my brother (16 M) are almost completely dissociated from our parents.
I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
I (M25) think my first relationship (of 9 years) is about to end - how do I cope without them (F25)?
What can I text to the guy I'm interested in to hang out with me? (I know it sounds dumb af)
Should I stop seeing an older man?
My girlfriend (19F) does not want to have sex with me (21M) except after marriage
I (19F) have parents (45F 46M) so manipulative and controlling that I just don't know if to actually go NC the moment I leave home
I (17m) got insecure after my girlfriend (17f) kinda implied that she’d want me to be taller
So hurt & exhausted because my partner & I (37M & 31F) have a deep sexual disconnect - can it be salvaged? How?
Me (28f) and my boyfriend (30M) are together three months but I just found out I’m pregnant!
Religion vs Relationship
The most common zodiac sign you attract? ...and repel?
I don’t have the energy for extremes
My friend [18F] asked me [18F] to rate her looks, I said she's a 3/10. Now she's upset and won't talk to me.
The most common zodiac sign you attract? ...& repel?
My Girlfriends Guy Friend
The most common zodiac sign you attract? ...& repel?
How do I approach girlfriend being defensive about her acting weird with her phone?
Girlfriend is always protective over her phone
My (33F) fiance (36M) doesn't support my desired career change
How do I (25 M) feel less hurt by wife's (25 F) friendship?
Religion vs Love?
Looking for small gifts or attentions for my [F22] boyfriend [M26]
My Girlfriends Guy Friend
Deal w insecurity issues together
My [late30sF] H (40sM) doesn't hear well, causes problems
How to respond to "nice" men that slide into dms?
Looking for small gifts or attentions for my [F22] boyfriend [M26]
I’m mad at my cousin
How to respond to "nice" men that slide into dms?
I feel like an asshole for being mad at my girlfriend over a christmas gift. Should I talk to her about it or just get over it?
Friend(26F)’s therapist gave advice against me(25F) - Should I listen?
Dealing w relationship insecurities together
Best friend for 3 years not sure what to do
I (30/F) got upset and hit my bf(34/M) and now he's being mean. Will things go back to normal or will he be like this forever?
What can I text to the guy I'm interested in to hang out with me? (I know it sounds dumb af)
Friend (26F)’s therapist gave advice to her against me (25F) - Do I listen?
My (27m) fiancee (27f) and I broke up less than two weeks before our wedding because I discovered inappropriate/explicit text messages between her and her sister's husband (32 M).
She [26F] and I [31M] took a break after a few months and are now trying to improve... advice for working on my side of this?
My insane mother won’t let me (19) go visit my boyfriend in NY after lockdown ends because I’m “mentally unwell” and not “normal” for not wanting to talk or associate with her
Not keen to criticism (20 m) me and my gf (20 f) been together for a year and a half
My bf admitted to cheating on his ex and i’m scared he’ll do it to me too.
My bf admitted he cheated on his ex and i’m scared he’ll do it to me
She [26] and I [31] took a break after a few months and are now trying to improve... advice for working on my side of this?
Deal w insecurities together
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) is the only intimate partner I've had- and that scares me.
Friend’s therapist gave advice against me - Am I emotionally manipulative?
I (30F) am having cold feet about living with my (37m) partner
My (M27) partner (M32) acts like I'm too needy for wanting physical affection.
My (22F) boyfriend (20M) didn't get me anything for my birthday.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) is the only intimate partner I've had- and that scares me.
Should I(23F) risk being disowned by my mother(52F) to be with my bestfriend(24M)?
Long distance friendship
My boyfriend (21) believes in reverse racism.
I(20F) discovered that my mother (45F) is cheating on my dad (49M)
Very weird situation
(27F) I got offended when my (34M) bf told me to do squats. Am I being too sensitive?
I (26M) got into an affair with a married woman(33F) and got out of it. What should I do now?
I [19F] started sending photos of my meals to my mum [53F] to bond with her despite our rocky relationship. Now she sees it as an expectation for everything I eat
I (F26) have relationship anxiety with my bf (M24)
My [32 F] husband [37 M] has been liking a girl's sexy pics and she has been liking his back
I (27M) was finally so close to giving up my v-card, but then COVID happened. Now it seems like it may never happen anytime soon. How can I not feel so defeated?
i cant do this anymore
My [32 F] husband [37 M] has been liking a girl's sexy pics and she likes his back
My boyfriend (26m) made a comment about my sisters and it bothered me.
I [22F] am left confused about a relationship with a guy [23M] that involved a lot of games, reverse psychology and manipulation
I (23f) think my 2 year relationship with my (27m) boyfriend came to an end through text?
My (22F) boyfriend (20M) didn't get me anything for my birthday
Looking for ideas for fathers day
How do I (23F) tell my friend (23F) that i don’t want to hangout with her friend (24F)?
I can’t hold myself together, I am so hurt and disappointed
Dealing with Gf's (22) Promiscuous Past
My bf's mom took his phone and broke us up herself. (We're both 18 in a few months. I'm graduated and he's not)
Girlfriend's Promiscuous Past
Gf's high body count
Confused about what my ex wants
Looking for ideas for fathers day
Very confused about what my ex wants
My bf's mom took his phone and broke us up herself. (We're both going to be 18 in a few months. I'm graduated and he's not)
I [21F] suggested to my SO [21M] we take a break after he disregarded our quarantine conditions. Am I in a harmful relationship, or am I just overreacting? Should I forgive him?
Very confused about what my ex wants
How do I bring this up with them?
My gf of 2.5 years ended it because she was depressed and unhappy with herself, not feeling like she was enough for me. She said she loves me more than anything and that she know's that I'm the one for her but doesn't know if this is the right time for her.
How do I bring this up with them?
I’m I being selfish for wanting to talk more ( lonely)
A guy (possibly 34M) that my GF (27F) met on her recent vacation is religiously liking all of her pics on Insta. Maybe something's up? (I'm 24M)
Is he [31M] losing interest, or am I [25F] just jumping the gun?
My (f22) mom (f50) is so toxic and controlling, it's affecting my life
Am I being selfish for wanting to talk more ( lonely)
My (23) father wants me to cut all ties with me until I leave my girlfriend (21) of 2 years because she's a Muslim.
I [21F] suggested to my SO [21M] we take a break after he disregarded our quarantine conditions. Am I in a harmful relationship, or am I just overreacting? Should I forgive him?
How do I (31M) get into another relationship, knowing it'll never be as good?
I (21M) my friend (21F) asked me a question the other day and I need it solved. Can you reddit keyboard warriors help me?
23 [F4M] Kik User
How do I (31M) get into another relationship, knowing it'll never be as good?
Argument style creating challenges for me (43F) and live in BF (51M)
My (25f) boyfriend's (27m) story doesn't add up and I think he lied to me, but I don't have definitive "proof." How do I approach this without being accusatory?
(35m) abusive Narc? Seriously what is wrong with this guy?!?!
I (18M) feel uncomfortable about my friend's (19F) dangerous driving.
How do you get into another relationship, knowing it'll never be as good?
I want to love my ex, even though I have broken up with her.
Stripes
Why is she upset?
Low libido and the rifts it causes.
Self doubt over my (27 M) worth of myself and my girlfriend (24F)
What is wrong with me?
Who doesn’t like kissing?!?
Should you tell your partner the details of cheating?
Who doesn’t like kissing?!
My gf [22 F] white said some crazy things to me [24 M] black about the cop killing George Floyd in Minnesota
Shared job that is absolutely not shared.
Self doubt over my (27 M) worth of myself and my girlfriend (24F)
I (m28) am having lots of arguements with my fiancee (f28) of 3 years about work
Shared job but my coworker refuses to talk to me.
I [22F] am left confused about a relationship with a guy [23M] that involved a lot of games, reverse psychology and manipulation
I [22F] am left confused about a relationship with a guy [23M] that involved a lot of games, reverse psychology and manipulation
How are there like is reletionship
[ADVICE] Girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me. How to I get her back?
My [M25] GF [F25] is a Covid-19 nurse and this virus is breaking us apart
How do I let my boyfriend know I want something for VDay without telling him?
[ADVICE] Girlfriend Broke up with me but I want her back
I'm having a really hard time managing my breakup
My (19M) ex (19F) left me because she thought I was cheating.
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) seems to have an issue with me masturbating no matter what.
What should I (M23) do about communication with my Ex (F20) after breaking up because of a weird situation?
I (m28) am having arguments with my fiancee (f28) about my work schedule
I am a (23F) and my mental health is slowly deteriorating due to relationship and past issues
Loving someone and not being with them
What should I (M23) do about communication with my Ex (F20) after breaking up because of a weird situation?
49(M) partner of 3 years has some red flag behavior
Me [34 F] struggling with dating. Are there any older people here that can help?
Just found out my (28m) boyfriend is an addict. Need advice.
I am (23F) and my mental health is slowly deteriorating due to toxic relationships and past issues
My gf of 2.5 years ended it because she was depressed and unhappy with herself, not feeling like she was enough for me. She said she loves me more than anything and that she know's that I'm the one for her but doesn't know if this is the right time for her.
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) gets angry over small issues
TRIGGER WARNING: What do you think of my situation?
I've never been with someone, not even kissed a guy
I(M25) am confused and worried about this girl(24) because suddenly she went cold.
My (22F) BF (24M) purposely looked up his ex's (23F) instagram account despite me asking him to restrict it.
Toxic Girlfriend? Help Me Decide!
My (26F) bfs(30M) mom buys his underwear for him
I [M] believe that my girlfriend [F] is very toxic. Can you please steer me in the right direction?
I (23f) am really tired of having the same conversations with my partner (27m)
My (26F) bf's (30M) mom buys his underwear for him
Toxic Girlfriend? Help Me Decide!
Me [20 F] & [20 M] 4 years, am I being unreasonable saying that he can't bring family to collect his things after breaking up? Because it could risk my dog's health.
Toxic Girlfriend? Help Me Decide!
My (28m) boyfriend is an addict and I didn’t know. Need advice.
Toxic Girlfriend? Please Help Me Decide!
Tips for me [25M] for hooking up with younger girls?
Can’t stop feeling in fight/flight after finding out my girlfriend has almost certainly been cheating.
My(23M) girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) doesn't like me.
24, straight, male, and a dangerous amount of dad jokes.
24, male, and a dangerous amount of silly humor.
I (23F) really like this guy (24M) but I'm moving, I don't know if I should open up to him
King of stonewalling
24 year-old male with terrible social skills, how do I tell if a girl is flirting with me?
King of stonewalling
i am 23f, my ex is 40m. he is being too clingy
My(23M) girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) doesn't like me.
I (30 M) have a [fantasy] about my girlfriend (27) teasing other guys/girls, are there others guys with similar experiences with their girlfriend?
Today my bf wrote me a letter
I (25F) am resentful towards my bf (25M) since quarantining together.
I (25F) am resentful towards my bf (25M) since quarantining together.
Why creating order is the key to achieving freedom
I (F/24) want to cut off my mother (F/58) and brother (M/18). Am I doing the right thing?
I (M22) am being lied to by my sister (F23) about her abusive ex coming back
I (M22) am being lied to by my Sister (F23) about her abusive ex coming back into her life
Been dating a guy (30m) for three months and he’s so hot and cold and I’m (27f) so confused. Do I give up?
Had an argument on my birthday 6 days ago, haven't spoken to my gf since
Had an argument on my birthday 6 days ago, haven't spoken to my gf since
My (22m) boyfriend wants a MMF threesome with me (20F) and I'm not sure how to feel about it
I 19m broke up with my girlfriend 19f in September.
M 16 and Why is it that i now like her now that shes wronged me
My (22m) boyfriend wants to have a MMF threesome with me (20F) and I'm not sure how to feel about it
Can emotional abuse ever be justified?
How do I (21F) stop caring about what my family would think if they found out who my bf (31M) is?
I(19M) need advice on a problem bothering me deep down..
I (23F) have no common interests with my boyfriend (23M) of 2 years and it's driving me nuts
Im 16 and Why is it that i now like her now that shes wronged me
I told [22F] my boyfriend [28M] about how his actions have affected me and he started crying and asks me why I like to make him sad.
Im 16 and Why is it that i now like her now that shes wronged me
Interesting...!
WWYD
I (19M) need advice on something bothering me
My [M25] Girlfriend [F25] is a Covid-19 nurse and this virus has ultimately ended our relationship
WWYD
I (23F) have no common interests with my boyfriend (23M) and it's driving me nuts
Why is it that i now like them now that theyve wronged me
Ladies, Should I (30M) forgive her?
I (23F) have no common interests with my boyfriend (23M) of 2 years and it's driving me nuts
NOT ATTRACTED TO MY WIFE
I 19m broke up with my girlfriend 19f last year.
I feel like I’m [F26] the problem but everyone including my boyfriend [M27] says I’m not.
Friends but not "best friends"
How to handle this weird situation.
How do I (20M) help my girlfriend (18F) get over her trust issues?
Am I insensitive??
My(29f) friend(26M) shares stuff about his personal life and now i suddenly want it to stop even though I had no issues till now.
My [22F] boyfriend [23M] has gained a lot of weight which has lessened my attraction towards him, he doesn’t seem bothered
My(29 F) friend (26M) shares his relationship problems with me and sometimes i wanna tell him to settle.
Breakup, new BF a week later, horrible consequences.
LOSS OF SEXUAL ATTRACTION TO MY WIFE
Me [29/M] and my SO [25/F] have been living together for 3 months after dating for 3 years, and her messiness is beginning to drive me crazy.
New BF one week after breakup, horrible consequences.
My girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) doesn't want me around.
How do I (25M) tell the girl I’m dating (24F) that the amount we’ve been communicating is not acceptable from my perspective?
Twin brother bad mouthed me to gf
Twin bro bad mouthed me to gf
Me (F18) and my bf (M17) are on a break due to his personal reasons and it makes me upset and idk why
True Love, How to Obtain It
My girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) wants to kick me out.
Porn
My friend [F36] is being a terrible friend to me [F30]. Should I confront her?
Gf has just hidden her stories from me and I don't know what to think
My 16(M) father 48(M) just demands too much and thinks the whole Earth revolves around him.
UPDATE: My[33M] Wife [31F] has a new male best friend
UPDATE:My[33M] Wife [31F] has a new male best friend
I [33 F] had a very frustrating experience with my psychiatrist [40ish F] and I need advice. Was it my fault? Is this normal?
How do I tell my Bf to stop being so clingy?
My[33M] wife [31F] has a male best friend Part 2
Partner smokes and I hate it.
My (28F) parents (60s) recently found out about my bf (35M) and they are hyper-critical. How do I approach this?
Brotherly love
Fantasizing About Other Women, Is This Normal?
I love this girl so much, what should i do, i am so worried about us.
How do I tell my Bf to stop being so clingy?
Boyfriend lied about who he was with and won't invite me anywhere
How should I (28f) handle this situation with boyfriend (33m)?
I (M18) think I'm falling in love again, but I don't know how to handle it.
Fantasizing About Other Women - Is this normal?
My now ex-boyfriend decided I wasn’t the “one” for him
Fantasizing About Other Women
My 31M girlfriend 27F wants to meet up with her family again in a short period of time.
My partner smokes and I hate it.
I [27f] am becoming uncomfortable with my fiancé’s [27m] casual, daily intake of pornographic and lewd content
My boyfriend decided I was the “one” for him
Boyfriend decided I was the “one” for him
Should I 31M tell my 27F girlfriend that I don’t want to see her family on Friday or am I being selfish?
Just an appreciation post
I [26f] am becoming uncomfortable with my fiancé’s [27m] casual, daily intake of pornographic and lewd content
We (M/21) (F/18) have different opinions on smoking, and I don’t know what to do
We (M/21) (F/18) have conflicting opinions on smoking, and I don’t know what to do
Ex text me after a few weeks, opened up a bit but then apologise for texting me.
How can I (F22) support my single best friend (F22)?
I’m in a kind of weird situation with my ex and need some advice.
Toxic “friend” (26f) won’t leave me (25f) alone?
Getting back together after a breakup in LDR?
I think my dad hit my younger brother what doi need to do
Does getting together after a break work for LDR?
Girlfriend (20F) wants to fulfill sexual fantasies but they involve cheating. Should I leave?
Idk what to do
Do men really mature late?
Girlfriend breaks up because I refused to give her a ride.
Was I (26 M) assuming?
Here's Some TEA!
I Feel Like A Failure Of A Human Being
My (20M) Girlfriend (19F) told me she kissed another guy after going out clubbing. Is this cheating?
Reddit help - am I in the right about my gf being clingy/unreasonable, or not?
I (26 m) am wrong, no matter what to my GF (21)
Girlfriend breaks up because I refused to give her a ride.
My (20f) boyfriend's (21m) unhealthy eating habits are bothering me and I don't know if I should say something
Am i being selfish or...?
I Feel Like A Failure Of A Human Being
I wanna know everyones opinion
A relationship advice from (22 m)for everyone hope you use it one day
7+ years of social fear
7+ years of social fear
I [24/F] need to decide whether I want to end things with my boyfriend [25/M]
I (21m) giving you an advice hope it benefits anyone who was or in a situation like mine
Naughty Photo got bad reaction from husband
My (17F) dad (42M) back and acts like a father and this is annoying to me
Trainwreck advice? I am less than perfect but I am trying so hard
Age gap
Need advice on space and time
I [22M] texted my ex [23F] in a lapse of judgement. Found out she's living with the guy she cheated on me with.
My bf [32M] doesn't want me [26F] contacting a close friend who is now doing time
My(27F) fiance(28M) is meeting my parents for the first time via Skype soon.
Boyfriend lied about who he was with
[32m] trying to deal with jealous issues [25f]
My 40 year friendship has gone toxic. What would you do next?
My(27f) brother(30M) is starting to say racist stuff and I'm tired of it.
I (23/F) am still in love with my abusive (25/M) bf and I am thinking of getting back.
I think my(26F) brother(30M) is racist and really want to change this.
I don’t know how to not be jealous at my boyfriends girl-friends.
My girlfriend (20f) is talking a lot to my best friend's boyfriend (23m). Should I be worried?
My (23F) Boyfriend (32M) says I’m helping him get over his ex even though they broke up in 2015?
Potentially NSFW
Should I (26M) end the relationship after 18 months with her (20F) and throw away marriage because I know I can't control my alcohol addiction rather than introduce my bad habits to our future family and a rough divorce sometime in the future?
(29m) having trouble dealing with best friend’s girlfriend’s behaviors
My girlfriend is talking to her bestfriend's boyfriend a lot. Should I be worried?
What's the best way to handle a break up?
I (M/26) feel like my girlfriend (F/27) might be gaslighting me and not even realizing it.
Im in deep shi..
NSFW
Should you keep distance with ex girlfriend?
My boyfriend(25) deleted every single picture of us on Instagram
I (M39) discovered my wife (F35) of 12 years worked as an escort when we met. How can I move past this
Im in deep shi..
My friend got broken up with by her bf of 2½ years
My (F/33) BF (M/35) keeps pushing me beyond my comfort zone in sex...
Relationship with girlfriend has changed radically and I am suffering emotionally
Me (26M) dated a married woman(unknowingly at first)(33F) and don't know what to do.
My boyfriend(25) has deleted all of our pictures on Instagram
A message to the young men of this generation (teens-early 20s) if you are kind, well-mannered, genuinely nice, don’t bother with dating. All girls/women your age want a-holes.
I can't quite figure it out
My friend just got broken up with by her bf of 2½ years
My friend just got broken up with by her bf of 2½ years
is it worth breaking up?
IS MY FWB JEALOUS OF ME GOING INTO MODELLING?
My boyfriend deleted pictures of me and of me and him off of Instagram
IS MY FWB JEALOUS OF ME MODELLING???
my boyfriend is an idiot
I (M 19) just don't know how to comfort my girlfriend (F 19) of 2 years.
I found out my wife was having a conversation about reconnecting with her ex-boyfriend.
My insane mother won’t let me (19) go visit my boyfriend in NY after lockdown ends because I’m “mentally unwell” and not “normal” for not wanting to talk or associate with her.
my boyfriend is an idiot
Should I be worried that my boyfriend(M25) asked my friend(F25) to go climbing without telling me?
My insane mother won’t let me (19) go visit my boyfriend in NY after lockdown ends because I’m “mentally unwell” and not “normal” for not wanting to talk or associate with her.
I (21F) think so am genuinely in love with this kid (21M) and I don’t know how to make it stop or if I just have to remove myself from the friendship? Everything is weird between us.
My (m17) girlfriend (f17) cheated on me and blocked me when I showed her proof
When do couples “take a break”?
If this man (29M) really liked me (24F), would the relationship be more serious after about six months of casual dating?
If a guy (20s) offers a shower when you go over for booty call, what does it mean?
How can I(F29) be the big cool sister to my younger(F25) sister
If this man (29M) really liked me (24F), would the relationship be more serious after about six months of casual dating?
How can I(F29) be the big cool sister to my younger(F25) sister
Am I crazy (35f) or is (35m) abusive, what is wrong with this guy?
My boyfriend (28M) won’t eat!
My [28M] SO [27F] has phases in our our relationship where she massively overspends. I finally confronted her and she blew up at me.
Co-Worker of mine (22F) is in a verbally abusive relationship and i’m talking to her to make sure she’s happy (18M)
Boyfriend in polyamorous relationship refuses to let me marry my girlfriend
School is in, love is out
Am I crazy (35f) or is he Abusive (35m) what is wrong with this guy?
I [26F] can't tell if this guy [25M] is still into me or not
Co-Worker of mine (22F) is in a verbally abusive relationship and i’m talking to her to make sure she’s happy (18M)
I want out of my long distance long term relationship - but I feel bad.
School is in, love is out
Co-Worker of mine (22F) is in a verbally abusive relationship and i’m talking to her to make sure she’s happy (18M)
My bf (28M) won’t eat.
My [28M] SO [27F] has phases in our our relationship where she massively overspends. I finally confronted her and she blew up at me.
My BF won’t eat
For females (~25F), is dating someone (~35M) 10 years older/or significantly older guys okay?
For females (~25F), is dating someone (~35M) 10 years older/or significantly older guys is okay?
I [20m] have been speaking with old middle/high school friend [21f] for a few months platonically while she was in a relationship. She has been single for 2 weeks. Would it be immoral for me to pursue her?
My (30F) partner (30M) used to wake me up during the night and accuse me of masturbating. It became a real sore point in our relationship, and now I only masturbate in secret.
My girlfriend [20F] of 8 months wants to take a break from a relationship with me [25]
Am I(F28) overreacting to my husband(M25) making abortion "jokes" about our new baby?
I’m (23F) leaving him (24M).
Carnegie Mellon Relationships Lab: Coronavirus Study
I’m (23F) leaving him (24M).
TL;DR I want out of my LDR but I feel bad.
(26, F) and (28,M) - Am I wrong to feel uncomfortable knowing my bf is on certain /gonewild subs?
Afraid to leave
Am I reasonable to ask my boyfriend to stay off certain reddit gonewild subs?
I want out of my relationship but I feel bad?
I (21F) want to travel for 6 months but my boyfriend (22M) doesn't want me to go. What can I do?
First Post Ever on Reddit
Bf (28m) is verbally abusive towards me (30f).
I (32M) accidentally befriended a child (13M) online. How do I move forward?
Am I overreacting to my husband making constant abortion "jokes" about our new baby?
I (32M) accidentally befriended a child (13M) online. How do I move forward?
Why would a single guy date a single mom?
I’m feeling confused about whether my partner (40m) is good for me (30f)
Relationship with deaf and mute girl
ADVICE
[UPDATE] my online friend [14F] plans on running away with a guy [18M] to canada
My boyfriend hasn’t talked to me in six weeks.
Dating a single mom
Strict Parents against Cohabitation
Should I(17m) dump what could possibly be the love of my life (16f) ?
I’ve been feeling stuck in an abusive relationship for 4 years and out of no where, the word for word description of my dream man is suddenly interested in me. How do I take advantage of this opportunity and leave my current situation?
[UPDATE] my online friend [14F] plans on running away with a guy [18M] to canada
Advice ....
Relationship with deaf and mute
Has anyone ever gotten back together with someone who was abusive in the past, and found out they had actually changed for the better?
Should I(17m) dump what could possibly be the love of my life (16f) ?
I 28f am nearly at a breaking point with my bf 30m
What to do when sexual attraction fades?
My boyfriend hasn’t talked to me in six weeks.
What to do when sexual attraction fades?
An update on me and Mauve, I could use advice on how to talk to her about not wanting to be friends if she treats me this way again
CMA: I broke up a burgeoning relationship to win a debate tournament.
What to do when sexual attraction fades?
An update on me and Mauve, I could use advice on how to talk to her about not wanting to be friends if she treats me this way again
Relationships with deaf and mute girl
Me [32 M] and my ex [26 F] of 7 years, broke up about 2 months ago.
Keeping in Touch with Former Loves
Is this a big deal?If yes, then how should i show my feelings?
Me (20M) and gf (20F) Break up over chicken stock, and I get kicked out during lockdown
Keeping in Touch with Former Loves
I (23m) don’t know how to approach a situation with someone I used to talk to (23).
Is this normal?
How hard it is for single mom to have a real relationship ?
i (20f) am having a hard time getting over someone who i considered my best friend, but he was in love with me
How hard it is, for single mom to have a real relationship ?
How do you talk about a deceased grandparent who wasn’t great but not entirely awful to their granddaughter?
I (24F) think I overheard my boyfriend (27M) talk about breaking up with me
I (23m) don’t know how to approach a situation with someone I used to talk to (23).
I [25F] haven’t met my boyfriend’s [25M] kid after 3 years.
I (23F) don't know how to manage my anger and resentment for my (60s F) mom or what to do with us
Gf (F22) is on period, I’m M24, she’s acting weird
My(21m) lack of "texting skill" is ruining all my relationships.
can a girl pm me I need help with a situation but don’t want to publicize it
My (27m) GF's (27f) ex (54m) is threatening to hurt her over a gift he wants back. What do I do?
I don't know what to do or if its even worth moving forward
GF (22) is on period, weird actions (I’m 23)
My (27m) GF's (27) ex (52m) is threatening to hurt her over a gift she won't give back. How do i deal with this?
Gf is on period
My childhood friendship of 40 years has become toxic. What should I do next?
Older brother M30s molested me F20 when I was a child. What can I do now?
My GF (27F) I (27M) have been dating for 6 months. We dated for two months back in grade 9 but I broke it off because I liked her friend at the time. I never told her why until today. She did not like hearing this. What should I do now?
bonds/connections
Was I wrong to break up with an ex gf who was only talking about her personal issues?
My (31M) SO's (28F) dog is creating a rift.
Was I wrong to break up with my ex gf who was only talking about her personal issues?
My (31M) SO's (28F) dog is creating a rift.
SO's dog is creating a rift
In love with a little person. How do I tell her?
bonds/connections
AITA for feeling offended about not receiving a heads up about meeting up?
Men, would a girl having borderline personality disorder be a dealbreaker for a relationship even if she was trying her best to manage it?
Lonely during quarantine. A weird, nerdy, single Christian [21F]
My (20f) boyfriend (22m) thinks I’m flirting with another girl and idk what to do.
Advice on getting over preoccupied/anxious attachment [24M]
Husband doesn't want to give gifts or plan romantic moments. Should I encourage him another way or stop feeling envy over others and get over it?
In love with a Little person.
Is he worth it
How to tell a friend I'm hurt by his actions??
My anxiety won’t let me tell my parents about my boyfriend, who I’ve been dating for over a year now
I (M17) smoked weed against my gf's (F17) wishes.
Am I heartless?
How do I move on?
My wife (21F) threatened to leave me (21F) because I smoke weed. Am I wrong to think she's being unfair?
I'm very sad that I'm not in love with my boyfriend anymore
Never been in a relationship (F 18)
Friend and her husband want a “third”
Have to have a convo w/ my bf about his personal hygiene and cleanliness. Can’t see him in person right now and I don’t know if I should wait to talk to him in person or just talk to him over text.
Would you break up with your boyfriend over one little lie?
Bf habits make me like him less
Was this just a really bad case of people pleasing or was he (22M) gaslighting me?
Boyfriend's religious parents found out we had sex
ex-boyfriend of 3 years sibling reached out to me today
I (17M) am trapped in a nightmare, I finally after several painful years worked up the courage to cut contact with my awful clingy friend (17F) but my mum (43F) who sees her as a daughter says I have too keep being her friend and I will be be kicked out if I try to ditch her again
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online? [18M]
Husband of 8 years never gives gifts or plans romantic moments.
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online? [18M]
gf (F18) broke initiated breakup 2 days ago, I (M18) reached out hours later and said we should rethink the breakup. Got back together, all seemed fine, but she's gone cold again?
ex-boyfriend of 3 years sibling reached out to me today
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online [18M]
I [24 F] have been stuck on hating myself ever since I gained weight, and I just need advice.
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online?
Mom refuses to give up bearded dragon
My dad is mad at me for not playing sports anymore.
My(14M) family has been treating me different after my bi polar diagnoses and it's making me feel worse.
I'm [24/M] not happy in my relationship with my GF [25/F] but I'm not sure why.
Ripe that bandaid off
How can I take dating slow?
Mom refuses to give up bearded dragon
gf (F18) broke initiated breakup 2 days ago, I (M18) reached out hours later and said we should rethink the breakup. Got back together, all seemed fine, but she's gone cold again?
Is he wrong or am I? I apologize for a lengthy post I just want a neutral persons opinion.. take the toxicity out of it and just from a normal healthy relationship POV..
I don’t trust my wife anymore and it’s ruining my marriage.
My (30M) ex-wife (29F) of 9 years. She keeps shutting me out, I don't know what to do
Meeting his family after one month
Inexperienced on going slow
Meeting his family after one month?
My [25F] boyfriend’s mother [70F] lives with us. She won’t stop making comments about what I eat and how often I eat despite me not having any issues with my health or weight.
Mother refuses to give up bearded dragon
Every look back at your dating history and just want to throw up?
Girlfriends parents
My dad is mad at me because I'm not playing sports.
My (29/F) boyfriend (29/M) said that he doesn't believe mental health should be discussed within personal relationships.
Is he wrong or am I? I know it's a toxic relationship but I really just want a neutral opinion, I apologize for a lengthy post.. just a lot that goes into explaining.
I don’t trust my wife and it’s ruining our marriage.
I [21F] don't know what to do with my relationship with my bf [24M]
I hate feeling like I’m giving this guy a hard time but I’m also sick of him and his “ex”
I hate feeling like I’m giving this guy a hard time but I’m also sick of him and his “ex”
I [21/M] am getting uneasy with the attention my girlfriend [21/F] gets on social media.
Ex girlfriend (21 F) claims to be pregnant then blocked me (21 M)
I just hurt so bad.
UPDATE: PLEASE HELP! Should I fight for this relationship or put it to bed?
I kissed my best friend/flatmate’s boyfriend. I don’t know how to repair our relationship. Please help!
UPDATE: PLEASE HELP! Should I put this relationship to bed or should I fight for it?
Lemme??
How to not be jealous of someone else
Boyfriend chooses porn over me.
My (26f) boyfriend (28m) is involved with his ex (26f) so she can get a visa
Help!! Anxious boyfriend hates phones
Dealing with a negative partner - is there hope?
How do I (18) improve communication (20) with my boyfriend of 2 months?
I think he's lying
How do I tell my boyfriend I got the job?
How can I tell my boyfriend I got the job?
Something is wrong with my [26M] sister [11F]
friends boyfriend looked at my ass in front of my boyfriend
I mistakenly kissed my best friend’s boyfriend. I don’t know how to repair our relationship. Please help!
Cheating on girlfriend
Thoughts in new relationship (23M)
How can I [18M] get therapy for my autism and social awkwardness so I don’t do anything like this again?
How to deal with a critical partner
Extent to cheating, how far
Bf (28m) is verbally abusive towards me (30f). In your experience, has this progressed into physical abuse?
People in long-term relationships (+5 yrs), how do you really feel?
My (26f) boyfriend (28) is still involved with his ex because she needs a visa
Feeling constantly rejected by girl I'm dating, should I leave?
I (30M) am falling in love with a trauma victim (27F) who needs space. Help.
How do I 21M tell my best friend 23M that I don't want to hangout due to social distancing?
How do I 21M tell my best friend 23M that I don't want to hangout due to social distancing.
Was my (23F) "friend" (29M) being rude to me?
My boyfriend is acting different
Can't get over girlfriend breaking up with me due to it being platonic.
My friends are cheating on their partners resulting in two pregnancies
Husband only finds me attractive when he’s drunk
I [30f] helped my Mom [67f] pay for her new chair. Today she paid me back and told me that it was a gift for graduation.
I am 22 yo and virgin
Help
Is it wrong to be upset for getting financial support from my bf?
I (17F) have very few friends and am on the verge of cutting off the last two (18F). Should I end the friendships?
Boyfriend (m22) is suddenly moving cross country
My (24F) boyfriend (32M) accidentally pushed me into a wall. What should I do?
Can I Reconcile This Marriage?
Am I crazy for not wanting financial support from my bf?
Am I wrong to feel/think this way in regards to money?
Can I reconcile this marriage?
Looking for advice to slowly phase a long time friend out of my life
a question
Is it cheating if you're not officially together?
Is it cheating if you're not officially together?
My GF (25F) and I (27M) Are In a Spat Over Her Pursuing a Doctorate
It came in like a wrecking ball
Why do i feel like i hate the chase but appear that i like it?
Sexually/Romantic Aggression in Husband
Lying about coming to her city..
GIFT IDEAS!! Watches for both him and her! 🔥
My (23f) bf (26m) is spiteful in really odd ways and it’s getting hard to deal with
(F20) Tired of my (19M)boyfriend’s on and off attitudes
How do I (f21) handle hanging out with his (m23) ex (f21?)?
should i (23F) just invite my dads (62M) parents (80sM/F) ?
Is there a nice way for me [32f] to ask my BF [31M] to lose weight?
(F20) Tired of my (19M) boyfriend’s on and off attitudes
Ex girlfriend
Ending a friendship of 4 years over her bf pointing a "clear' gun at me?
I (24F) have feelings for a friend (33M), but I'm not sure when I should say something to him.
ending a friendship of 4 years over her bf pointing a ''clear'' gun at me?
I (22F) lost my chance with him (24M)
My boyfriend (21M) has a 'sex group chat' with his friends and I (24F) don't want to be included
There’s a stupid reason I [25F] started disliking my BF [25M] for
The guy (21M) that I (20F) have been seeing ended things over text and now I don't know how to get closure.
Is my [30F] behavior toxic or were my ex’s [30M] criticisms out of line?
My (29/F) boyfriend (29/M) of five months has made quite a few racially insensitive remarks toward POC and then tries to pass them off as jokes even at this age.
41(M)...My View on Relationships During this Quarantine and Beyond. Lessons I Have Learned.
My boyfriend (21M) has a 'sex group chat' and I (24F) don't want to be included
Am I (20 m) A controlling boyfriend?
Age gap
Unlucky in love, sending the wrong vibes, or is something wrong w me..?
6 year diffrance
My (15F) mom (62F) is extremely strict. I honestly don’t know what to do anymore. Advice needed.
Husband said my friends are prettier than me
6 year age diffrance
My [30f] bf [36m] and I might be breaking up and I want to die
Is it worth it to stay friends with this guy?
My [30f] boyfriend [36m] and I might be breaking up and I want to die
My close Brother(22) decided to take my close friend(18f) for fun.
My little insane Brother.
My girlfriend pimps me out to men.
My girlfriend pimps me out to men.
I’m trying
How do I help my girlfriend?
Need insights on unequal friendships
An Ex That Keeps Popping Up!
Does anyone have insights on unequal platonic relationships?
How do I get over hurtful things said to me during a breakup?
My (21M) ex-gf (23F) is giving a chance but I have doubts.
Vaginismus. And a general lack of intimacy leaving me feeling undesirable.
Am I (20F) in the wrong for going behind my boyfriends (23M) back to get the air fixed?
How is everyone splitting chores when one partner works and the other doesn't?
Advice on getting over bad things said during a break up
How do I help my girlfriend?
I feel that my Boyfriend (24 M) neglects me (23 F depressed)
How to tell BF I’m uncomfortable about his questions regarding my inheritance
M (23) Dating F (24) with depression and anxiety
I (22f) want to sleep with my professor (28m) if he ends up not teaching at my university next semester but I’m scared to make a move.
I (22f) want to make a move on my professor (28m) IF he doesn’t end up teaching at my university in the fall.
My (LDR) wife likes following rules too much - haven't met in 2 months
I (18M) think my girlfriend (16F) is cheating on me (again)
How come I can’t get this girl out of my head even after 15 years?
How come I can’t get this girl out of my head even after 15 years?
Me [23F] with my mom [55F], I think we're fighting over a cross-stitch
My girlfriend is in icu and I feel helpless
Bf (24M) started neglecting me (25F) because of new friends. How to talk it out ?
Is it wrong to flirt (F30) with a guy (M26) who is very close with a girl (F30) and you know the two of them like each other but not yet official?
A woman has developed an absurd obsession for me [35M] purely over correspondence. How do I tell her to leave me alone while hurting her the least possible?
Bf (24M) started neglecting me (25F) because of new friends
Why cheat when you can be single?
Are my ex (30F) and I (26M) making a mistake in how we're handling this?
Supernatural Honey [F27] & My-Spartan-self [M26] : We LOVE & We FIGHT
How should I (25F) handle my bf (24M) new friendships ?
A woman has developed an absurd obsession for me [35M] purely over correspondence. How do I tell her to leave me alone while hurting her the least possible?
How not to sound needy?
I’m being controlled
Is it wrong to flirt (F30) with a guy (M26) who very close with a girl (F30) and you know that the two of them like each other but not yet official?
How do I stop hoping he will come back?
Me [17M] made comment on my girlfriend [6 months into relationship] [16F] body that she did not like and I don’t know how to make her feel better
How do I stop hoping he’ll come back?
Goodbye, kisses
Am I (20F) in the wrong for going behind my boyfriends (23M) back to get the air fixed?
I (24M) think my cousin (18M) is in danger of throwing his potential away. Should I talk to him or let him make his own choices?
Im HIV+ and my fiance wants to stop using condoms.
Very creepy/cringy man, what to do!
homophobic friend vs gay teen
Any happy endings without the ex?
homophobic friend vs gay teen
Husband (23M) has been paying for girls only fans.
I told her I like her but she said she needs more time and does not feel the same right now.
How to deal with the pressure
Telling about my sexual anxiety to the father of my ex
Should I [17M] DM her [17F] or not?
Telling my sexual anxiety to the father of my ex
25 F Canada
Should I [17M] DM her [17F] or not?
Is kissing an ex "too soon" a thing ? (I'm 27M she 25F)
Should I DM her or not?
Im HIV+ and my fiance wants me to stop using condoms.
Post breakup being exxagerated by isolation of covid. Sexually frustrated, socially starved, completely alone. Any advice?
Is kissing an ex "too soon" is a thing ? (27M)
My husband (23M) of 2 years has been paying for girl’s onlyfans
Am I being over emotional or my partner is losing interest in me?
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) seems like he doesn’t want to spend time with me anymore.
I'm[18F] in a friends with benefits relationship with my ex[18M] but we both still have feelings for eachother
Talking about sexual anxiety to the father of my ex girlfriend.
I told her I like her but she said she needs time and right now does not feel the same.
Am I(29M) being manipulated or am I just paranoid?
Is this rude?
Please read, a complicated reddit and family problem
Would you be jealous or insecure if your partner/spouse says you’re not as attractive as previous partners?
I [28F] have been told I'm too "picky" with friends and dates
Pregnant Ex-Girlfriend - I (ex bf) don't want a child, she's keeping but says I don't have to be involved.
Girlfriend wont let me game
Insensitive Roommate? (Thanks covid)
My husband is paying for girl’s onlyfans, even the girls I know.
Am I (23f) being to harsh on my sister's (17f) relationship?
Goodbye, kisses
I am attracted to my fiancé’s best friend.
How do you know if a relationship is worth saving or not?
My mom thinks I slept with my friends dad
I am attracted to my fiancé’s best friend.
Am I (23f) being too harsh on my sister's (17f) relationship?
My (19M) gf (17F) was traumatized by a pedophile when she was a kid and i’m trying to help
How do I [21F] get my boyfriend [22M] back?
I (40f) keep "forgetting" all the crappy things he does (41m) and it's like we just agree to carry on....how do I stop this cycle?
I 21F asked my 28M boyfriend to surprise me more, is this unreasonable?
Is this consider cheating? Should I leave my husband?
I'm [21m] really tired of the sexism in my workplace. Don't know what to do.
Fiancée ignoring our wedding agreements
Pregnant Ex-Girlfriend - I (ex bf) don't want a child, she's keeping but says I don't have to be involved.
How to talk out to a abusive person who refuses to listen...
I (M22) want my ex-girlfriend (F22) back, but how should I make a move?
My (29 F) heart breaks that my ex(29 M) is not doing so well and I don't know how to stop Internalizing the guilt.
My (29 F) heart breaks that my ex(29 M) is not doing so well and I don't know how to stop Internalizing the guilt.
How to talk out to a abusive person who refuses to listen...
My (F23) boyfriend (M26) asked me to dress up then left for a run.
What should I do?
My (29 F) heart breaks that my ex(29 M) is not doing so well and I don't know how to stop Internalizing the guilt.
I (20M) don't know what I did wrong
How to talk out to a abusive person who refuses to listen...
My (F23) boyfriend (M26) left for a run after asking me to dress in a role play costume.
How to talk out to a abusive friend who refuses to listen...
My boyfriend left for a run after asking me to dress up in a role play outfit.
were both kids and live on opposite sides of the world but.. how can i help my friend? (REPOST)
My online friend (21f) is draining me (20f) emotionally (TW)
Wife give dangerous materials to our baby.
Why do guys love skinny woman so much???
I 21F asked my 28M boyfriend to suprise me more, is this unreasonable?
How Important is Sex?
Losing love after losing weight
Social media friend with your spouse or naw?
I (21m) don't want anything to do with my grandmother (70's?f)
Men of Reddit I need your honest and brutal opinions. Do you always compliment a girl if you like her back?
How Important is Sex?
My online friend (21f) is draining me (20f) emotionally (TW)
Fiance Messaged old BF and hid it from me
I 21F asked my 28M boyfriend to suprise me more, is this unreasonable?
Can’t get over the porn and obscene group chats I found in new [26M] boyfriend’s phone
[Academic] Interpersonal relationships in the workplace (full time or part-time workers 18+)
Has my [33M] flatmate and good friend [33M] acted badly, or am I massively over reacting?
A Question about the Importance of Sex in a Relationship
I (28m) just realized my house is 95+ because my roommate (30f) has been blasting the oven for an hour during a heat wave.
Parents are controlling me (20F)
Is this a strange Snapchat to receive from girlfriend 24F?
Buy Adderall, Buy Ritaline, Vyvanse Online , Buy Suboxone Online, Buy Actavis prometh with codein cough syrup. Whatsapp: +1 619 752 4164
I [28F] have been told I'm too "picky" with friends and dates
Found obscene images in boyfriend’s phone- can’t seem to feel secure or trusting afterwards
We cannot agree on which town we are going to move to and it is destroying our relationship. How can we resolve this? F(23) and M(31)
I’m trying to reconnect with someone but their life is messy and I think they’re being abused. What do I do?
Close
Idk what to do
My (26M) girlfriend (23F) called me boring and a coward for refusing to have sex in public places
Has my [33M] flatmate and good friend [33M] acted badly, or am I massively over reacting?
My (26M) girlfriend (23F) called me boring and a coward for refusing to have sex in public places
What should I do?
I (28m) just realized that my house is 90+ degrees because my roommate (30f) has been blasting the oven for an hour during a heat wave.
Parents are controlling me (20F)
I’m scared to say I want a divorce
How can I [25M] deal with feeling down because I still have to wait until fall so I can find a cute tiny, boyish, Chinese girlfriend?
How to politely end a friendship when you're the toxic one?
I have realized I will never trust my boyfriend. I have had a lifetime of increasingly severe trust issues. I don't know how to, or if I should, end my otherwise loving relationship.
I don't know want type of relationship she (f23) wants with me(m22)?
My [26m] overbearing parents are really upsetting me
30m who is in poor health guilt tripping me 22f and not speaking to me after a short fling I feel bad
My partner has started to scare me and I need to end my relationship but I don’t know how.
My girlfriend is in icu and I feel helpless
My girlfriend has been very sick and I don't know how to help her
Husband said my friends are prettier than me
Can't trust bf (30m) anymore - end things or not?
I (22F) want to break up with my boyfriend (21 M), but I'm scared of being all alone during corona?
Why am I (19, f) more upset over my ex (19, M) and I breaking up than the death of my mother?
30m I was seeing who is dying is guilt tripping me 22f
Why did my on and off again boyfriend come back to me if he has been thinking badly of me for many years? Why did he keep coming back to me? What's going on here? Am I overreacting?
If your significant other throws things at you out of anger, is one time too many?
How do I[23M] MOVE ON from my cheating ex[20F]?
My mom is trying to get back together with a man who is no good and it’s making me resent her
To Hookup or not to Hookup?
I (M21) met a girl (F20) on a dating app and now she believes that I misled her.
Your significant other throws things at you out of anger; is one time too many?
when the spade work pays off.
I’m the girl every boy wants to fuck, but I’m also the girl no boy wants to date
To Hookup or Not To Hookup?
I (M21) met a girl (F20) on a dating app and she now thinks I misled her.
(22m) Is paying my ex (23f) back $100 she gave me the right thing to do?
Is paying my ex back $100 the right thing to do?
I(20M) am having trouble reconnecting with my friend(19F)
How do I [29F] open up to the one that got away [29M]?
How can I (24F) stop feeling guilty (24M) whenever I spend time with friends instead of him?
My mom is messing with a no good man who she knows I don’t like and it’s making me resent her.
I(20M) am having trouble reconnecting with my friend(19F)
The girl, the distance and the question. Does she see me as more than a friend?
Is this considered cheating?
Am I cheating?
Person (F20) I met online thinks I (M21) wronged her
How do I (24F) stop feeling guilty for not always wanting to see my boyfriend (24M)?
How do I (24F) stop feeling guilty for not wanting to spend all my time with my bf (24M)?
My (25F) boyfriend's female friends are very friendly.
I (M21) met this girl (F20) on a dating site and now she thinks that I have wronged her after telling her that I don't want a relationship at this stage in life.
My (25) boyfriends (25) female friends are very friendly.
Talking to a girl(F20) from a dating app who thinks I(M21) wronged her
Need some ideas to spice up the sex life!
Mother (50s) thinks I don't respect her enough, while I (F20) simply can't forgive her
How do I[23M] get justice towards my cheating ex girlfriend[20F] for the emotional pain?
Talking to a girl from a dating app
How do I[23M] get justice towards my cheating ex girlfriend[20F] for the emotional pain?
Mother (50s) thinks I don't respect her enough, while I (F20) simply can't forgive her
Tips for me [25M] pursuing younger girls [over the aoc]?
My (23F) parents (53M, 45F) are abusive, I am devastated but still feel ungrateful.
Can't trust bf (30m) anymore - end things or not?
How can I (21) help my girlfriend (18) open up about her issues while she 'finds herself'?
Lonely 😔
people who have been in on again off again relationships....
How do I (m 25) get the girl I like (f 21) to be more interested in me?
I see NM in my future, partner is unsure.
How do I (m 25) get the girl I like (f 21) to be more interested in me?
Lonely 😔
How do I get the girl I like to be more interested in me?
Girlfriend keeps getting jealous over social media
Where to Draw a Line Between Supportive and Controlling?
I’m not attracted to my partner at all anymore and almost feel repulsed by him at times. I feel guilty and am not sure what to do
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] is more of an extrovert than me and wants to see me more often than I see him. Not sure what the best way to navigate through this is
GF doesn’t respond to my texts or responds with one word answers.
GF doesn’t respond to my texts or responds with one word answers.
Happiness
How to address commitment issues/relationship anxiety when already in a relationship
dad had a go at me (M35) for being girlfriendless...
I (26M) found out that my fiancee (28f) is watching video of her ex
How do I (F24) keep the door open (M27)?
How do I (F24) keep the door open (M27)?
I [27 M] asked gf [24F] (7 months duration) if we can chat less per day. Things were misunderstood. can you guys help please ?
I (28M) have found my (24F) talking with a past abuser.
my dad had a go at me (M35) for being girlfriendless..
Friend and his father are very cunning and toxic. How to deal with their behaviour?
I (28M) have recently found my girlfriend (24f) talking to an abuser from her past
My girlfriend [31F] cheated on me [28M] a year ago, and I still think about it every day
Staying in contact with your exe’s kids after a breakup?
Guy (30M) I'm (24F) seeing seems to openly talk about other women in a way that I don't particularly like. Advice?
How can I improve my(22f)intimacy with my boyfriend(32m)?
Is it possible to let go of someone but still hold love for them?
My [25m] girlfriend [26f] is still close friends with her now gay ex. This still disturbs me.
Im lowkey jealous ?
My [25M] girlfriend [26F] is still in the same circle of friends with her ex, but her ex is gay now. I'm still disturbed by it.
I [20F] am emotionally dependent on my bf [21M] and have anxiety from our relationship.
Should I talk to someone
I (F30s) am finding myself getting increasingly frustrated over the fact my husband (m30s) won't stick with exercising and I feel caught between being feeling like an asshole and being justified in my annoyance.
I [20F] am emotionally dependent on my bf [21M] and am unsure how to deal with breaking up
Boyfriend (26M) forgot about my (24F) important appointment
My (45F) mother had an emotional affair, and might be getting catfished. I (18F) don’t know what to do.
My partner (M28) is moving out, a decision we both agreed on, but I (F28) am now pregnant and feeling a little abandoned.
Neighbor's father is a very cunning person, how do I deal with him?
Long-distance bf (26M) sounds like he's going to break up with me (23F)
I'm unhappy with how my (24 F) boyfriend (26M) treats me, but he won't listen to me for long enough for me to get my point across.
Does my (27M) girlfriend (28F) get jealous too easily or am I actually wrong?
Boyfriend refuses to break up and I can’t ask him to leave
I miss having a gf.Someone I could tell my problems and feelings.Someone who gets it and doesnt judge you.I need a hug rn
Boyfriend refuses to leave in the middle of the pandemic
I (25 M) am struggling with the upcoming marriage of my (25 F) fiancé
[17M] and [16f JW] Help, Complicated situation.
I [F25] don't want to stop wearing a necklace I got from my ex. SO [M26] keeps asking me to take it off
I know I should leave, but I can’t make myself
[17M] Dating [16F JW] Complicated situation, Need Advice
Said he only likes the idea of me??
17m dating a JW, 10 months so far, I need some serious advice.
I (24F) can’t tell if my relationship with my bf (26M) is over, if I am in love with my best friend (24M), or if I am making it all up in my head.
I (25 M) am struggling with the upcoming marriage of my (25 F) fiancé
I (29F) already have doubts about whether or not my relationship with (29M) is going to survive after we move.
I (23M) need some serious advice with (35F) GF of 1yr
(F/19) My bf (M/19) disregards my feelings and anything that bothers me. How can I fix things?
Where to Draw a Line Between Supportive and Controlling?
My bf disregards my feelings and anything that bothers me
My boyfriend (M 27) and I (M 26) have to choose which of us will live with our mutual best friends
What to do...
Relationship Matters: Personality and Relationship Behaviour
My (23f) boyfriend (27m) did something he said he wouldn’t?
My[M19] girlfriend [F19] just keeps getting jealous.
Would you date someone who has different stance on abortion?
My boyfriend won’t buy me flowers
How do you repair a bridge you burned?
I am an incredibly heavy sleeper and my girlfriend is getting annoyed when I do not wake up to help her at night
How do you rebuild a bridge you burned?
My girlfriend (24f) is getting mad at me because I (25m) am unable to wake up at night
How do I (27f) get my dad to stop commenting on my body.
Had to repost cuz no tldr
Should I stay with my (21M) girlfriend (20F) for cheating early in the relationship?
I (M20) miss my ex (F24) of 4 years. We broke up four days ago and I want to just call her and just fight for what we had, should I just let it go?
Help in processing death of someone (I think) I loved?
My [F23] coworkers continuously imply that I’m am less intelligent than them, and their jokes and general attitude regarding my intelligence is affecting my working relationships.
(26F) My boyfriend didn’t let his exes pay for a single thing but I’ve paid for most things in our rs. My petty ass is feeling upset.
My [F23] coworkers continuously imply that I’m am less intelligent than them, and their jokes and general attitude regarding my intelligence is affecting my working relationships.
How do I (30f) help my husband (35m) do anything?
Are drinking habits important in LTR?
Glo up after a breakup
Glo up after a breakup
My girlfriend(21/F) has hurted my(m/21) feelings and I dont know how to act on it.
I (23F) confided in a pair of my friends (23 F, 26 M) about problems with my boyfriend (24 M). They kicked him out of their wedding party as a result and won't speak to him. Everything is really awkward now. Help!
Glo up after a breakup.
Struggling with a breakup....
Should I pursue this relationship?
My girlfriend(20F) fell out of love with me (20M)
My (24F) husband (24M) doesn't do the dishes and it makes me unreasonably angry
My ex F(18) and I M(18) are hanging out after she just broke up with me.
uncomfortable with roommate(25f) bringing home guests to stay overnight
Why do I (f18) always seem to attract older men?
Girlfriend(F/21) has hurted my(m/25) feelings and I dont know how to act on it
I (30F) don’t know if I’m insane buying a house and moving my (28F) partner I’m after lockdown
wow
I had a strong attraction coming across an ex, and I can’t understand these feelings.
How do I (30f) motivate my husband (35m) to do anything?
How to stop letting other people determine my self-worth?
My Family is Strictly Agains My(20) Girlfriend(19)
How to stop letting other people determine my self-worth?
I blocked my ex, after he ghosted me .. twice. Am I doing the right thing?
What should I (19M) do about my girlfriend (23F) that is mad at me for quitting a job that I hate and has caused me emotional stress?
Is something seriously wrong with me if I enjoyed an experience where I was technically raped? (20M, 20F) Do I have an obligation to report it?
I don’t know if I’m capable of loving anyone
I blocked my ex, after he ghosted me .. twice. Am I doing the right thing?
My(20 F) family is a mess and I am at lost
UPDATE: Am I [25M] crazy for being suspicious of my gf's [23F] feelings towards a co-worker [40sM]?
I don’t think I’ve ever had a friend
I'm (F/24) not sure how to process a comment my BF (M/26) made about my body
My (35M) boyfriend is not being gentile enough during sex even though I (24F) make it a point to ask him to
Boyfriend (23M) deleted my (22M) pictures cause of a fight
I'm (F/24) not sure how to process a comment my BF (M/26) made about my body
Unsure of feeling towards recent ex(m25) after i(f25) discovered virtual cheating?
Should my boyfriend (19) and I (18) split up before I go to college?
My(25M) boyfriend doesn't listen when I (24F) ask him to be more gentile during sex.
Should my boyfriend and I split before college?
Do I cut my husband off?
Dealing with someone who is dismissive avoidant
Do I cut my husband off?
What to do...
My boyfriend won’t have sex with me- HELP
How do I [25f] handle partners [25m] acceptance of verbal abuse from parents
My boyfriend won’t have sex with me- HELP
I (20F) feel pity towards my dad (58M) who is an abusive alcoholic.
My family (specifically my mom) doubts me on everything I try to do.
I (20F) feel pity towards my dad (58M) who is an abusive alcoholic. Non-Romantic
It feels like my (19F) mom (40f) doubts & holds me back on everything I try do
My (18F) is making me confused
New Neighbor Shakes the Place, need advice! 24 F
My (21m) GF's (22f) cat just died and instead of coming to me for support or help she chooses to distance herself from me and it feels incredibly bad what should I do?
Neighbor shakes the place! Help me 24F.
Neighbor Problems! Help me (24F)!
I (22M) don't know what she (22F) thinks about me.
We’re both kids and live on opposite sides of the world but,, i want to help my friend
I (22M) don't know what she (22F) truly thinks about me.
What are some reasons I should NOT confront my ex?
Caught Husband With Ex
My [M20] Parents [F35] [M40] cut off my counselling, and are possibly threatening me, if I ask for help to any colleges
How can I (21F) tell my boyfriend (20M) about my health problem?
I (20F) feel pity towards my dad (58M) who is an abusive alcoholic.
Please help me
My Family isn’t supporting me with my girlfriend.
Meet a guy who is in an open relationship, im interested but how do I confirm he is telling me the truth
She told me wasnt into me anymore
I (m17) cant figure out how to converse and as a result cant foster relationships anymore, what do I do?
Caring is it necessary to get a like
Does it get better? Long distance relationship ended after 2 and half years. M28
Is caring necessary to get a like in return
Am I being trolled?
How do I (21F) cut off a friend the right way?
Am I (20 M) a controlling BF to my GF (20 F ) ?
Boyfriend of 5 years has doubts over long term future, but our current relationship is amazing.
(F24) and (M23) - Problems over boyfriend's female co-worker. I don't know what to do!
Is age an issue ?
My (22F) boyfriend (24F) cheated on me early in our relationship
Is age an issue ?
My (22f) boyfriend (22m) won’t meet me because I’m a nurse
Is age really an issue?
My (22F) boyfriend (22m) won’t meet me after >2months of not seeing each other because I’m a nurse
Am I (20M) A controlling Boyfriend to my (20F) Girlfriend ?
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) cheated on me early in our relationship
I (M38) just started dating again and people think I haven't been single for long enough
Please help me out. The situation I am in is a mess and I am unable to figure out right from wrong
Ex fiancée(f26) broke up with me(m27) because she caught me watching porn
My ex fiancée broke up with me because she caught me watching porn
I highly dislike my mom(45F) and I think she's toxic and acts absurdly at times
I (F 26) need to move out. My father( M 76)will probably follow me and try and make me come home.
I'm (M38) just out of a relationship, why is it so hard to understand that I'm already over it?
I highly dislike my mom
Have you ever had commitment issues? did you overcome them?
I Created a Tool for my LDR and to Help People Like Me [M/31]
I(f25) am planning on moving out from my parents house, I don't have skills or much work experience. I live with my dad(m75) and mother (f62). I'm sure he will follow me or try and get me to bring me home by force.
I Created a Tool for my LDR and to Help People Like Me [M/31]
Am I overreacting about having a house guest that may or may not be actually staying with us?
What does it mean when someone researches you?
Is it normal to highly dislike your mom?
I (20F) am starting to feel like my relationship with my boyfriend (20M) has become toxic and that he doesn’t respect me, especially in the bedroom. Should I end things?
ENFP married to ISTJ. Trouble anyone?
Have you overcome commitment issues? If so, please help me understand.
Did I screw up this relationship at an irreparable level?
People who have had partners with commitment issues, or been the one with commitment issues, advice please
I (19 F) struggle to get along with my boyfriend’s (19 M) mom and it’s making me more anxious
I (32M) tried fixing things with my crush (30F) and create a friendly atmosphere between us, and I think I just made it worse
(UPDATE) Still Bothered By Something Boyfriend Said Years Ago, Need Perspective
I Created a Tool for my LDR and to Help People Like Me [M/31]
What to do when both in a relationship are so busy!
Am I stupid?
Am I in the wrong here? And is this message to her good?
Am I just being insecure?
I'm (m19) supposed to move in September with my gf (f19) for university and I am considering asking about taking it to the next stage, thoughts on this?
My (21f) long distance boyfriend (22m) of a year and a half has difficulty opening up about his feelings and has gone no contact
I'm (m19) supposed to move in September with my gf (f19) and I am considering asking to take it to the next stage maybe this time next year, thoughts on this?
Just got out of a 2 year unhappy relationship but I just met this guy and I kinda like him
I avoid my family while visiting them because I am ashamed of my weight gain (particularly with my sister)
Am I just being insecure?
My (f28) mother (f68) is working herself to death
I finally met my Covid-19 'boyfriend' (26M) and he is NOT what I (23F) expected
I just got out of a 2 year relationship but I really like this guy
I’m scared of drifting apart from my best friend
I’m scared of drifting apart from my best friend
21(F) worried about future relationship with 22(M) boyfriend when I move away for uni
i (nb26) want to cut off my family even though my grandfather just died
I am (M19) bothered by my new girlfriend's (F19) past, and i don't exactly know why.
What should we do to wisely go through this busy period for both? [F/19,M/18]
Was this a good idea?
Me (M19) bothered by my girlfriend's (F19) past, and i don't exactly know why.
I (24F) have been in a relationship with a guy (23M) for 7 months. He has convinced me he is not into porn but tonight I caught him.
I am (M19) bothered by my girlfriend's (F19) past, and i don't exactly know why.
I'm struggling to share my opinions with my boyfriend without feeling like they're invalid
I am bothered by my girlfriend's past, and i don't exactly know why.
How to motivate my SO? She becomes so pessimistic at times :(
I (24f) have been in a relationship with a guy (23m) for awhile. He has convinced me he does not watch porn but I caught him tonight.
Need Advice on what to do
I’ve (24f) been in a relationship for a while with a guy (23m). He has convinced me he does not watch porn but I caught him tonight.
My boyfriend (m21) told me that my (f18) smoking is a deal breaker.
Husband (40M) left me (35F) but insists we play it cool in fron of the family and keep living together for our children's sake - Also I don't know how to tell my mom
NSFW Advice on helping my boyfriend become more dominant
I’m [27F] becoming less attracted to my new boyfriend [29M] due to our height difference. Am I being too shallow?
Pretty sure we were drugged
I (f16) don't know how to feel about how my father (m 70) uses his wealth around the family
Things have been tough between my (18M) mom (43F) and I recently.
Not understanding girl’s signals
My boyfriend and my best friend has been chatting constantly for 2 days.
My boyfriend is now talking to my best friend
I [F20] just got out of a three relationship with my boyfriend [M22] and I feel guilty
I (M21) met a girl (F22) on Tinder, after we slept together her boyfriend called.
My friend [14F] is running away with another guy [18M]
Fiance waits for me to fall asleep so he can masturbate
I (17F) am confused whether to un-friend my close friends (18Fs) over a seemingly trivial issue. ..
Boyfriend (25M) moved away for a job a month ago and now he’s too busy to talk to me (23F) most of the time.
Fiance is masturbating while I'm asleep...
Boyfriend has a trading addiction
probably cringe post about my [22F] ex [20M] but i wanted to vent and im curious if anyone feels the same way, or if anyone has advice for me if what i feel is irrational and will hurt me later
I [F20] just got out of a three year relationship with my boyfriend [M22] and I need help
Am I (25 M) breaking up with my GF (22 F) for unfair reasons?
I told my mum my boyfriend raped me
probably cringe post about my [22F] ex [20M] but i wanted to vent and im curious if anyone feels the same way, or if anyone has advice for me if what i feel is irrational and will hurt me later
I (17F) am confused whether to un-friend my close friends (18Fs) over a seemingly trivial issue...
Probably cringe post about my ex but i just want to know if theres anyone out there that feels the same way regarding someone they're in love with
I (17M) want to block my friends
Did I do the right thing?
Am I [25M] breaking up with my GF for unfair reasons? [22 F]
Girl(22)Guy(27) Attraction and phone sex
Long distance blunder- whos fault?
Should I block my friends?
Dumper ex wants to be friends despite me being at fault mostly for the breakup
My mom (57 F) is driving me (29 F) crazy
My (F25) Father (60s) does not approve of my boyfriends (M24) career... He passes passive aggressive comments about him not having a "real job" and I can't help but feel he is jealous..
Help me put sense to this long distance blunder
My [23/F] friend has decided to marry her [22/M] boyfriend but I think she's making a mistake
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) keeps lying about his sexual fantasies and would not want me to have the same fantasies or do the same things he does
My [23/F] friend has decided to marry her [22/M] but I think she's making a mistake
I (30m) think I am going to be single for the rest of my life.
Girl(22)Guy(27) attraction and phone sex
My (26M) fiance (25f) needs a hobby.
We’re (35M and 28F) fine when we’re alone, but socialising with anyone causes huge problems
Boyfriend (M 26) speaks about me disrespectfully behind my (F 22) back?
she cheated on me. m(13) f(13)
she cheated on me.
My boyfriend (23M) slapped me (23F) and thinks I’m being dramatic about it now I don’t know how to feel
I (30m) think I am going to be single for the rest of my life.
Attraction and sex
Are people who aren’t happy for me [27M] still my friends?
I [20/f] am pregnant with my ex [20/M]. I have no idea what to do.
My boyfriend (23M) slapped me (23F) and is making me feel like I’m dramatic for being upset and now I don’t know how to feel I really need help
Are people who aren’t happy for me and my new SO still my friends?
My [26F] mom [58F] is very much obsessed with my fiance [27M] after she overheard in a video call that he would date her after seeing her younger pics
Advice on serious boyfriend (28M) seeing my (25F) natural introversion as negative and something I need to "fix".. quarantine is crushing me
Advice on serious boyfriend (28M) seeing my (25F) natural introversion as negative and something I need to "fix".. quarantine is crushing me
Advice on serious boyfriend (28M) seeing my (25F) natural introversion as negative and something I need to "fix".. quarantine is crushing me
My boyfriend (23M) slapped me (23F). Am I being dramatic?
I am stuck.
Was it rude of me (26F) to buy more expensive items for my BF (26)
Should we get back together?
Getting back together?
My (18/f) friend's (19?/m) depression has been negatively affecting me, and I don't know if he's treating me poorly or I'm overreacting.
Ex is offering me money- that I think I have a right to?
What does a toxic relationship look like to you?
My (29M) wife (29F) says she's angry at me because I am angry at her (when I'm not)
26f can't form relationships with others and my attempts have left me feeling lonely
(Update) my (25f) roommate (25f) has her boyfriend (24m) over too much. We’re both single moms. Everything hit the fan once I talked to her and I just need to kick her out now but what about the kids?
Don’t know how to approach this situation
My SNS person giving me the feelss
My SNS person giving me the feelss
I(19M) am having trouble connecting with my girlfriends(24F) friends.
(28 F) Roommate is controlling my (27F) oven access
SNS Person giving me the feeelss.
How did you convince your partner to take you out somewhere more fancy?
Fiance (27M) has become increasingly lazy over the past few months and I(26F) feel increasingly resentful
My family’s reaction when I found out I lost my virginty
SNS person
Should I (27F) spend my Birthday money, or save it?
Mom has no common sense and everything is my friends fault
How can I be there for someone who feels alone?
my [16f] friends [16f] and [19f] have not responded to my messages for a long time
Dating tips during the quarantine or shortly after
Opposite sex friendships
You don’t have to click I just wanted to put this out there
You don’t have to click just wanted to put this out there
How can I be supportive for someone that feels like no one is there for them?
My partner M[34] doesn't take any responsibility for his life and is always a victim. It is stressing me [F33] out but he won't recognise the faults his behaviours have in our relationship.
Is my marriage over? F30 married to M30, three kids and five years later. Husband has video game addiction.
Boyfriend [18M] thinks I [19M] don't love him because he thinks affection = love, and being busy or arguing = a lack of it. What should I do?
My ex (21) reached out to me asking if I (19F) wanted to hang, but I can’t tell if he has ghosted or not.
Is my marriage over? F30 married to M30 for almost five years, three children. Please help.
My bf (23m) and I (23f) are having trouble with our career goals
My (24M) gf (23F) doesn’t seem to want to be around me
Is it okay to question?
Should I tell my boyfriend I was sexually assaulted after he kicked me out one night for being a drunk mess???
Anxiety about a new crush
Cold feet or something worse?
My partners [34M] lack of personal responsibility and tantrums are stressing me [33F] the fuck out!
Cold feet or something worse?
My (24M) gf (23F) doesn’t mind not seeing me
Should I swipe on my (21F) ex (22M)?
Just got broken up with
I (26f) am worried my partner (36m) of 1 year is being emotionally abusive
Bf (26 M) of 3 years wont talk to me (29 F) after I said he has no right to force me to workout, quoting that he wont “care about me from now on”
My[18 M] ex[17 F] and friend’s ex pulled up to my friend and I while we were hanging with our other friends after a month of not talking?
My [34M] friend [30F] is a bitch sometimes...
I'm (25 F) not sure if my relationship with my boyfriend (30 M) of a year is toxic or not
Help! My Family is Falling Apart
I'm [26m] pretty sure I want kids but my GF [25f] absolutely doesn't
What's his deal?
My ex F(18) and I M(18) are hanging out after she just broke up with me.
not satisfied by my (26M) bf
Lingering Resentment
I (M25) want closure about something that may have contributed to my recent breakup with my girlfriend (F26) of 3 years, but I’m not sure if it’ll make anything better
To married/engaged folx: did your getting married/becoming engaged end any of your friendships? How did you deal with it?
Help! My Family is Falling Apart
Lingering Resentment
I [27/F] can't tell if I have attraction issues with my [27/M] boyfriend of 7 months or if I have any other underlying issues.
I (28f) feel torn on a decision about my 9 1/2 year relationship with my partner (27m)
Help me (28f) get over my extremely sensitive nature.
My (25M) ex girlfriend (F25) of 5 years cheated on me, how to get over breakup anxiety
Why am I (28f) so sensitive?
Did my girlfriend send a text meant for someone else to me?
My (F22) boyfriend's(M21) brother(M23) smells really bad
my best friend (19 F) is in an awful relationship
My boyfriend said another girls actions were cute and doesn't understand why it's making me upset
My best friend (19 F) is in an awful relationship
my best friend (19 F) is in an emotionally abusive relationship
My ex (21) reached out to me asking if I (19F) wanted to hang, but I can’t tell if he has ghosted or not.
I figured out the cure to my lonleyness .
My husband (M33) won't talk to me (M31) since having an abortion.
I want to enjoy kissing. Are we doing something wrong?
Fat wife/unhappy husband
My (F20) boyfriend (M22) said he would have sex with my childhood friend (F21)
My [30/M] roommate and good friend [28/M] is accusing me of getting his dog deathly ill
I [17M] JUST GOT REJECTED BY MY BEST FRIEND [17F] AND I COULDN’T BE HAPPIER!
My (F22) boyfriend's(M21) brother(M23) smells really bad
I [17M] JUST GOT REJECTED!
Should I (27F) give another chance to my ex (27M)
I (28F) do not want to attend my grandmother's funeral
How do I enjoy kissing? Am I doing something wrong?
I'm very picky when it comes to girls physical appearance and is limiting me so much that I feel like I'm never going to fall in love again
My husband (M33) won't talk to me (F31) since having an abortion.
My (F20) boyfriend (M22) said he would have sex with my childhood friend (F21)
I (22F) feel like my relationship with my bf (24M) of 4 years is at a crossroads and I don’t know what to do
My 28F husband 29M does not want to go to my bestfriend’s 29F wedding due to COVID19
I want to enjoy kissing; not just the idea of it
To give a 2nd chance or not to
My (27F) boyfriend (29M) never responds when we get into fights
My (20F) parents (55M/55F) hate my boyfriend (23M) and my boyfriend hates my parents. I feel so caught in the middle.
Will my (F22) situationship with a fuckboy (M22) change? Should I end it? Or hold onto hope now that things have changed (college graduate/covid)
Trying to break your bond
toxic relationship - am i in the wrong?
Me [32 M] with my SO [28 F] 5 years, is a narcissist with depressive tendencies who has been taking anti depressants for a while. but we both emigrated to canada, and her mental health situatio with me in the position of " support" has left me financially destitute and her in a better position.
Obese wife/unhappy husband
I (22F) feel like my relationship with my bf (24M) of 4 years is at a crossroads and I don’t know what to do
Will my(F22) situationship with a fuckboy (M22) change? Is it worth staying?
How can i [23F] get closure when I’m not sure why he left
2/3 days of fighting..
2/3 days of fighting...
Situationship help?
Confusing signs!
My [19m] boyfriend [22m] hates that I do *certain* drugs. I think he's being unreasonable. Help me navigate this.
What's the best way for me(27/f) to ask an ex(m/32) about a long distance relationship?
Should I (35M) end something for her (35F) own good?
Someone tell me if I’m in the wrong here...
I [22F] just graduated from college and my dad wants me to get a job right now, during quarantine. I'm immunocompromised and he's mad I haven't gotten certification to be a "coronavirus tracker" and that I haven't been hired yet. What should I do?
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) of 1.5 years has online dating accounts
I just watched a movie called Newness and I'd love to get your opinions about it
He (29M) is going through a lot, and we are becoming distant; is it over or is my mental illness making me(26F) over react?
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) of 1.5 years has online dating accounts
Problematic Living Situation
I(23F) want to give advice to my aunt(37 F) about her morbidly obese child (10F) but feel wrong because I am younger than her
Getting in touch with an ex
My ex (21) reached out to me asking if I (19F) wanted to hang, but I can’t tell if he has ghosted or not.
Still Bothered By Something Boyfriend Said Years Ago, Need Perspective
I don’t like the way I’m treated
Anxious that I will never have a family
I don’t like the way I’m treated by my older sister
Dating while HSV+
I (28F) do not want to go to my grandmother's funeral
Mom won’t remove my ex off of social media
My sister talks down to me a lot, and I’m bothered by it.
Needing advice and help on how to end a long-time friendship? Thanks in advance.
My mom won’t remove my ex off of social media
While I was coming to terms with an illness, I needed time. Now my S/O pulling away and I don't know how to handle it.
My (22/F) sister (25/F) is getting on my last nerve during this quarantine.
Friend (25M) is no longer speaking with me (25F) and I get the sense he's upset with me. How should I tackle a sensitive situation?
Friend (25M) is no longer speaking with me (25F) and I get the sense he's upset with me. How should I tackle a sensitive situation?
Friend is no longer speaking with me and I get the sense he's upset with me. How should I tackle a sensitive situation?
F4M
Is he just not interested ? Read full story
Dealing with losing "the one"
Connecting with my boyfriend
Connecting with my new boyfriend
My (17F) older sister (20F) talks and whines in a baby voice when talking to our father
Connecting with my new boyfriend
Me (20 M) probably suffering from ROCD due to possibility of long-distance relationship with my girlfriend (19 F) of 2.5 years.
Should I (26F) confront my boyfriend (24M) about this or just let it go?
It's all my fault that I let my crush go
Insecure? Trouble in paradise? Realising he fucked up? Bored?
Can cheating be forgiven?
Married Friends going through ugly affair
Jesus Christ, men. What's his deal?!
Married Friends going through ugly affair. How do we handle this?
Does my FWB have feelings for me? I’m confused with my feelings too.
He's married, what's his deal?
boyfriend (25m) and i (22f) are taking a break due to COVID circumstances
My (29M) roommate (51m) verbally ab*ses his fiance (~28F). There's no physical or sexual abuse AFAIK, but I hear him yelling at her to "shut the fuck up" more days than not.
My (29M) roommate (51m) verbally abuses his fiance (~28F). There's no physical or sexual abuse AFAIK, but I hear him yelling at her to "shut the fuck up" more days than not.
[31m] social media and relationships
Very interesting interaction with my gf the other day...
People who are the less affectionate partner in the relationship, how do you deal with receiving affection from your partner?
Can cheating be forgiven?
Social media and relationships
I 20F feel like my ex 25M is a little weird
Girlfriend damaged my car alloy wheel - what would be a reasonable resolution?
Girlfriend damaged my car alloy wheel by accident - what would be a reasonable request?
Can cheating be forgiven?
How can I [16M] help/motivate my girlfriend [15f] complete her school work on time?
I 20F feel like my ex 25M is a little weird
How to get out or not get into the friend zone
Does my FWB of two years have feelings for me?
M25 trying to get dating ideas for F28
I (26F) had my BF’s (32M) baby. Husband (26M) was involved. Bf’s Gf(28F) was not involved.
is my (20F) ex (25M) a creep or am I overeacting?
Can cheating be forgiven?
How can I [23 F] tell my mom she is gaslighting me?
Is my (20F) ex (25M) a creep or am I overreacting?
My (F22) partner (M25) struggles with depression and is prone to going into ruts. How do I help him out of them?
My boyfriend made an onlyfans account
Why I'm always in friend zone or getting hate1
Wtf if my (20F) ex's (25M) problem
Bf lost his shit at me about potential COVID exposure, and 1 day later sounds like he's coming down with a cold. I feel like this is karma for his behavior and feel like he deserves it.
SugarBaby/4/SugarDaddy
I (25F) laughed at my BF’s (23M) fetish how do I make it right?
I (16m) am very afraid that a lot of my friends, even those closest to me, find me very annoying at times. What can I do?
I [23M] am having Trouble Living With Family as it's Messing with my Life
I (M30) have problem getting used to have a younger gf (F23), although we date more than a month. Is the age difference a problem for anyone else?
I am very afraid that a lot of my friends, even those closest to me, find me very annoying at times. What can I do?
Always be in friend zone
My [21F] boyfriend [21M] has never called me beautiful, and I don’t know how to ask him to
I (M30) used to be very judgemental against big age difference between couples but lately i started falling with a younger woman (F23) and started the last month this relationship. Is the age difference a big thing in the end or is it only me that freaks out?
I am very afraid that a lot of my friends, even those closest to me, find me very annoying at times. What can I do?
My grandmother is dying and I think my boyfriend [19M] doesn't care.
My [21F] boyfriend [21M] has never called me beautiful, and I don’t know how to ask him to
I messed up by laughing at my BF
I (M30) used to be really judgemental against big age difference between couples but lately kinda fell for a younger woman (F23) and i catch my self freaking out when in public.
I (34M) have been married to (34F) for 12 years, but often feels alone due to conflicting work schedules that cannot be changed. A good friend (33F) eventually dates (~22MtF) in a game I heavily enjoy. Now I'm heavily being ignored everywhere.
My wife of 14 Years just blindsided me. I seriously didn’t know I was so dependent on her and her affection. She keeps saying she “loves” me but she’s confused as to who she wants to be with. This came out of no where
Is it normal to have doubts in your relationship?
I think my (30F) ex bf (31M) made a fake Instagram account to stalk me
My ex is continuously stalking my life and it is effecting my future.
I think my (31F) ex (30M) made a fake Instagram account to stalk me
I think my (31F) ex (30M) made a fake Instagram account to talk me
One of my (29/F) best and closest friends (29/F) is now dating my emotionally abusive ex (29/M) from five years ago knowing everything that he had put me through.
I’m beginning to dislike my best friend. I need advice.
Advice on being stalked?
I (23M) and my gf (23M) have been together for 1.5 yrs. And for the past few month, we are non stop fighting.
My bf posted "I’ll never be single again even if she leave me" wth does that mean?
I (25M) am moving away from my girlfriend (29F) and the anticipation of a breakup is hurting both of us.
is this an abusive relationship?
How do I gently tell my bf to lower his expectations?
I [23 M] and my gf [23 F] and we've been exclusive for 1.5 yrs and we are having constant fights, like non stop, sometimes to me she seems posesive and toxic, but I am not sure
Dating with a positive HSV (herpes) status
Is it possible?
Sexual harassment, manipulation and friendship in the workplace.
How do I gently lower my bf's expectations after becoming an "official" couple?
My mom[F/46] just tried to fight me[ F/22] in my own home?
My girlfriend (22f) is unmotivated and it is beginning to get on my (34m) nerves
We’re (35M and 28F) fine when we’re alone, but socialising with anyone causes huge problems
My SO is no longer abusive; I feel like I'm scarred
My SO is no longer abusive; I feel like I'm scarred
My mother wants me to take an online class for her.
One Year Anniversary Gifts (20M) (19F)
One Year Anniversary - (20M) (19F)
One Year Anniversary Ideas
Is there a sub for discussing human romance and sexuality in an abstract sense?
My mother wants me to take an online class for her.
I (25M) am moving away from my girlfriend (29F) and the anticipation of a breakup is hurting both of us.
Idk what to do
My Grandfather died recently, and it's really taking a toll on my [17M] younger brother [6M].
Am I getting ghosted?
My Grandfather died recently, and it's really taking a toll on my [17M] younger brother [6M].
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) never wants to leave the bedroom
[22/M] My Head or My Heart?? A Quarantine Love Dilemma
Reoccurring disagreement with best friend (23m) and I (22f)- not showing enough interest in common hobbies.
Dealing with my roommate's threatening BF
Should I (F23) see him (26M) again? Urgent.
Reoccurring argument with my(22f) best friend (23m), thinks I don’t show enough interest in common hobbies
Dealing with my roommate's BF
Dealing with my roommate's threatening BF
Coworkers think I said something that I didn’t, now it’s making me paranoid [31m]
My(24F) Bf(25M) 1.5yrs accuses me every day of being unfaithful.
Bf (23M) seems to have lost interest towards me (20F) because of my sport
Boyfriend [22M] uncomfortable with me [23F] living with male friend [28M]
Coworkers took a joke comment serious and it’s making me paranoid how I seem now
People at my work think I said something I didn’t, and it’s making me paranoid [27M]
My [29f] husband [32M] does not appreciate the things I do to make our home nice and I’m starting to become very frustrated.
Caught husband with another woman
[22/M] My Head or My Heart?? A Quarantine Love Dilemma
Love language?
I'm [25M] texting a girl [21F] and my best friend [24F] is having an obsessive-jealousy-like tantrum over us texting
Even though i am officially an 'adult' (30,F) i need to talk to an adult right now for some perspective 🙈
F24 unable to date/heal 2.5 years
I was dumped because of quarantine
I was dumped because of the quarantine
Do you ever got those moments where you know you're classified as an "adult" (30,F) but you need to speak to an ACTUAL adult. Help my mixed up mind!
Slight celebrity crush issue I [22M] have with my girlfriend [20F] of 5 months.
F24 unable to date/ heal for 2.5 years
Intimacy? What’s that?
Lost all my friends
How do I (F27) support my boyfriend (M32) after a near death experience he had today?
Me (f24) unable to date (any advice welcomed)
How do I (F27) best support my boyfriend (M32) after a near death experience he had today?
My partner's (20M) pride is really starting to get on my (20F) nerves.
Good man, bad sex, old ex. Should I leave?
Help me out
Woman's point of view on this.
insecure around friendships
Insecure around friendships
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Need advice!
I (F/26) don’t know how to be the person I really am, especially in my relationship.
She said she needs space, but still sees her future with me???
I forgave my rapist boyfriend and lost all my friends
I (F/26) don’t know how to be the person I really am, especially in my relationship.
I (23F) don’t want my boyfriend (25m) to invite one of his friends to the wedding and we can’t agree on what to do
Will I contact my old friend [27/M]? Its weighing heavily on me[27/F].
Out of nowhere...
TL;DR Partner not attracted to me because of weight gain.
I [27F] unknowingly dated a married man [31M] a couple months ago, he is now leaving his wife and wants to stay with me. I don't know if I want him to.
UPDATE: My (30F) best friend of 10+ years (31F) didn’t show up to my wedding because of mental health issues and I don’t know how to move forward with our friendship.
Why does my ex (31m) follow a girl on Instagram who has zero posts, doesn’t follow him back, and has thousands of followers?
She wants a break but, said she “hasn’t given up on us”
Partner not attracted to me because of weight gain
My girlfriend (F25) broke up with me (F25) because she didn't feel like a priority. Now I'm in quarantine by myself, unsure how to move ahead.
Do I (23m) owe my two old roommates (23m) rent money for late notice?
Will I contact an old friend or not ? Has been weighing heavily on me for a long time.
How do I (21F) talk to my boyfriend (21M) about my past relationships?
Unsure if I [25f] communicated directly to my ex [25m] about breakup. Downloaded tinder, now questioning if I should clarify?
How can I [M/25] fix this ongoing issue of communication with my gf [F/24]
Did I [27F] make the right call?
Boyfriend (31M) is uncomfortable having sex with me
Boyfriend making me feel crazy
Should I [23F] bother reaching out to him [26M]?
My [20s f] dad [60s m] is being banned from my mom's [60s f] funeral and I don't know what to do
I don’t know what to do anymore
My Mom is financially dependant on me and my brother and I think it may keep me poor.
My girlfriend (25) broke up with me (25) because she didn't feel like my main priority and I am in quarantine feeling terrible.
My Boyfriend (M27) of 6 Years Broke Up With Me (F26) Due to Lack of Sex. How Do I Try to Rekindle this Relationship Before It's Too Late?
Why does my ex (31m) follow a girl on Instagram who has zero posts, doesn’t follow him back, and has thousands of followers?
Me [34 M] with my Wife [31 F] of 12 years, How do I engage her pessimism?
My (25 F) and my partner (28M) cannot agree on finances
My boyfriend has no drive or ambition and it’s making me question our relationship
I (28f) am bothered by my fiance's female friends, not sure if it is just me
My family [mostly 40’s and 50’s] rented a beach house next week in a remote beach town. I can’t decide if me [26F] and my boyfriend [28M] should go?
Friend [M18] is suicidal and I [F19] don't know what to do
I (21F) have extreme jealousy issues with my boyfriend (22M) of two years, how can I fix it?
My [F21] LDR Girlfriend [F23] ended things on Saturday, asked for me back, I said no but now I miss her.
I (30f) have a hard time dealing with my brother (28M) and am wondering if once I move out I want to continue a relationship or not
Me (21 F) and my boyfriend (20 M) are looking for someone willing to give us relationship advices anonymously on Telegram with the two of us
My Husband is Afraid of Tears
I (21F) have extreme jealousy and trust issues with my boyfriend (22M)
Me (21 F) and my boyfriend (20 M) are looking for someone willing to give us relationship advices anonymously on Telegram with the two of us
My husband is afraid of tears.
Extreme jealousy issues
I (28f) and bothered by my fiance's female friends
I’m jealous of my (21F) boyfriends (22M) relationship with his twin sister. And he’s not understanding or helping.
What is the most age difference would consider for a romantic adult/mature relationship?
[21F] need help with my [21M] boyfriend, does work affect your relationship?
[21F] need help with my [21M] boyfriend, does work affect your relationship?
Considering if I [22M] should stay friends with girl [19F]
I (27F) and quarantining with a depressed partner (28M)
My (22M) boyfriend won’t defend me (21F) in the way he defends his twin sister.
What to do about a fight with my mother.
I am panicking for no reason
Do you think he's lying or cheating?
The only girl (21) that i (M20) thought i loved led me on for 5 years
I think my boyfriend is lying to me
The only girl (21) I thought i (M20) loved didn't want to be with me after 5 years of on and off seeing each other, but wanted to "experience being single" instead. Am i wrong to let her go?
My (30f) husband (33m) starts community college this fall. He's never been a very driven student, and he's nervous about failing. How do I support him and help him succeed without veering into weird parent territory?
Introvert / masculinity / social anxiety - husband
My first share
I (19F) think I might want to breakup with my girlfriend (24F)
I heard my parents (mid 40s m&f) bashing my relationship (f20,m20) to other relatives.
My (30F) husband (33M) starts community college this fall. He's never been a very driven student, and he's nervous about failing. How do I support him and help him succeed without veering into weird parent territory?
How can I show my boyfriend that I never cheated on him?
Husband Messaged His Ex Then Deleted The Chat, Should I Trust The Explination He Gave?
I've been with my (f18) girlfriend (f18) for five months now but a part of me likes my best friend even though I have a heck lot of feelings for my girlfriend.
My Bf (28M) and me (25f) are at a cross roads. Break up or move to a new city I don’t want to be in.
My (23F) parents (50sF/M) are making my sister feel bad/guilty about taking care of her mental health
I think my (25f) dad (44m) is in an abusive marriage with his wife (42f) of 15-ish years
Partner posting photos of me
My (23F) parents (50sF/M) are making my sister (18F) feel bad/guilty about taking care of her mental health
Is it to much to ask my girlfriend to not smoke cigarettes around me?
Am I a jerk for dating other guys while my boyfriend was on a religious mission?
Husband Messaged His Ex Then Deleted The Chat, But He Has An Explination, Should I Trust It?
My (17f) Australian boyfriend (19m) is mad at me for dating other people
I've been with my (f18) girlfriend (18f) for five months but I have feelings for my best friend.
Using jealousy to manipulate?
would it be ridiculous to quit a job after a break up??? i work with his brother??
The Easiest Sex Positions for Inexperienced Couples
My gf (28F) isn't understanding of my (30M) job - reddit please help!
My husband [26m of 3 years] and I [25f] are stranded overseas from one another. We haven't seen one another in five months, I feel like this is going on for too long - he has the option to travel but I don't
What does love mean to you?
I (20m) fell in love with my best friend(21m)'s ex (20f)
Is it normal to think your partner is dumb? I have been dating my bf for 5 years and he cant figure out the simplest things and it bugs me
Guy I’m dating told me I was dancing like a hoe. Is that acceptable?
My partner (35m) of five years has never dated anyone older than 21 or been in a long term relationship outside of myself. Are those red flags
He flew to see a woman... what do I do?
Does anyone else date men but not enjoy d***s?
I [39M] think I'm losing my best friend [34F] to a somewhat complicated open relationship. Am I wrong to be upset?
I have a pregnancy scare and everyone tells me I’m being paranoid
I (23F) get bored of everyone really quickly. Why?
He flew to see another woman... what do I do now?
Don't like d***, have a bf, pls help!
Did I make the right choice?
persistent crush threatening other relationships :( help!
Did I make the right choice?
Guy I’m dating pulled me aside to tell me to stop dancing like a hoe. Is that acceptable?
Boyfriend refuses to answer my texts when I am trying to talk to him about our relationship
Pregnancy Scare
I (23F) always get bored of people easily. Why?
I am tripping on a side chick pregnancy scare
I (M/24) cheated on my girlfriend (F/23)
If you could go back in time and speak to the 10 year old YOU, what piece of advice would you give him/her about relationships?
Tripping on a Pregnancy Scare
My (22M) strongly dislikes my girlfriend (22F), and it causes great stress on us.
my worst year
I’m afraid that my gf(F17) and I(M17) might not form a lasting relationship
Relationship traditions?
karma
Anniversary Traditions?
[58F] Mom won’t stop acting like [29F] I can’t cook. How do I shut her up?
I’ve only been with one girl my entire life. She wants to get married. Feel like I’m missing out on life but I’m scared to lose her. Is it time to call it off? (19M).
Getting bored in the relationship but still love the girl. Is it time to call it off? (19M). Please read full thing before commenting.
This is kind of weird...I was staying with a girl friend from college earlier this year while traveling and saw something that makes me feel guilty.
My (22f) girlfriend almost never wants to have sex or be touched by me (22m)
How common is it to not have each other's presence on social media?
6 y relationship ended yesterday out of lying, cheating and behaviour issues
Wife has hated me since giving birth 6 weeks ago
My married friend(28F) is trying to sleep with me(21M) and I don't know what to do
I have feelings for my bestfriend's ex who is also my bestfriend
My [34F] Mom treats my Dad [60s M/F] terribly, but thinks she's the victim. Family members have suggested an intervention. I don't know whether or not to get involved, as my heart hurts for my dad. LONG.
My boy friend touched me when I was half asleep
My(28M) wife(25F) - My Mirror.
My (30F) mum (50F) hates when I'm nice to anyone outside my family.
My (30F) mum (50F) hates when I'm nice to anyone outside my family.
Does your significant-other think you talk over them but in reality they talk over you?
Does you significant-other talk over you but thinks you talk over them??
My (30F) mum (50F) hates when I'm nice to other people
What do you people who are in relationships even talk about everyday?
My[27M] wife [24F] thinks that intentions don't make a big difference when it comes to hurting the other person and if one of us hurts the other person intentionally or by an accident, that shouldn't be compared. How can we start seeing eye to eye and understand the other person's perspective?
What do you people who are in relationships talk about everyday?
I (25/f) think I might have been sexually assaulted by former fling (40/m) and I don’t know what to think.
The guy [M30] I [F21] like might go for another woman
My boyfriend(17m) stayed out all night partying and got his phone taken away
My (18F) boyfriend (20M) doesn’t seem to like talking to me
Cuddle buddies with best friend's (21F) friend (21M).
My(22F) friend(23F) who is also my roommate thought her boyfriend(22) was cheating on her with me who is my very close friend.
Lately I’ve (22f) been so annoyed and irritated by everything for no reason and I don’t get why?
Bro [23m] treats our sister [7f] way better than he ever treated me [16f] growing up. It hurts a bit to see.
Is it a good idea to be cuddle buddies with best friend's friend?
My girlfriend (34f) of 4 months broke up with me 38(m), not devastated but more curious the reasons.
Boyfriend (29/m) got fired because he was trying to be like my (31/f) ex!
Is there any way I [30/M] can repair a friendship with my co-worker [22/F]?
Trust issues
My boyfriend(17m) stayed out all night partying and got his phone taken away
I (23m) don’t know if I love my (23) gf (3years) anymore, or if there is something wrong with me.
Does my ex (32F) still love me (32M)?
I'm 22F. How do we get over a break up when your ex- partner is with you in lockdown?
I'm 22F from India. How do we get over a break up at this time?
I [30F] think I just ruined my relationship with [34M] over wearing deodorant.
22 year old female navigating through breakup
For anyone 18 and above, I wrote some things that have helped me during my break up journey.
I am a F(20) struggling with my best friend of 13 years F(21) and relationships in general
Leaving a long-term relationship
Is there any way I [30/M] can repair a friendship with my co-worker [22F]?
5 year Relationship - Am I crazy or just Growing Up
I've (22F) suddenly fallen in love with my best friend (22M) of five years, and I don't know why.
Need some advice
I am a F(20) struggling with my best friend of 13 years F(21) and relationships in general
I want to be a model who sometimes poses in tasteful lingerie but the guy I’m dating doesn’t like that. What should I do?
Relationship help
I [20sM] got beat badly by my roommate [20sF] during a boxing match I reluctantly agreed to. The way her and my other roommates responded to it caused me to move out. Did I overreact? Was I wrong at all, or irrational? Please give me some advice fellow redditors.
I am a F(20) struggling with my best friend of 13 years F(21) and relationships in general
Does anyone else find it weird that guys have penises and girls have vaginas??
I (23F) feel like my boyfriend (30M) wouldn't notice or care if I left
What I learned... from a Tik Tok (yes, a Tik Tok)
Need fair feedback on my fiancé’s high school friend that is a girl...
I have a crash on someone who i think might be toxic but i cant help it what to do about it? I dont live in an English speaking country so i might have some typos
My (31f) husband's family are all incredibly mean to one family member (12?F) and I don't know what to do
Contact ex for closure? [27M]
Gut feeling about girlfriend. Hiding her actual name for almost a year. Need advice
Me (18M) and my best friend (18F) have had an on and off thing for months now. How do I deal with her mixed feelings?
I’m feeling like I’m in a toxic relationship with my friend
Girlfriend (28/f) have been causing strain on relationships over my (30/m) car!
My parents are getting a divorce and it is causing extreme separation anxiety.
Roommate problems
My girlfriend (18F) of 1.5 yrs lied about seeing her ex, am I (18M) overreacting?
Student-Prof dating after graduation
Wanting to break up
Is it weird that my boyfriend (18) bosses me around/takes charge and I (21M) like it?
My [29F] SIL [27F] is pretending online that my infant son [9months] is hers
How should I deal with a toxic family member?
I (24F) broke my phone and my partner (24M) told me he was bored
A girl I know admitted a girl I have a crush on likes me back, how do I make the first move?
How do I (26/M) know when its time to end a long term (3.5 year) relationship with my SO (27/F)?
How do I (26/M) know when its time to end a long term (3.5 year) relationship with my SO (27/F)?
How long to wait for I love you?
Student-professor relationship after graduation
how long to wait for I love you
how long to wait for I love you.
How to deal with a toxic family member?
Should I(F22) Leave My Boyfriend(M24) for Giving Me an STI/Refusing to Take Proper Precautions?
How Can I let go of resentment toward my parents and have a healthy relationship with them?
I'm feeling insecure with the girl I'm dating when I didn't feel that way before.
Should I see my Dad's Family on Father's Day?
What are your experiences with people who are unable to take a step back to realise that they may have crossed a line to make you uncomfortable with their friendship with your partner
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I'm afraid to tell my girlfriend [24F]
I (20f) have a really weird problem where I can’t call my boyfriend (21m) by his name
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I am afraid to tell my girlfriend [24F]
What are your experiences with people who are unable to take a step back to realise that they may have crossed a line to make you uncomfortable with their friendship with your partner
How do I [26M] tell my girlfriend [24F] that I have a flip flop fetish?
My (25f) boyfriends (25m) roommate (23f) was wasted and flashed him right in front of me.
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I'm not sure how to tell my girlfriend [24F]
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I'm not sure how to tell my girlfriend [24F]
19 F looking for someone to vent to a bit
Am I (17F) being overly difficult with my controlling hypochondriac father (45M)?
Worried that I (33F) am creating unrealistic expectations with how much I want to see my partner (32F)
We've just broke up because I (28 M) was being apathetic during the last months. I want a second chance, but maybe it's too late and I fear hurting her (23 F) even more.
Am I (23/F) justified in being upset that a friend/ex wants to start fresh?
i'm (26f) only sexually-attched to him (30m) but not sexually/intellectually
Am I (17F) being overly difficult with my controlling hypochondriac father (45M)?
only emotionally-attached but that's all it is
Conversations are going dry, need convo starters?
I (17 F) really want to talk to an old friend (17 M)
I (17 F) really want to talk to my old friend (17 F)
i realized something :(
Should I stay or should I go?
My parents don't understand that I'm 23F and want a life outside of our extremely small town and possibly our extremely boring state. How do I explain this to them?
Guy (30M) I'm (24F) seeing seems to openly talk about other women in a way that I don't particularly like. Advice?
My boyfriend (28M) is best friends with his parents. I (25F) want him to stop sharing so much info about me to them.
I (19M) think I have a spark with a current friend (18F) who lives 2000km away and need advice on how to keep it alive over LD
I (19M) think I have a spark with a current friend (18F) and need advice on how to keep it alive over LD
Am I F(29) overreacting about my boyfriends M(31) “friend”?
Long winded - bear with me please
Am I overreacting about my boyfriends “friend”?
Ghosted after the 9th date [23F] how can i find closure when idk what i did
Thoughts keep triggering me (M31)
How would you I interpret his words about his feelings?
For the past several weeks, I [27/M] have been getting to know someone [30/F] online. I'm worried about how my interactions are coming across to her, whether I'm coming on too strongly, and what I should do going forward.
What do you make of his words about his feelings for me
Thoughts keep triggering me (M31)
I feel like my bf priorizes his friends sometimes and I don't know how to handle it
Need advice about my crush (17M)
I feel like my boyfriend priorizes his friends sometimes and I don't know how to handle it
I keep wondering if my (25F) boyfriend (23m) left me for his ex, can anyone give me some input? Am I overthinking?
Thoughts keep triggering me
My [28F] cousin [24F] had an outburst towards me and I told her off, now we aren't talking and I wonder if I took it too far
I keep wondering if my (25F) boyfriend (23m) left me for his ex, can anyone give me some input? Am I overthinking?
M24 quite guy seeking advice on how to talk to people
How do I (17M) tell my crush that I like her
First date advice? I am a 16M who comes from a conservative family and I need a lot of help.
Any advice for relationship anxiety?
Quite guy seeking advice on talking to people.
What should I do ? Am I a lesbian ?
Me (34) and My Wife (31) Are Deeply in Love But Disagree on Children. How Can I Change Her Mind?
My girlfriend (31) and I (27) are having a pause while I consider something she has made her mind up about
(28)F broke up with (27)M
How do I [31F] tell my friend [30F] that I'm not okay with her visiting anymore?
I fucked up..
Boyfriend (31M) following random women on Instagram
Not sure if I’m overreacting or not about what I (24f) found on BFs (25m) phone
Me (34) and My Wife (31) Are Deeply in Love But Disagree on Children. How Can I Change Her Mind?
My girlfriend (31) and I (27) are having a pause while I consider something she's made her mind up about
I (30m) can't seem to stop hurting my girlfriend (30f) emotionally
Great relationship being ruined due to my (M/24) idiotic insecurities with (F/29) girlfriend
Sexual PTSD
Am I completely wrong for thinking my ex might still have some feelings for me??
Broke up
is this a normal marriage - father (60/M) and mother (55/F)
My Mother (52F) lied my entire life to me (32M). I helped my brother (22M) get away from her, did i save his life or ruin her life?
Uzturlīdzekļu kalkulators, uzturlīdzekļu kalkulatori, risinājums uzturlīdzekļu apmēra noteikšanai
Im (19f) getting targeted by my bfs (21m) female 'friends'
My father(39m) decided he suddenly he didnt want to talk to me and my mother(35f) anymore
How can I (21F) be there for my roommate (20F) who is in an abusive relationship (21M)?
Am I not allowing my partner to help me or is he just taking advantage?
How to trust cheating Ex again?
I [17M] don’t know how to start talking to this girl [17F]
Needing advice
I [17M] don’t know how to start talking to this girl [17F]
I don’t know how to start talking to this girl
Please help me figure this relationship out (20F/M)
Am I in denial about how bad my relationship is?
Potentially NSFW: My fiancé told me he's into guys and I don't know what to do
Love
How do I (23F) check in with my boyfriend (25M) about communicating with his ex?
I’ve had to cut off friends recently. Is this normal?
Am I turning men gay or they bi to begin with?
I’ve had to cut off friends recently. Is this normal?
Should I(28F) leave him(28M) or be patient? I'm lost
I’ve become uninterested in my boyfriend (M20) during lockdown since i can’t see him (F19)
I (M18) have a very complicated relationship with my crush (F19) and I do not know what to do next
My [18M] ‘step-sister’ [19F] says she really likes me after sleeping with me even though she is already in a relationship?
I always cause problems in the relationship, please help!
I(M18) have a very complicated relationship with my crush(F19) and I need don't know what to do
Had (28F) a fight with my bf (25M) and he couldn’t say “I love you” back after?
I Don't Feel Like My Mother Really Loves Me
I always cause problems in the relationship, help me please!
(F20) Heartbroken for the first time
I'm [25M] worried my GF [22F] will leave me due to the time spent apart in our long distance relationship.
If my [22f] mom [42f] isn't the primary reason/inspiration why I'm doing something, she gets bratty.
(F20) Heart broken for the first time
Had (28F) a fight with my bf (25M) and he couldn’t say “I love you” back after?
Feeling fucked
My girlfriend (22F) for 3.5 years said she doesn't have feelings for me (21M) anymore.
I'm [25M] worried that my GF [22F] of 5 months will leave me due to COVID-19
Am I right to be worried about potential proposal?
My (30m) girlfriends (27f) family are very bossy, opinionated and bitchy
In a relationship shop of 4 years but can’t stop thinking about an ex who isn’t really an ex
My girlfriend(22F) of 3.5 years said she doesn't have feelings for me (21M) anymore.
When do future goals become a dealbreaker? My (F21) boyfriend (21m) is unsure about the far future
I (23M) moved out of home after my mum (62F) verbally abused my girlfriend (21F)
Getting closure, how to move on ? [20F, 25M]
Getting closure, how to move on? [20F, 25M]
In a relationship of 4 years but can’t stop thinking about an ex who isn’t really an ex
Getting closure, how to move on?
Friend(F, 22) is in a complicated relationship with a guy (M, 22). How do I tell her it’s a bad idea?
Am I asking for too much if I ask my boyfriend to come pick me up so we can spend time together, but in order for him to agree I have to bribe him with money and sexual action?
Stories of when a relationship went dull of completely off, then came back to life.
Stories of when of when a relationship went dull of completely off, then came back to life.
When do future goals become a dealbreaker?
I Don't Know If My Boyfriend Is Right With Me And My Feelings Towards Someone Else Kinda Cloud My Judgement
Friend(22) is in a complicated relationship. How do I tell her it’s a bad idea?
my boyfriend (26) messaged my old classmate
I think I might be gay and I don’t know how to cope.
22,M- I met a girl at a party 3 months ago...she is avoiding me without specific reason
I think I might be gay and I don’t know how to cope.
I'm (25f) at my limit with my husband's (25m) over eating!!
Why do I always get cheated?
I have told women that I respect them during sex for 2 years. These are my findings
My [26M] GF [26F] has had me questioning our relationship for a few months now, I feel like she wants me to end the relationship by the way she acts, what should I do?
Needing advice
My boyfriend messaged my old classmate
HACKING SERVICE
What’s wrong with me?
What's wrong with me ?
What’s wrong with me?
I 25M feel like I lost my GF 25F
Letting go of your past
my ex-boyfriend molested me
Help needed for the "One that got away"
My(30m) girlfriend (30f) and I are in a vicious cycle of pain
I(20F) feel like I should quit my job because of my ex-boyfriend (24M)
My boyfriend [M33] constantly evades productive discussions by forcing me [F26] to pedantically dissect sentences in a longform, academic dissertation format only to sulk away for "me time."
Girlfriend shared nudes with a friend
My Boyfriend (M26) uses porn sometimes and I (23F) am confused...
(20M) My girlfriend (21F) is a pansexual, polyamorous, mentally ill, hardcore introvert who is in love with me and her ex (23M) on whom, she is still hung up on and knows that she can't be with him.
Not trusting your gut in relationships
Help needed
when do you know that you want to spend the rest of your life with someone?
Is normal if your bf lets you go pit with your guy friend but not with 2/3/4 guy friends?
My boyfriend [M33] constantly makes me [F26] dissect innocuous statements in a longform discussion often exceeding an hour only to blow me off for "me time."
I 25M think I lost my GF (27F)
My (23) boyfriend (24) uses IMVU
Potential Proposal Problems
when do you know that you want to spend the rest of your life with someone?
Why does my ex (21M) continue to follow all of my close friends on social media, even if they have stopped following him?
Why does my ex (21M) continue to follow all of my close friends on social media, even if they have stopped following him?
I [F24] feel off around the girl [F23] I’m dating and I don’t know why.
I have this fear of ending up alone
Should I leave my boyfriend of 4 years? We have a kid together.
I (25M) with gf (25F) just found out gf cheated on me after I cheated on her.
BF [25m] doesn’t want to move out of parents home and I [25f] want him to grow up
I need advice on how to handle my feelings for my best friend.
Is it ok for me(21M) to message an old friend (21F)?
How do I handle my feelings for my best friend?
Tips on How to Train Your Doggo Boyefren
She (F20) wants kids and me (M18) dont want
Me (24M) was talking to a French girl (24F)
Me (24M) was talking to a French girl long distance (24F)
BF [25m] does not want to move out of parents house and I [25f] am starting to find it weird
My(22F) friend(21F) thought we were cheating on her with her boyfriend(21M) who is my friend. Now female one says things behind my back
Moving During a Pandemic: How Much Notice to Give? (27F)
Butt Touches
I (20M) keep on doubting my own love for my girlfriend (19F)
My [22F] bf [26M] has some old fb tagged pics where him and his ex are kissing from years ago. I feel weirded out and a bit insecure, am I in the wrong to feel this way?
Hot and cold behaviour in a LDR.
I (23M) want to reconnect with a friend from University (20F)
I (24F) was raped and it doesn’t get easier ?
He (23M) broke up with me (23F) because his ex tested positive for herpes.
I (22F) am still in love with my ex (25M) over a year after we broke up, but feel like there is something meant to happen between us.
Butt Touches
My (F17) bf (M18) has never posted about me or us on any of his social media’s.
He broke up with me bc his ex got herpes.
Depressed (but medicated), unemployed husband (M~40) talks down on me (F~33) about trivial matters and won't do anything at all to improve our situation.
Mum said i'm wrong for telling Child Support that I 'suspect' my ex partner may be working.
My GF (25 MtF) suggests an open relationship for my (24M) benefit. Should I accept?
Mum said i'm wrong for telling Child Support that I 'suspect' my ex partner may be working.
I [28/f] have a persistent anxiety problem in my relationship and need help.
Why am I still in love over a year later? I feel like in sense I have moved on, I don’t feel jealousy over his new relationships, and I can develop feelings for other people, but there is this part of me that is still completely in love with him and can’t forget about him.
I (21M) broke her (21F) heart because of anger
I (23F) may have someone stalking me online
I (F,22) have been talking to a guy for (M,23) for about a month and a half now with the intention of fwbs. Are these regular fwbs/open relationship interactions and ways? I literally have no experience so I don't know. Red flags?
My (22F) insecurity is affecting my relationship
i shouldn’t care at this point, but i do...
My (F26) guy (M28) broke up with me on Friday because he felt like he had no space. It all started when the quarantine happened and I’m not sure if he’ll be back..should I even take him back if he does?
i shouldn’t care at this point, but i do..
My gf (18F) of 1.5 yrs lied about seeing her ex, am I (18M) overreacting?
I think I [29 M] might be unhappy of my 2 years relationship with my girlfriend [24 F], but I don't know if I want a breakup especially during these times
My (F26) guy (M28) broke up with me on Friday because he felt like he had no space. It all started when the quarantine happened and I’m not sure if he’ll be back..should I even take him back if he does?
My best friend [18F] is being forced into an arranged marriage with her cousin [28M]
How to make my online friends delete our conversation
These ladies are acting a little silly, but I love my gf and want to show her that she is wrong, but do so in a way that isn’t misogynist. Thanks peeps okay cya
boyfriend won’t honestly talk about how he feels
Repost! 21 F trying to conceive
My gf (18f) of 1.5 yrs lied about seeing her ex, am I (18m) overreacting?
Should I end the relationship?
Jeey..!!! Your collaboration will help make things better here That would be very meaningful
Need help dealing with my exes past
Anyone else agree?
Is it possible to love two people at the same time?
My (23F) bf (33M) is angry that I dyed my hair
Should I tell my parents that my little sister (14F) was sexually assaulted by our neighbor?
My relationship (F27) with my boyfriend (M28) is good right now but I don’t see a long-term future
My(23F) ldr boyfriend(26M) haven’t let me see nor meet his mom yet
My boyfriend has moved in and I think he has high functioning autism and I’m not sure what to do
My(23F) ldr boyfriend(26M) haven’t let me see nor meet his mom yet
Me and my wife are so different
I (25\they) got snippy with my partner (23/he).
My [20/M] boyfriend doesn't remember doing things to me [20/F] while sleeping. Please give me advice!
Me. 24(M)
Me...
I need help with my exes past
Need advice
I (23M) want to reconnect with a friend (20F)
I [25F] am (romantically!!) jealous of my guy friend [28M] but I have a boyfriend...
My (18M) girlfriend (17F) seems mad at me because I told her she should have a private instagram account.
My boyfriend has moved in and I think he has high functioning autism, and I don’t know what to do
I (25\they) got snippy with my partner (23/he).
I (25F) am (romantically!!) jealous of my guy friend (28M) but am in a two-year relationship
Should I just go ghost?
To Break up or stay together
My (26/M) girlfriend (26/F) hates my best friends and does not like when I spend time with them. This frustration is getting very serious.
I did something shady but I feel like it needed to be done....
What should I [20F] do when the guy that I like [20M] talks about other girls hitting on him?
I (25f) got a boyfriend (28m) and I feel guilty
Two days of him not talking to me after a snippy comment
What should I [20F] do when the guy that I like [20M] talks about other girls hitting on him?
Finally found a boyfriend and I feel guilty?
What do you do when a guy that you like talks about other girls hitting on him?
My (26/M) girlfriend (26/F) hates my best friends and does not like that I spend time with them and this anger is getting very serious.
How do you manage your relationship with significant others who have different religions and beliefs?
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] won’t stop playing video games
How do I tell my boyfriend I love him while I’m having an anxiety attack every time I think about it
How do I tell my boyfriend I love him while I’m having an anxiety attack every time I think about it
How much crabbiness/shortness in a relationship is acceptable to tolerate?
How do I [M20] know when to break up a 10 year friendship [with M19]?
I (27M) overheard my girlfriend (33F) tell her friend that she 'feels like I have cheated' before, but that she doesn't care that much. How do I talk to her about this?
I (21) broke up with my (31) boyfriend who I did not trust and now I am at the psych ward.
My bf (M18) of three years admitted that he cheated on me (F20)
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) has decided to officially move back in with his religiously strict family
What do I do with my [20/m] ( I am [20/F] )
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] won’t stop playing video games
My ex never made it official with me but had a new girlfriend the week we broke up
My bf (M18) of three years admitted he cheated on me (F20)
Sometimes I don’t want to cuddle or be touched
Input since I got no closure
I [20/F] need advice on what to do with my [20/m] boyfriend
What the heck is wrong with some people
I [27F] don’t like my roommate and it makes me feel incredibly guilty
I love my GF but I'm breaking up with her, is this normal?
Just left somebody because of relationship anxiety, could use some support..
Guys are unmatching me on Bumble whenever they see my selfies!
I still love my GF but I'm breaking up with her tomorrow, is this normal?
[F21] Confused about whether my friendships are genuine
Am I overreacting about boyfriends social media?
I [20/F] need advice on what to do with my [20/m] boyfriend
I only date “lowlifes”
I [27F] don’t like my roommate and it makes me feel extremely guilty
Breakup realization (22F)
Do all men cheat?
My (21/fm) boyfriend (22/m) has decided to move into an apartment with his *extremely* strict family
I only date “low lifes”
I’m getting over him, but I still can’t stop comparing other guys to him.
I(23M) have a great but inherently sad relationship with my best friend(22F) of 9 years, and I want to know what I should do now.
I usually only date low life’s
I'm 19 and second guessing...
I’m getting over him, but I still can’t stop comparing other guys to him.
[F21] Confused about whether my friendships are genuine
I (F,22) have been talking to a guy for (M,23) for about a month and a half now with the intention of fwbs. However, I need someone's take on whether I should call it quits with him. Red flags?
How do I [28F] tell my sister [24F] that our dad would like her bf more if they were more proper at our house?
"Friends" decided to touch my gf
What role does Social Media play in your relationship with your SO?
My (21/fm) boyfriend (22/m) has decided to move in with his family. His family are strict muslims so I will not even be allowed to visit his house.
How to deal with gaslighting
My Parents are Giving my Girlfriend (F18) and me (M19) an Ultimatum: Us or Them—Need Urgent Help.
Found out that people who were my friends decided to touch my girlfriend and it really bothers me
What role does social media play in your relationship with SO?
Is masturbation ok in a marriage?
Is masturbation ok in a marriage?
Feeling Ugly in Bumble
Is masturbation ok in a marriage?
(24/M) Apologizing during a first date for a prior insult which tainted the date (to 28/F)?
2 years?
Dating a libra
I'm 19 and having trouble deciding...
My boyfriend cheated on me and I don’t know what to do.
Me [25M] trying to remain friends with my friend [23F] after not dating.
I f(24) multiple phones connected to his m (25) WiFi. Calling me crazy but I can’t make sense of it.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I don’t know what to do.
Women Lie: Size DOES Matter!
How to heal from gaslighting and cheating
Is it normal to never have conversations with an SO?
Vulnerability
Apologizing during a first date for a prior insult which tainted the date?
Bf taking job he wouldnt normally like, just because its with friends.
My ex want to start calling me again but I’m in a new relationship
How can I improve my relationships? [M21]
Tainted love?
Would appreciate some advice
Am I asking for too much if I ask my boyfriend to come pick me up so we can spend time together, but in order for him to agree I had to bribe him with money and sexual action?
GASLIGHTING BOYFRIEND(29/M)
single
Confused/finding myself/broke up..any hope?
Me (F24) and my boyfriend (M22) just broke up...
Its been 6 months since my first actual gut punching breakup ...
How do I (m32) initiate a serious conversation with my co-worker (f41), who I feel is a very close friend?
I [20sM] for beat up by my roommate [20sF] during a boxing match I reluctantly agreed to. The way her and my other roommates responded to it caused me to move out. Did I overreact? Should I reach out to them? Please give me some advice fellow redditors.
How do I (m32), initiate a meaningful conversation with my co-worker (f41), who I feel is a very close friend.
Why am I (F 27) so bad at relationships/commitment?
Friend and her husband want a “third”
How do you initiate a serious conversation with a seemingly 'good' friend of the opposite sex?
My ex is contacting me and I don’t know if I should be friends with her
Do I keep trying?
Why am I so bad at love/afraid of commitment?
GASLIGHTING
Me and my boyfriend have different political/global views- I was really worried at first but it's working really well?
I (46f) have no clue how to confront my husband (48m) on his disgusting file on his computer.
My friend refuses to confront her friend about being toxic
My 12 year old nephew is more annoying than average and I don’t know how to deal with him
My [16F] best friend [17F] needs support and comfort, but I'm in an awful place right now.
Boyfriend makes huge life decisions without me
Should I (28m) cut contact with my ex (24F) and my 2 best friends (27m & 32m) because she made out with them in front of me while we were all drunk?
Me [23 M] with my Ex-Girlfriend [24 F] of one month, then two months off, we're talking again, and I want to do my best to get her back.
Ex says he can't even be around me without wanting sex
To the girl that ruined my life.
my [18F] boyfriend [18M] is really damaging me
Boyfriend (28M) who lies, losing my (28F) gut instinct
My husband (33M) and I (31F) are currently expecting our first child and I fear the worst for our relationship.
My (35F) ld bf (38M) ignores me on socials and I’m wondering if his behaviour is suspicious.
My relationship started out crazy on my behalf due to cheating, but THIS can’t all be my fault? 29f
My(17m) dad(52m) used my Reddit account and sometimes gets into heated political debates
Girls from my circle [16f] have been verbally bullying a girl [15 ? F] from school pretty hard. What should I do?
Ex says he can't ever be around me without wanting sex
I (26 F) recently kissed the guy (37 M) I dated for 4 months and felt nothing
My [20F] parents want me to plan my life around my brother [22M]
My [20F] mom [50F] keeps commenting on my relationship and it stresses me out.
Long distance boyfriend (M26) reticent to move back so we can be not-long-distance.
Long distance bf (M26) is reluctant to move to where I (M27) live.
I (24m) think my girlfriend (24f) might be cheating on me with her best friend (25m)
My (20F) Mother (43f) is not treating me like I’m an adult
My S/Os family is trashy, possible dealbreaker?
Do I keep trying?
Do I keep trying?
Do I keep trying?
Do I keep trying?
My S/Os family is trashy, possible dealbreaker?
what do I do about my bf??!!
To those who have been cheated on, do you know how the cheating ex is doing?
Sugar baby 27f
I cheated on my BF. Will I ever forgive myself and be able to date again? (24F).
How to kick out my (22F) cousin (23M)?
How to kick out my (22F) cousin (23M)?
I 29 (f) think I have finally decided to leave 33 (m)
My (f20) boyfriend (m21) won't respond well when I express that I miss him
To those who have been cheated on, how is your ex who cheated doing?
My girlfriend exposed me
Girlfriend of 2.5 years randomly stopped talking to me
Is it a dealbreaker if your S/Os whole family is trashy?
I’m (27 F) wish I was alone instead of with alcoholic husband (27 M)
Girlfriend randomly stopped talking to me
I (F19) want to get a few satin pajamas/lingerie to satisfy my boyfriend, is it worth the buy or do guys not find it hot anymore?
I've never had a single romantic/sexual encounter. What's holding me back?
Is it a dealbreaker if your S/Os whole family is trashy?
I (M26) think I’m falling in love with a Felon (F27)
My (f20) boyfriend (m21) won't respond well when I express that I miss him
I wanna lose weight to look good for my skinny boyfriend. Is that wrong?
I've never had a single romantic/sexual encounter. What's holding me back?
How do I (31 f) stop wanting to find someone who cares about me enough to marry me?
In a 1 year relationship, but it didn't work out because she didn't love me the same way I loved her. How did I move past it?
Is there anyway to negotiate the cost of replacing my friends [30 F] dress that I [29 F] ruined?
My [28F] husband [30M] relies on me WAY too much and is a codependent follower. How do I encourage him to find his autonomy without hurting his feelings?
Jeolousy over partner's success? I feel awful for feeling this way
How to stop being so emotionally dependent?
How do I (22M) deal with my extremely talkative roommate? (21M)
27f 25m: Did I ruin it in 2 dates? Appreciate some male advice.
How to stop being emotionally dependent
How many of you were in a relationship but the the relationship didn't work out because one of you was more in love than the other? How did you move past it?
How many of you were in a relationship but the the relationship didn't work out because one of you was more in love than the other? How did you move past it?
My 8th grade crush (17M) with a girlfriend kissed me (17F)
My husband fell asleep at a very crappy time
Husband’s drinking is ruining marriage
27f, 25m. Did I ruin it in 2 dates? Some advice from guys would be great.
How to stop being so emotionally dependent?
Me (25F) and my boyfriend (28M) are going to ‘un-move’ in with each other.
Me (18/M) and my girlfriend (17/F) split on perfect terms but I'm still completely devastated
My husband fell asleep when I was telling him about a horrid dream
Girl (24F) I’ve been dating is mad after her close friend died suddenly and I (26M) didn’t say I directly supported her.
I (26M) didn’t directly say I supported the girl (24F) I’ve been dating for 2 month’s after he friend suddenly died and now she is mad at me.
How to speak to my extroverted roommate?
I've suddenly fallen in love with my best friend of five years, and I don't know what to do
My (30F) boyfriend (27M) often cancels plans we have made for random reasons at the last minute. I recently found out its because he wants to stay home and smoke weed. I'm mad but he doesn't see it as a big deal, am I right to be angry about this or are some people just like that?
Friend gets very angry about things that don’t concern him
Close friend gets very angry about things that don’t concern him.
Is it normal to masturbate to your gf over porn?
I [23F] really liked [24M], but I broke it off due to several red flags. He took it very hard. Should I be his friend in the future?
Need help on not feeling heart ache, even though we aren't dating yet...
I dont understand.
My (18F) boyfriend (21M) doesn't acknowledge my feelings
ME [23M] AND MY GIRLFRIEND [21F] BROKE UP FOR LESS THAN A MONTH AND SHES SEEING SOMEONE ELSE
Did I (22 F) mess with my friendship with my best friend (23F)?
Haven't met my bfs kids or family after being together for 3 years.
Me(19F) & My boyfriend(19M) don't agree with girls sharing their bodies online..
I (26M) feel like their is something missing in my relationship with my girlfriend (22F)
Question I need answered
How do I (M19) deal with my partner's (M19) high SEX drive?
My [20M] girlfriend [20F] snapchats a guy she met on Tinder everyday.
I (24/M) am experiencing a very hot and cold texting experience with a (21/F) has been going on for over two months
How to make an internet stranger delete our conversation
I (21f) white lied to my partner (23f) about the silliest thing
I (21f) white lied to my partner (23f) about the SILLIEST thing
Brother being rude
Why would my FWB (19M) call me (19F) beautiful instead of cute/pretty/hot?
Partner (45M) wants me (36F) to guarantee his 800k loan. When I refused he said he doesn’t trust me
I (24/M) am having a very hot and cold texting experience with a (21/F) for the past two months. Goes from texting me on consistent basis to almost blatantly ignoring me.
I (age/sex) am having issues in my relationship with (age/sex) I will now give you a biased perspective on the situation to receive affirmations on my side of the problem
Haven't met my bfs kids or family after being together for 3 years.
Why would my dumper ex care that I deleted our pics from social media?
I (24/M) and a (21/F) experiencing a very hot and cold texting experience over past two months
I (M21) am madly in love with a girl (22) I met in high school, and she doesn’t reciprocate the feelings.
Only eye contact for two years?!
Only eye contact for 2 years?!
I (24 M) and a extremely hot and cold texter (21 F)
What do you think his intentions were?
Extremely “hot and cold texter” advice would be appreciated
Husband’s (34M) Employee (25F) is in Love with Him
My [18f] family thinks I'm fat.
How am I (23f) meant to handle an overly defensive and passive partner (35m) when bringing up my emotions over text?
I(m/23) met a girl(f/27) online and can’t figure out if she wants to go out
Did I do the right thing? 😒
My [29 F] tried to initiate a four-way with me [35 M] on her birthday, but I wasn't up for it.
Did I do the right thing? 😒
Husband’s (34M) Employee (25F) is in Love with Him
25m first time meeting what do i do?
Ex - things
25 m first time meeting
My boyfriend is too pure and it’s driving me up the wall
My (27F) SO (27M) is turning into a real jerk...help!?
My boyfriend is too pure
Rekindled with my first love M[27] F[28] during quarantine period.
My (27F) boyfriend (27M) is turning into a total jerk...help?!
My boyfriend [23M] for 2 years says that a voice in his head tells him that he doesn’t actually love me [22F].
21 [M4F] CEBU FUBU/ONS/FWB
My [24F] boyfriend [21M] told me he wanted to learn my language but is now making almost no effort to do so
(27f)(29m) My husband doesn’t care about me being upset because it’s happened “so often”.
I broke up with my boyfriend and immediately regretted it
Girlfriend got extremely upset when she noticed I changed my lockscreen wallpaper (M21,F20)
My(27f) bf (27m)(3mo) said I'm trying to control what he can joke about because I told him to not joke about us having anal sex
MIL (F59) keeps trying to spoon-feed me (M28)
Got ghosted after buying him stuff for his place and staying over [23F]
My (16F) best friend's (16F) mother (50sF) has a stage 3 form of cancer, how can I support my best friend through this?
I declared myself (23M) to someone (24M). We are just friends
"I don't want sex, but I'm really into our sex"
Maybe I just grew up in a different time. Eveyybody games but me.
I [23F] ended it with [24M] due to red flags, he seemed depressed/devastated afterwards, and we work together. He wants to be friends eventually, but I don’t think I can be his friend after this. Should I tell him I want to go no contact now, and how do I handle this at work?
Rekindled w my first love
I [16M] am concerned about my relationship with a girl I’ve been dating [15F] and am looking for advice.
My (25f) bf (25) (3mo)says I'm trying to control what he jokes about when I repeatedly tell him to not joke about anal sex.
"I don't want sex, but I'm really into our sex"
Girl (16F) said Idk after I (17M) asked her to meet
I [16M] am concerned about my relationship with a girl I’ve been dating [15F] and am looking for advice.
My boyfriend opened up to me about his mental health last night and his struggle with quarantine, has anyone else felt this or can help me understand?
I am almost positive my 18yo sister has BPD. How can I convince her to get help?
I’m [18] f got in a fight with my [19] m boyfriend in front of his [18] m friend. I keep instigating fights and I think I’ve caused a toxic relationship.
I am almost positive my 18yo sister has BPD. How can I convince her to get help?
Best way to get stuff back from my ex with minimal contact?
My [19 TM] friends [24M] [20'sM] are still mad at me.
Reasons Why Being Single Is A Good Thing
I[22m] think I was sexually assaulted by my [23f]roommate
[M/23] My mom [F/57] is getting sick of the way I'm behaving.
I (21M) broke her (21F) heart because of anger
[M/23] my mom [F/57] is getting sick of me acting depressed in life
My boyfriend's (28) mom slept in the same bed as him after I (23) got kicked to a different room.
My boyfriend (28) slept in the same bed as his mom after I got kicked out to a different room.
How much bad behaviour and hurtful treatment should I [19 NB] excuse from my girlfriend [18 F] due to mental health issues?
In previous relationships, what was a moment that made you realise maybe they weren’t as good as you thought?
Me(26M) and my girlfriend(25F) are splitting up after 7 years and I need some suggestions for a good read
I (21M) broke her (21F) heart because of my anger
“almost” relationships
How do I [M22] tell her [F20] I don’t want to be an option or second choice
I (26M) feels like something is missing from my relationship with my girlfriend (22F)
mixed feelings towards vagina
My [22F] dad [39M] is daring someone [26F] from my high school
I am a 35 year old female who is caught up witnessing a situation of love, lies, money and manipulation. A 66 year old man is involved.
Good books or articles to read for someone who just had a 7 year relationship collapse on top of them
Girlfriends friend (20 F) lied about my girlfriend (19 F) cheating on me (20 M), and admitted she lied recently. How can I ensure that her friend does not do this again?
I [22M] hurt my best friend's feelings [29F] and it seems we're not going to talk anymore. I need advice on how to deal with a friendship breakup
I broke a heart because of my anger
20M falling for my best friend (20F)... again...
I (26M) think something is missing in my relationship with my girlfriend (22F), need advice
My [22F] dad [40M] is dating somebody [25F] from my high school
I am a 35 year old female with an issue that has to do with love, lies, money and manipulation. A 66 year old man is involved.
How many people do 16 year olds usually date?
My boyfriends (24M) sister (30F) constantly talks bad behind my back
Me [30F] wants to break up with BF [27M] because I’m in love with my ex [32M] who’s about to get married
Me [23M] am being used a backup by a girl [22F]. Need advise on how to proceed with this?
[UPDATE] Read signs wrong, did a stupid thing, how to deal with excruciating embarrassment and wounded pride?
[UPDATE] Read signs wrong, did a stupid thing, how to deal with excruciating embarrassment and wounded pride?
My {20F} crush {20M} 'confessed' to me when I just got into a relationship {18M}
My (M17) dad (M52) gets extremely upset when my mom (F57) and I talk about his health
My (M17) dad (M52) gets extremely upset when either me or my mom (F57) talk about his health
I'm in love with a ladies' man
My family disowned me and kicked me out. I'm 17 years old! I want to get back home.
Down about life
How to [19m] get over my gf [20f] sleeping with her boss [34m]?
Is anyone truly genuine?
Do you REALLY want to get to know that person?
How do you think a relationship like this will fare in the long run?
Keeping your ex/es pics, videos, letters cards, etc anything that has something to do with them
What should I do in a weird relationship
Guy I was seeing/best friend (40) cheated with me (30) for THREE years. He has a long term gf I had no idea about. He said he fell for me. Is that possible?
Girl (16F) said idk after I (17M) asked her to meet up
My boyfriend's video game addiction is tearing us apart
I just rushed my boyfriend to the ER and trying to process what the fuck is going on, as I'm stuck outside just waiting.
I [21] MALE feels confused about things with my friend who is a female [22] , we been friends every since 2015-2016
My boyfriend (22M) doesn't like the idea of me (22F) to use a UID
How can I (16/M) get closer to my sister (14/F)?
My bf thinks I make stuff up to be right all the time
I [32m] overheard my girlfriend [32f] tell her sister [27f] that she is "dating down" being with me because she makes more money than me... and is "surprised that I don't have roommates" I make 135k a year she makes 205k.
How to define emotional cheating and highlight its significance to a partner? Do you personally believe in its concept? If your partner does not or doesn't know much about it or its significance, how would you try to convince them its significant?
I [21] MALE feels confused about things with my friend who is a female [22] , we been friends every since 2015-2016
How do you think a relationship like this will fare in the long run?
I’m 13/m and I can’t figure out what to do with my dad.
Male 23 Female 22, we known each other for around 5 years
I [28 M] am unsure how to proceed with my FWB [30 F]
Me (25f) having a hard time making friends
Why did a guy cheat WITH ME for THREE years whilst he had a long term girlfriend all along. U had NO idea about her. He said he fell for me. Is that even possible. Read details and advise please. Thank you :( I’m so hurt.
Living with my [F 26] brother [33] during lockdown has made me realize how toxic he can be when upset. How do I help him?
I (25F) found the one too early and don’t know what to do.
I [22M] want to break up with my gf [22F] of 2.5 years but don’t have the balls to do it and can’t commit
I (27F) decided to move out of my parent's, my mother is mad
Lessons I learned as a 33M suffering a painful rejection from 29F
My (19F) mum (47F) has had an affair for nearly a decade and her lover is threatening to post exposing photos of her online
How do you think a relationship like this will fare in the long run?
I (25F) found the one too early and don’t know what to do.
Why do my 22(M) boyfriends male friends always talk about the size of his penis?
My [23/F] boyfriend [26M] has a lying problem
How important is sex for you in a relationship?
My (39F) friend (36M) withdrew the benefits a week ago; how do I save the friendship?
I’m (25f) having difficulties making friends.
I (19f) met someone online (21m) who I really like, but I don't know how to get my parents on board.
This guy cheated WITH me for three years I had. I idea he had a long term girlfriend! I had NO idea he had a girlfriend. He said he fell for me. Did he care at all. Is that even possible? I’m so hurt.
I (29F) have anxiety since having my first kid. My partner (35M) tells me I have mental issues when I ask for alone time.
My (29M) BF has untreated mental illness and it is killing me (26F)
How to split pet costs
My (19F) mum (47F) has had an affair for nearly a decade and her lover is threatening to post exposing photos of her online
How many men or woman on here hide their porn/masturbation habits from their spouses?
My [28M] girlfriend [26F] of 1 year had a serious surgery and is now pushing me away. Not sure what to do.
I'm (F19) not sure if I'm being a bad person by forgiving my boyfriend's (M19) confession?
How to split pet costs
My boyfriend broke up with me and blocked me when I asked for space. I wish I could apologize for not seeing his POV. I feel abandoned. Help?
My (39F) friend (36M) withdrew the benefits a week ago; how do I save the friendship?
I [33 M] decided to break my longest friendship of 20+ years with my [34 M] best friend.
Adult child discovered dad cheating on mom for 8+ years
I(22M) got creeped out by a comment my brother(20M) made about my Grandpa(85M) today at his birthday party
Do I [25M] need to meet my brother's [29M] girlfriend's [26F] parents?
Adult child discovered dad cheating on mom for 8+ years
Argue worth of breakup?
Me [45M] with my girlfriend [42 F] of 3+ years, found out she still has her 4 year old online dating profile active - do I confront, snoop, or just play it low and wait to see?
My (26F) boyfriend (31M) has been having a secret affair, but I'm the side piece?!
My 18M girlfriend 19F really doesn't like my best friend 18F but always denies it.
I [F 26] met this great new guy but i cant stop thinking about my ex. Please help
Argue worth of breakup?
My (F27) Friend's (F27) Dad Passed Away and I Don't Know How To Help Her
Did I Emotionally Cheat On My Ex?
I’m (18F) going to be reunited with my childhood crush (19M) at college in the fall
I [20M] am losing respect for my brother [23M]
Is it wrong to talk to each one of my friends with thier personality ?
What went wrong [23F] he left and i don’t know what i did
My mom doesn't believe I am severely lactose intolerant and sneaks dairy into my food to "test" me - How do I get her to stop without making her angry?
My (F27) Friend's (F27) Dad Passed Away and I Don't Know How To Help Her
I’m (18F) going to be reunited with my childhood crush (19M) at college
Did I Emotionally Cheat On My Ex?
Is it wrong to talk to each one of my friends with thier personality ?
How should I approach my fears about my girlfriend (F/20) and I's (M/19) relationship during quarantine?
How do I (26F) remain balanced, yet show interest without coming across obsessive; or did I already mess up with him (29M)?
My (F19) boyfriend (M19) did something really awful years ago and I'm scared it means he's a bad person?
My (F27) Friend's (F27) Dad Passed Away and I Don't Know How To Help Her
Is it wrong to talk to each one of my friends with thier personality ?
I want to be Attractive not cute
How do I leave a toxic 2 year relationship if I love him to much ?
I (25F) have a hard time to move on from my ex (35M)
Former fling is being very hot and cold. I hate social media
I'm not sure what should present for my wife on our second anniversary.
Former fling is being very hot and cold. I hate social media
Women: If a guy has cheated on you, or guys have cheated on you, have you not stopped to think that maybe the problem is not them -- but YOU?
How to define emotional cheating and highlight its significance to a partner? Do you personally believe in its concept? If your partner does not or doesn't know much about it or its significance, how would you try to convince them its significance? Any advice for my situation?
How to define emotional cheating and highlight its significance to a partner? Do you personally believe in its concept? If your partner does not or doesn't know much about it or its significance, how would you try to convince them its significance? Any advice for my situation?
Amazing family and friends... can't seem to fit in sometimes... it's hard out here I try to keep my mind but I feel like I'm losing it by not voicing how I truly feel
I was snarky towards my girlfriend's exes and she broke up with me over it
I take back what I said during a fight
Need some advice
I(35M) am having issues guiding my daughter(17F) as a single dad
Did I just creeped her out?
Weird question i have been having my whole life
My boyfriend (M/21) wants me to get rid of my roommate( M/19) .
I [25m] was groped by a family friend [60sF] on a holiday last year. I've now been dis-invited from the next family holiday for "being rude" to this person.
Advice needed :(:(I’ve been seeing a guy for THREE YEARS and found out he cheated WITH Me behind his long term girlfriends back! I had no idea about her at ALL Did he even care about me like he says he does? So confused and hurt.
Terrible fight last night. Please give me [35/M] advice, and help me save my relationship with my fiancé [33/F].
My wife[36F] of 3 years, forbids me[31M] from passing wind or picking my nose when in the same room
I (22F) want to stop stalking his (28M) ex's on social media, it affects my mental health and makes me feel like a weirdo.
Meet someone New
does not texting back mean loss of interest
Can anyone relate to this relationship problem?
Attracted to taken men!
I (21F) am having some serious doubts about my boyfriend (22M) but I dont know if it means we should break up
Is being bipolar and on VA disability going to hurt dating prospects?
does not texting back mean loss of interest?
Meet someone New
Can anyone relate to this relationship problem
Me [22 M] with my friend [21 F] don't know how to go about giving this gift ..
My brother (25M) is sexually obsessed with me (24F) and always has been
My boyfriend wants me to get rid of my roommate
How can I learn to build relationships. Struggling with this
Did I just creeped her out?
My best friends boyfriend is trying to get rid of me even though I’ve done nothing wrong. Urgent I could really use the advice.
My [17F] long-distance bf [19M] is going through chemotherapy, I don't know how to support him emotionally
I can never tell if someone is interested in me or not and I always feel I miss clues never been in relationship
My (23m) roommates (20’sMMMF) don’t seem like they get along with my GF (21F)
before i turn to dark side , i just want an opinion from reddit, sorry for bad english
My dad wants me to get my masters but I’m worried
I think I [29 M] might be unhappy of my 2 years relationship with my girlfriend [24 F], but I don't know if I want a breakup especially during these times
My brother (25M) is sexually obsessed with me (24F) and always has been
How can a couple with different sex drive make it work and prevent frustration?
My [22F] ex-friend [27M] hates my guts for reasons I don't get and it seems that he's spreading rumors about me too
Girls have so many different compliments base on appearance, what do you call a guy though?
My brother [36M] kissed my wife [30F], and I [35M] feel deeply hurt by this.
Mental institutions or bust ?
Me [32 F] with my [37 F] roommate who lives with thick blinders and doesn't notice things
Sister [28f] said I'm [16m] "clingy". Am I really being clingy and how would I stop?
I (32M) am completely alone now, and I do not know what to do about it.
My (F23) boyfriend (M21) said he would do the same thing in relationship if he met another girl
My (F23) boyfriend (M21) said he would do the same thing in relationship if he met another girl
Yelling about COVID-19?
Should I [23F] give him another chance [26M]?
My [27F] gf is trying to push religion on me [32M]
I (22M) am really struggling with my partner’s (21F) desire to start an only fans
My (26NB) new friend (23M) makes game nights a bummer and I don't know how to proceed
My [19F] parents [49M/F] don't want my boyfriend [19M] in my bedroom?
my EA keeps pressuring me to speek to my EM who left for another man
My [19F] parents don't want my boyfriend [19] going in my bedroom?
My [16 M] mom [47 F] makes me feel bad by threatening to disown me and saying nasty things, she hates the fact that I'm gay
Am I overreacting emotionally? Me [37 F] with my mom [64 F] who got together with fam, straight up ignored me, leaving me to feel like crap again
I feel disrespected, and I need help phrasing my feelings to partner in calm healthy way
In love with a guarded man, should I tell him?
I (39f) have secretly decided to leave my husband (41m) even though things are good NOW, and I feel sad and guilty
In love with a guarded man, should I tell him?
I don’t know who to ask so I guess I’ll ask here...
I have a low sex drive but my bf does NOT
Awarded Settlement, Parent Spent Every Dime
This is kinda stupid but...
Saw a tweet that said ‘have we ever sat down and thought about why relationships only work if the guy is more invested than the girl or is that just something we accept’ (@anugov1) thoughts?
My (23F) boyfriend (22M) told me he might have came inside me 14 hours after we had sex, even though he knew I was supposed to ovulate the day we had sex
Would you accept this apology?
My sociopath ex BF (35M) loves to torture me (23F) at work
Does my friend ,who judged me having an affair with my friend who then became her boyfriend, deserve forgiveness?
My sociopath ex BF (35M) loves to torture me (23F) loves to torture me at work
Low sex drive and high sex drive couples
Relationship trouble
Suffering from bad mental health during lockdown and not getting the support I need from my boyfriend- any help , advice or thoughts welcome 🙏🏻
Boyfriend (22 M) thinks he might have came inside me (23F) during sex
Having trouble
I (29F) had to hold my daughter (4F) down to rinse acrylic paint out her eye and want to deal with the resulting trauma.
How do I (23F) work with my sociopath ex BF (34M)?
Ended 20 year marriage. Was he messing with my mind the whole time?
How long shall I wait?
Not getting what I need from my partner during covid-19 lockdown - last hope - need advice
I (39m) am done with my wife’s (31f) cats. She is not done with them.... this is a problem.
My friend's apology?
My friend (?) admits feelings for me and I’m not sure if I handled it properly
Boyfriend likes to stare at naked girls in movies every chance he gets
My son(14M) has become obsessed with fictional characters.
Boyfriend [30 M] and I [27 F] are not speaking, and his birthday is on Thursday.
Should I [22F] be worried about my boyfriend [25M] making plans to meet up with girls when he'll be abroad?
How do I (26F) apologize get over my over-reaction to this situation, upsetting my boyfriend (24M)?
I lost her trust to keep her safe
Break-up has me confused - Want to avoid having deep scars for future relationships
My (22f) boyfriend (22m) ignored lockdown and let someone in our house.
Friend and I [both F29] have text conversation that leaves me SO CONFUSED
My (22f) boyfriend (22m) let someone in our house
Need help establishing healthy opposite-sex friendship boundaries in a new relationship
My son(14M) has become obsessed with fictional characters.
I just don´t understand what is happening between my friend and I (both F29)?
My (28F) childhood best friend (27F) got very upset when I mentioned a possibly cancerous spot on her skin. It's two years later and I don't know if she ever had it taken care of or if it's my place to ask, but it keeps me up at night
Met an amazing guy..... but I’m the problem
I (M37) Just Found Out My Friend (F38) is Cheating on Her Husband (M65)
Me (24m) and her (20f) had feelings for each other for a while already
I’ve met someone amazing..... and I’m the problem.
We Started A YouTube Channel
I (27F) think I want to leave my BF (25M) after almost 4 years but I feel trapped here? I'm not even sure I want to?
My (27M) friend (22F) is dealing with someone with depression. What advice should you give to someone dealing with a person with depression?
My fiancée (26F) thinks she and an acquaintance are in love. I (M28) think she might be unwell.
I (24M) confessed to her (20F)
Working with mostly females and the resulting sexual tension and manipulation.
My boyfriend [25 M] for 3 years has physically cheated on me [23 F]
My partner [24/M] and I [24/F] taking a break because of a small misunderstanding that escalated so quickly
My boyfriend's video game addiction is tearing us apart
Need help in relationships/starting relationships. M(19) Bi.
Close friend [22M] wants to get me [22F] an expensive birthday present that I'm uncomfortable with
Should I talk to him
Should I talk to him?
My partner [24/M] and I [24/F] taking a break because of a small misunderstanding that escalated so quickly
Fiancée’s mom never took her to the doctor
rant
My boyfriend for 3 years has physically cheated on me.
Trying to get into a relationship.
My first ex girlfriend (24F) messages me (24M) for the Covid19
My(28F) boyfriend (26M) is addicted to porn
We Started A YouTube channel
More than friends?
What advice should you give to someone dealing with a person with depression?
[Long-ish] Should I[18 M] unfollow my ex GF[17 F] on social medias?
More than friends (?)
Was I too impatient?
My fwb (27m) told me he has feelings for me (23f) finally and now idk what to do?
My friend (M 45) yr old apparently toying with me (F 35) how do I stop this...
We Started A YouTube Channel
Can I make him feel like himself?
How to not be toyed with by a guy friend? He's lying too apparently...
Tips for moving in with girlfriend
Tips for moving in with Girlfriend
I (23F) am starting to feel weird about the age gap with my boyfriend (33M) of five years.
Sil staying with us so I might have to leave
SIL staying with us and I might have to leave
Is it weird if I send my best friend some sweets/desserts at her work?
Is it weird if I send my best friend some sweets/dessert at her work?
If my ex still isn't reaching out to our kids or seeing them on a regular basis, should I reach out and tell him to?
GF (22) pays way more attention to her male roommate than she does to me
Why am I (18M) still not over my ex (19F) who left me for someone else 8 months ago
Reach out to ex for closure [27M]?
I [f/27] think my partner [m/28] and I are too anxious to continue dating each-other?
19F, don’t know how to feel about him
Very complicated: A boy seems to like me and I struggle a lot with feelings
I [32 F] am disappointed/worried with how my partner [31 M] is handling lockdown
Confused. Am I in the Wrong?
My (f23) boyfriend (m22)isn't considerate about my feelings how can i let him know
I (23F) and my ex (M28) agreed to being FWB but now he’s getting controlling?
My (m27) girlfriend (f24) constantly gets upset with me
My (f23) Bf (m22) isn't considerate towards me how can i let him know how I'm feeling
am i a terrible person?
I (17 F) resent my sexist parents (47 F and 49 M)
Confused. Am I in the Wrong?
Gf (25f) insisted on playing the celebrity pass game knowing it made me (24m) uncomfortable
Having doubts about marrying my (28M) girlfriend (26F)
[31F] How are single people supposed to meet anyone new if social distancing is the norm until there's a vaccine?
TV Time
Boyfriends cat is sick- no communication
How do I (19m) get over my ex (20f) in a healthy way?
Fiancé still checks up on exes/flings social media posts, like it’s some kind of “trophy book”. (31m)(27f)
I want to get clarity on whether my GF is being honest with me
My (27M) gf (24F) just discovered she still has feelings for her ex
My (21/F) boyfriend (20/M) has a lot of girls on his DM’s
Should I (19F) break up with my boyfriend (23M)? (Distance relationship)
Partner decided he wants to live in CA
My GF (27) told me (M 34) a few nights ago she wasn't in love with me anymore.
Is it okay to ask my partner to text me without doing anything else (sometimes)?
Help! I don’t want to move to California
Anyone else feel permanently damaged by their parents? How do I get past it?
how to start a relationship with your partner again with new start
My (24F) boyfriends (23M) second parents (57F, 60M) made rude comments all night.
I (23F) am always scared he(25m) will cheat on me again
Please offer advise about my relationship.
I don't know how to deal with a scheduled break-up
I'm still in love with my ex, please help
I [23M] have been DMing / Snapping this girl [21F] for a few weeks. We finally met for the first time, had a fantastic time. The next morning she had me blocked on all socials.
boyfriend at the time pushed me into sex
My [30f] partner [30m] thinks "swearing can be ok if once in a while". I hate swearing. Thoughts?
boyfriend at the time pushed me into sex
I'm not sure about my relationship. It's giving me headaches and need help.
I'm still in love with my ex, please help
I want to get certainty whether my GF is not being honest with me.
[31F] How are single people supposed to meet anyone new if social distancing is the norm for the next two years?
boyfriend at the time pushed me into sex
M(18) in a very happy 7 month relationship with F(18) girlfriend but recently been having mutal feelings for a friend F(18)
Ex [M24] cheated on me [F22]
My [30f] partner [32m] thinks swearing can be normal. Is it?
My [30F] partner [32F] thinks swearing at each other can be normal. Is it?
Found out that ex [M24] cheated on me [F22]. Feeling down and hurt.
My [33/M] best friend [33/M] isn't allowed to hang out with me and my GF [26/F] when his girlfriend [29/F] is at work
Having sexual thoughts about my best friend who's going through a huge problem
The “real you”?
How do I (18F) communicate with a condescending sister (20s)?
Sleeping in
Introvert Struggling with Extrovert
Unsure if I should leave husband
Introvert Struggling with Extrovert
Unsure what to do
My [33/M] best friend [33/M] said I can't bring my GF [26/F] with me when his GF [29/F] is at work
Dealing with ambivalence in difficult relationship
My boyfriend hates me because i lack a sexual attraction for him.
How do I(21M) approach my partner(21F) with something different after a long fight when she doesn’t want to talk to me or about that thing anymore?
Dealing with ambivalence in difficult relationship
Dealing with ambivalence in difficult relationship
I (28F) left my (30M) husband today
My (22f) husband (24m) is a slob.
I’m 20(M) and want to burn my ex-girlfriend’s letters. But i feel it’s morally wrong. Help me please
I (30M) am missing my old relationship, even though I know I shouldn't.
I left my husband with no backup plan
help needed
I (30M) am missing my old relationship, even though I know I shouldn't.
I just needed to share this
I (M18) dont want kids but she (F20) wants at least 1
My (25F) long distance girlfriend (29F), wants to sleep with other people because she is lonely, while staying in a relationship with me?
Am I (24F) supposed to be worried or angry at him (24M) for lying about his past?
I (M18) dont want kids but she (F20) wants at least one
Found out that the guy (27m) ive (25f) been talking has a long term girlfriend
SO withdrew and ask for space (weeks) because he’s feeling overwhelmed with work. Is this normal?
I (M18) dont want kids but she (F20) wants at least one
What can we do if one of us doesnt want kids but the other one wants them?
My [34 M] wife [29 F] of 3 years dirty danced with my colleague [35 M] and I had a flip out. Am I over-reacting?
When/what was the *lightbulb* moment that you realised you were better off after a breakup you never thought you would recover from?
When/what was the *lightbulb* moment that you realised you were better off after a breakup you never thought you would recover from?
Is tinder actually good for long term relationships?
I’m 21 (M). I have been thinking about burning my ex-girlfriend’s letters. But somewhere I feel it’s ‘morally wrong’ to do that. Don’t know why I feel this. Can anyone please help me?
Videogame toxicity
I’ve been thinking of burning my ex’s letters to me. But somewhere I feel it’ll be “morally wrong” for me to do that. Dunno why. What do you guys think?
Am I being ghosted?
Videogame toxicity
Male (17) female (17) (3 months ) first post sorry it’s so long 😬
I (24M) think I have text anxiety with my girlfriend (23F)
Videogame toxicity
First time posting sorry it’s so long 😬
I(22) am being blackmailled and abused my once friend(26) now a molester claims he has my nudes. I have an idea to get rid of him.
Am I (25M) barking up the wrong tree (21M)? (New relationship)
Videogames
GF [23f] broke up with me [24m] out of the blue and I'm devastated...
I (19F) asked my boyfriend (18M) how his mental health was doing, has anyone ever felt this before and can help me understand?
Can you ladies help me out. Please.
Dumper ex wants to remain friends despite me being at fault for the breakup?
Am I barking up the wrong tree?
I (21f) kicked my best friend (21f) out of my life when she constantly put boys and relationships first. Did I do the right thing?
Partners who always say they are going to do something but never do.
Can you ladies help me out. Please.
The usual ‘why is my boyfriend liking all these posts’ question. I don’t know how to feel?
Me[F19] and my bf[M18] broke up 2months ago. I think it’s a case of right person, wrong time.
GF [23f] broke up for personal development
I need help to get away from my abusive father
Cutting off a "friendship"
Cutting off a "friendship"
Should I (F20) leave my boyfriend (M20) if he isn't sure if he did something terrible?
I am in a abusive releationship and need help
What do I do now?
I just want to date a cute Christian boy
What do I do now?
is it okay for my(18f) boyfriend(19m) to keep talking to a girl he knows is interested in him?
Do you sleep alone?
is it normal for my (18f) boyfriend(19m) to keep talking to a girl he knows is interested in him?
I feel like I’m going to die a single virgin
The usual ‘my boyfriend likes photos of girls’ question that I desperately need answering!
What does mean when a girl says: Do you sleep alone?
Does it sound like I (32m) can truly trust that my long-term gf (31f) doesn’t feel down wish it had worked out with her ex?
Girlfriend (23F) ignores me (23M) and treats me like a stranger after arguments or when she gets upset
How do I [25M] break up with my dependent and depressive girlfriend [28F] of 5 years
I (23F) accidentally said 'Play with my cock' while having phone sex with my boyfriend (28M)
Am I looking for reasons or is this a reason?
I (23F) accidentally said 'Play with my cock' while having phone sex with my boyfriend (28M)
I (19F) asked my boyfriend (18M) how his mental health was doing, has anyone ever felt this before and can help me understand?
Why do I stay in a relationship where I know it’s toxic and I’m constantly unhappy?
I (17/F) (FAMILY SCAPEGOAT) HAVE BEEN DEALING WITH REGULAR EMOTIONAL ABUSE FROM MY PARENTS AND YOUNGER BROTHER (13) DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO GO ABOUT WITH IT?
MY YOUNGER BROTHER WHO IS 13, KEEPS ASKING ME TO KILL MYSELF(17F/ FAMILY SCAPEGOAT) AND MY FAMILY DOES NOTHING ABOUT IT
Boyfriend (35M) won’t post me (23F) on his Instagram because he views it as “unprofessional” even after five years together
On again off again relationships, do they ever work out in the end?
Snooped and found out my boyfriend has warts
I(26M) gave my GF(24F) an ultimatum
I (m20) am feeling insecure after my (f20) girlfriend reached out to a sugar daddy
My boyfriend (M29) and I (F25) of just over 2yrs are going to couple's counselling tomorrow. I am beyond anxious and I don't know what to ask, say, or be prepared for
Am I overreacting?
My (21F) mum (42F) keeps commenting on my weight and it's really starting to affect me.
Quarantine problems
I gave her an ultimatum and I regretted it.
My (31m) gf (31f) had a very sexual affair with her parents’ next door neighbour years ago. He’s a family friend and I have to be around him and feel very strange about it all.
Narcissistic ex keeps making profile public and then private?
(28F) saw BF (27M) archiving Whatsapp messages with a female work friend mid-conversation
Narcissistic ex keeps making Instagram public and then private?
I (20F) am feeling heartbroken and really sad because my (24M) boyfriend doesnt want to see me today
Quarantine problems?
I (m20) feel very insecure after my gf (f20) reached out to a sugar daddy
Should I stay with him or do I walk away?
I still love with my manipulative ex and can’t figure out how to let it go for the sake of my new relationship
I'm a 22(m) attractive virgin. Never really socialised with girls
I [16F] am worried about blocking an online "friend" [19M]
Upset because I got pressured into showing my boobs on videochat - I made a mistake
My (26F) husband (27M) has feelings for someone he can’t have.
How to mentally cope with being pressured into showing my boobs? I made a mistake
I'm (m32) seeing someone(f26) kind, caring, and sweet but worried we don't share enough for the long haul
My (24/f) long distance boyfriend (29/m)told me “it scares me how much I love you.” Not sure how I should interpret this?
Need help with family matter
21 (MTF?), don’t know if (M) friend likes me and don’t know if I like him, never been good with emotions. Anyone have any explanations?
Wrestling with what matters most and how I (m32) can have a conversation with her(f26) about it while we're apart for quarantine
My (38M) wife (38F) has been having an affair, and I don’t have anyone to talk to.
My [M16] friend [F16] wants me to spend more time with her than my girlfriend [F16]
I am unable to decide if I me or GF is being unreasonable? (Or both of us are?)
Is it just for work or he has feelings for me?
I don’t know if my friend is interested or just bullying me
I had a secret fling with my professor in college. Was it actually out of line?
Help
How do I (20F) respond to my boyfriend's (21M) "don't tell me what to do" ?
I want to have sex but why doesnt my body want it as well?
Partner and I are struggling finding time to spend together and activities we both like while sheltering in place, what are ideas of things we can do together?
How do I [M16] deal with my clingy friend [F16] ? I feel like I can’t leave because I am the only person she relies on
My (38M) wife (38F) has been having an affair, and I have no one to talk to
First Time in Bed M25 F25
Will the real Norma Bates (psycho) please stand up... for the love of God woman, PLEASE stand up! 🤷
How to break the cycle of bad dates? (F26)
First Time in Bed Etiquette?? M21 F21
[24M] My [24F] girlfriend broke up with me because I am not expressing my feelings
Why does he (28/m) not like hanging out with me (24/f) alone?
How to break cycle of bad dates?
I had a secret fling with my professor in college. Was it actually out of line?
How do I (20F) respond when my boyfriend (21F) says "don't tell me what to do" when that wasn't my intention?
Am I too old for him? Me 37F Him 24M
Got completely blindsided by a friend of mine, and not really sure how I should be feeling about it
Finally considering divorce
Got completely blindsided by a friend of mine, and not really sure how I should be feeling about it
Finally considering divorce
I [22m] met a guy [19m] online and after facetiming almost daily for almost 2 months I don't know how to proceed
Should I keep in touch with someone for professional reasons despite my personal feelings about them?
Ghosted Twice in One Night
Should I [F25] break up with my fiancé [M28]?
Boyfriend (19m) stopped video calling me (23f) because he "doesn't like how he looks"
Should I [F25] break up with my fiancé [M28]?
8 months after breakup I (M.22) still find myself awake at 1:30am thinking about her (F.22)
I (30F) am considering not seeing another couple my boyfriend (32M) and I are friends with because of how he makes me feel around them.
Should I break up with my fiancé?
How do I get over an ex?
Wife tells her husband that a man spoiling their daughter with his money is a "right of passage" to girls. Do you agree?
How do I get over an ex?
I (15M) am not able to befriend or have a romantic relationship with any woman
Bf (27M) doesn’t like hanging out with me (28F) but doesn’t want to breakup
Ideas for cheering up/comforting GF
Ideas for cheering up/comforting GF
Fiancee (29M) lost another job, myself (25F) is tired of it, and wanting input what to do?
Is he [21/m] trying to hookup with me [21/f]?
My dad wants a divorce
Feeling guilty for Ghosting someone
Ghosted a girl I was talking to
Is he (21/m) tryna to hookup with me(21/f)?
How do you men feel about texting in a relationship?
complicated post breakup
when did you realise you were in love with them?
I’m (19F) married, across the country from my family/friends, and miserable.
She Had Me Fooled... Me [22 M] Still can't get over my [26 F] Ex, I think about her while I bang other girls!
Should I get back together with my ex or move on?
I (20F) have a crush on my friend (21M). Am I just lonely? What do I do?
when did you realise you were in love with them?
My (28M) mother (49F) is mad at me because my charger broke
complicated
Girlfriend(17F) said something tonight that is making me(20M) feel alone and misunderstood with my chronic pain
Lessons learned from former relationships can assist later
What are the lessons learned from your former relationships ?
My mother is mad at me because my charger broke
Are my insecurities valid?
My (M21) girlfriend (F22) dismisses me whenever I get upset and I don’t know what to do anymore.
Separation
Are you guys having sex?
Me (30f) with my partner of 6 1/2 years (31m): he says that he will marry me “because I want” after the upcoming (hard professional) year, although marriage is “meaningless” to him.
My best friend [F 17] and I [M 18] confessed feelings for each other but aren’t going to date
Are you guys having sex?
My own family despises me, and I don't know if I can take it anymore
My best friend [F 17] and I [M 18] confessed feelings for each other but aren’t going to date
Redditors that gave their partner a second chance after cheating, how did it go? Do you regret giving that second chance?
Girlfriend (17M) said something today in an argument that is making me (20M) feel alone with my chronic pain.
She Had Me Fooled... Me [22 M] Still can't get over my [26 F] Ex, I think about her while I bang other girls!
Redditors that gave their partner a second chance after cheating, how did it go? Do you regret giving that second chance?
He (25m) told me (19f) to “behave”
My (M21) girlfriend (F22) is very dismissive and I don’t know what to do.
I always get hurt
He told me to “behave”
American (31F) wife fighting with Indian (32M) husband
Girlfriend mad that I accepted friend request from her friend
I [17M] am still in love with my ex [17M] who dumped me for another of my exes
I (F30) started dating a guy (M26) who moved away. Is there any chance our story goes somewhere?
I'm (27f) pregnant and my (25m) bf and I decided to keep it. I love him but I have some concerns about our relationship long term.
I always get hurt
Ex husband wife (30?) gave birth several weeks before me (33), just found out, weird head space.
How do I know if he’s really changed?
Guy [22M] always gets upset at seemingly random things I [19F] say?
My [23F] past negative sexual experiences are making me dread sex with my current bf [24M]. How can I work on this?
Girlfriend Reaction TOO strong?
I'm (27f) pregnant and my (25m) boyfriend and I decided to keep it. I love him but have concerns about our relationship long term
Girlfriend mad I accepted her friends request on FB
Cultural marriage issues American (31F) & Indian (32M)
I (21F) have realised that my dad (46M) is emotionally abusive towards my mom (42F)
I [22M] have no clue how to go about ending a relationship with my gf (22F) of 2.5 years that I am completely dependent upon
My girlfriend (24F) threw a Pusheen plush in the trash that I (24M) gave her
Does anyone have a relationship like the movies?
When trusting people you thought were your friends almost cost you your life. How to trust again? I (29M) am ready to trust again but how?
Am I required to attend a wedding that my boyfriend was invited to?
I [22M] plan to travel the world with GF [22F] after graduation
My (18f) high school sweetheart (20m) and I broke up tonight for seems to be forever and I am beyond heartbroken.
I (21F) realised that my dad (46M) is emotionally abusive towards my mom (42F)
Traveling the world with my girlfriend
Is occasional drug use a red flag in a future partner?
Weird Feelings Between Me (26m) and My GF (21f)
My girlfriend(24F) threw a teddy bear that I (24M) gave her
What's your story BEFORE you finally met the love of your life/ the one? Any advice for someone who is giving up on love?
Should occasional drug use a deal breaker?
Trust Issues?
Trust Issues?
Weird Feelings Between Me (26m) and My GF (21f)
How do I [21M] get over this mental barrier to make friends?
Me 37 M with my 37 F 11 years, she cheated.
Trust Issues?
Snapchat
How do I [21M] get over this mental barrier to make friends?
Found out that my gf wages is incredibly poor for her education, how do I handle this moving forward?
So, I (33M) moved to a new city, got dumped, then Corona happened and now I am stuck in an endless and lonely purgatory by myself in my apartment. How can I keep myself sane?
I'm falling in love with someone who I think is currently emotionally unavailable. Help
Dad (M. 62) may have a stroke within a year. I'm (F. 30) not sure how to respond.
Is my boyfriend Crazy? Should I be afraid?
How do you tell someone close to you that you don’t want them using you Netflix/Hulu account anymore?
My boyfriend (30s, M) never asks any questions about me (20s, F)
I (25M) am unable to move on from the character issues from the past of my girlfriend (26M). How can I?
My (26M) gf (22f) just cannot stop controlling me and it annoys me to the world
I don't know how to feel about my brother
I (25M) am unable to move over the character issues from the past of girlfriend (26F)
What part of the story is true? Does he (21M) seriously not remember details of the relationship with me (20F)?
I don't know how to feel about my brother
What do I (15M) do about my friend?(16m)
My boyfriend [23/M] and I [23/F] got into a fight over video games and now we're not talking.
My girlfriend gets irritated at every small thing and makes me feel like im being selfish or disrespectful. Is she being manipulative?
My wife cheated and somehow I am getting screwed?!
How do I get over her past?
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] holds grudges for ages and for no reason against our friends
I (21f) have been with my bf (23) for about 8 months and can't seem to fully open up to him
I (23F) got pregnant by a guy that I don’t speak to anymore. I don’t know if I should tell him.
I (23F) got pregnant by a guy that I don’t speak to anymore. I don’t know if I should tell him.
Wildest weekend of my life
I think I’m afraid of committing or maybe relationships????
I ghosted my online friend and I feel terrible
Am I toxic? Are you toxic? Let’s overthink together, shall we.
[M17] I like this girl
*disclaimer, this post is going to involve social media and terms used there* not sure if im still cool with one of my friends after he unfollows me on instagram
I am crazy about a guy I just met, but he moved away... Is there any chance between us?
Wife seems to hate our life together
*disclaimer, this post is going to involve social media and terms used there* not sure if im still cool with one of my friends after he unfollows me on instagram
I really like this girl, what should I do?
I like this girl
My (22M) Girlfriend (21F) secretly visited her ex
How do you know it's time to break up a relationship?
*disclaimer this has to do with social media* confusing instagram situation
*disclaimer this has to do with instagram and social media* confusing instagram situation
My[22M] girlfriend[24F] said that there are guys who can make her happier but she still doesn't want to break up with me
I accidentaly ghosted my online friend
My [18 M] girlfriend [18 F] occasionally relapses into depressive (?) episodes and is unduly scared of being a burden, any solutions?
Am I the asshole for sleeping with my ex's friend while broken up?
Boyfriend (22) no longer affectionate and acts like our relationship is going great but it’s not.
College student, ISO two couples to interview for research paper.
My (26F) ex boyfriend (28M) won't stop trying to contact me
Am I (28M) being unreasonable about my partner (28M) feeling neglected while I'm in the final weeks of the university semester working on major assignments and studying for tests?
TL: Need advice on how to be social again. My relationship are suffering because I have become a hermit and just want to be alone . I was alone in my apartment for two months because of the Covid-19 lockdown and it was very traumatic. I used to be a social butterfly. Want to be me again.
I [20M] am getting nervous about being with my [20F] girlfriend long term.
My ex won't stop trying to contact me
I (20F) Don’t know of I want to stay with my bf (21M) of 3 years
Couldn’t believe that the situation may get this wrong [Relationships][Divorce]
My relationship are suffering because I have become a hermit and just want to be alone . I was alone in my apartment for two months because of the Covid-19 lockdown and it was very traumatic. I used to be a social butterfly. How do I get back to where I was and become social again ?
Despise good friends gf, and I have not even met her yet
My bf (M56) wants to know if I’m (F63) active when having orgasms?
I’m not sure the best way to approach an old classmate I’ve never really spoken to. What do I do?
How do I get my crush off my mind?
What do boyfriends do?
spy on my cheating spouse
My boyfriend is using subreddits I asked him not to.
Friend (F25) is putting a strain on friendship group and my relationship with my husband.
Am I[18M] right to feel like I don't trust my boyfriend [23M]?
Gf tested me with a comment but ended up hurting me
He loves me but is worried about missing out.
Our friend (25f) is causing a strain on our friendship ground and my relationship with my husband.
10 years ago I broke up with my first love. To this day, I have never met someone I loved more. Anyone else regret leaving their first love?
My (25F) fiancé (27M) listens to my concerns about our lack of intimacy and then does nothing about it.
10 years ago I broke up with my first love. To this day, I have never met someone I loved more. It took me too long to realize that I had everything I needed, and now it's too late.
Advice for a year and a half relationship?
Normal or Not So Normal Boy Fight??
My (25f) boyfriend (35m) warned me that his attraction to me will diminish if I lose more weight
Hornier after losing virginity?
How to deal with being separated from my (17F) boyfriend (17M) during quarantine?
Normal Boy Fights???
Am I being a controlling girlfriend ?
I (21 f) believe my boyfriend (32m) of 1 year is emotionally cheating on me & I don’t know how to talk to him about it.
I want to start talking to a girl I used to go to school with but never really talked to, but I’m not sure what to say or how to approach it.
How to deal with being separated from my (17F) boyfriend (17M) during quarantine?
Should I [19M] let her [18F] back into my life?
We don’t just get to keep a relationship because we’re in one.
My (25f) boyfriend (35m) warned me that his attraction to me will diminish if I lose more weight
Struggling with not seeing my boyfriend due to social distancing
Success story of finding "the one" when you are older....?
My (20M) girlfriend (21F) wants me to delete all girls who I am not related too from social media and cut contact with them
Why do some people think it’s a red flag or an issue for two people to date when there is a 10 year age gap between them?
Bikini waxing
Why is it a red flag or any issue at all when two people 10 years apart in age date?
Read signs wrong, did a stupid thing, how to deal with excruciating embarrassment and wounded pride?
Bikini waxing
I'm (25f) really good at pushing him (30m) away
Bikini waxing
Guy friend acts kinda inappropriate with me when hes drunk (he has a gf)
Bikini waxing
Bikini waxing
25F started virtually dating 25M during quarantine but have a drinking problem. When do I tell him?
Feeling It A Bit Extra Today
Why does everyone who's ever ghosted me still watch my Instagram / FB Stories?
Feeling It A Little Bit Extra Today
My [19M] Girlfriend [18F] No longer loves me how she used to, and is falling for someone else, and much more.
My(17F) Girlfriend (17F) Mentioned Loving Her Ex Boyfriend - Red Flag!?!
Advice please
I (m27) constantly feel guilty about the opinion I hold of my GF (21)
Super Ex attraction secret
Help
Is it better to appear independent from your SO?
Need advice: Is this socially awkward or weird?
My Boyfriend's(23m) brother(13m) NEVER stops talking.. Ever.. HELP
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) of three years has never made me finish in bed
He (24m) ignored me text when I (24f) asked him to hangout
My (32M) favorite streamer(27F) has an abusive bf(30M) and I don't know what to do about it.
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) of three years has never made me finish in bed
Is it better to appear independent from your SO? How can i make my SO feel needed?
My(32M) favorite streamer's(27F) bf(33M) mentally abuses her on livestream
He (24m) never responded when I (24f) asked him to hangout
Why won’t he have sex with me? [22F] [24m] 8-year relationship
Question: Am I to sensitive and unstable like my bf is accusing? Or is he the problem?
Why won’t he have sex with me? [24m][22f] been together 8years.
Am I over thinking?
I can't stop thinking about my ex and all the mistakes I made...
We're both grown adults, should it matter that we're related? (27M) and (46F)
Is there some something wrong with me?! [22F] [24M]
My (31) girlfriend (21) does not trust me and wants to break up.
I want to understand why my boyfriend says that he doesn’t like to comfort me
Telling an old fwb that I've gained weight
Telling an old fwb that I've gained weight?
Is it weird that I like to be sad
Feeling really confused and hurt at what my boyfriend (M 21) has been doing behind my back and I (F 21) have no idea where to go from here
We're both grown adults, should it matter that we're related?
Married the Wrong Guy?
My partner is ignoring me
Am I crazy? Bf calls me a psycho. I would just like to talk 5 min about myself...
My partner has been ignoring me
I [20m] am losing interested in my girlfriend anymore [20f] High school sweethearts
Is there sometime wrong with me? Am I doing something wrong? (22f) (24m)
I [20m] am losing interested in my girlfriend anymore [20f] High school sweethearts
I [f/26] called 911 to my neighbor's house. Was this an appropriate use of 911?
Do I [F20] have the right to be offended at what my boyfriend [M24] told me?
My (31) girlfriend (21) wants to breakup because she does not trust me.
I (21F) Miss My Boyfriend (27M). I Feel Alone.
is there something wrong with me?
Am I being too pushy?
My (M,21) girlfriend (F, 30) constantly makes me feel bad about myself.
I (34m) don’t know how to react to my wife’s (32f) statement about her prenup.
My wife (f37) says my (m39) lack of confidence is killing our relationship and her attraction for me.
Am I (20F) wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend (29M) because of his reaction to me going away?
I (17m) feel like my girlfriend (17f) is guilting me
I have made a terrible mistake.
I Miss My Boyfriend and I Feel Almost Alone
Am I a crazy delusional boyfriend?
I (17m) feel like my girlfriend (17f) is guilting me
Boyfriend (32M) has stipulations for marriage. I'm (28F) curious what others think of this.
MY BESTFRIEND (21F) CUT ME OFF (20F) BECAUSE OF A MISUNDERSTANDING , mental health trigger warning
I (34m) don’t know how to react to my wife’s (32f) statement about her prenup.
My (34f) is making me (31m) change my life for the environment
ME (M22) HOPING TO FIND A JAPANESE GIRLFRIEND
I (17m) feel like my girlfriend (17f) is guilting me
R: Fiance has been showing signs of being manipulative; I'm hypersensitive about it due to past relationships; all talks about the issue with him have lead to nowhere; what do I do?
My bestfriend cut me off after a misunderstanding
Breakup?
He always takes ages to reply during lockdown
Why Would my Ex-Fiance Choose a Lying Friend Over Me?
Can two people from different countries work in the long run?
Frustrated with my BF (both 30s)- Would you accept this communication style?
My gf(25f) is making me(27m) change my life
my close friend minimises the struggles i go through as a WOC
My[M21] girlfriend[F21] dared me to shave my head and I did it. She broke up with me?
My[22M] girlfriend[21F] dared me to shave my head. I did it, and she broke up with me?
I (28M) want to give my coworker (28F) a digital drawing of her
Is it right to talk to this girl even if we’re both with someone?
I (25M) don't want to buy an engagement ring for my girlfriend (24F)
How do I get my guy to stretch?
How do I (24m) continue with this girl (22f) I really care for if she gets back with her abusive ex (25m)?
Am I settling at 19?
Need Advice
Am I settling at 19?
My (29F ) boyfriend (24M) is being really clingy and it's driving me crazy. What do I do ?
My (22F) FWB (37M) ghosted me for a month
Girl wants to be exclusive, but not date.
am i making this up? (TW: ab*se)
Is love actually real? I've never been in a relationship before.
My (21F) mother (58F) is completely fixated on criticizing my weight and eating.
rejected bc of their fear of intimacy
My (21F) mother (58F) has spent my entire life criticizing my weight due to her insecurities and I don't know what to do anymore.
I’m letting my bisexual GF explore other females.
Good relationships require work
I’m 30f, new bf 44m of 3 months moved in last week. Going great but received anonymous message from an ex saying he is abusive? At a loss
I’m letting my bisexual GF explore other females.
My (22F) FWB (37M) ghosted me
Maybe I [24f] am not built for a LDR.
Me [29F] with my girlfriend[28F] 6 months, I implied my girlfriends-friend is unattractive and hurt my girlfriends feelings. Is there any way to discuss this?
My husband (42m) is too stressed and I (32f) don’t know what else to do
M21 and my gf f26
M21 and my gf f26
Help me to know how to take this
what is the divider line of fornication and not?
I'm turning into a psycho girlfriend (25f) to my boyfriend (30m)
(21M) I'm in college. All of my friends vape and are addicted to nicotine products. They also are heavy drug users. And I literally mean all of them. I'm trying to quit and I don't really want that type of influence anymore but if I stop interacting with them I will no longer have any friends.
I (m43) think I am suffering from depression, how to find help and tell my wife (f40) and family?
I (32f) don’t know how to help my husband (42m)
I'm turning into a psycho girlfriend (25f) to my boyfriend (30m)
Girlfriend isn’t ready for sex
Looking for ideas to cheer up/comfort GF
Is my ex-girlfriend racist?
Ideas to cheer up/comfort GF
My intensity is ruining my relationship
I (24F) am still so awkward around my boyfriend’s (23M) friends.
Ideas for comforting/cheering up GF
Life of a slimy worm
Pretty sure I (25f) have seriously fucked up my relationship with my boyfriend (30m)
Meeting the parents? BF (30) has met GF (24) parents but I (24) have not met his?
LDR
Ideas for comforting GF
I feel like my dad's mistress turned wife hates me for no legitimate reason.
How do I (25F) cut contact with everyone in the least painful way possible?
Help - partner can’t make me orgasm
Left My Fiance After He Went Back on a Promise and Chose his Lying Friend Over Me
I [29F] asked my bf [38m] for an engagement timeline and he couldn’t give me an answer
I think I just ended my engagement...
Pursuing restraining order against unstable ex boyfriend
I [26 M] starting "seeing" someone [32 F] a month ago, and am struggling to gauge her interest in the pandemic dating world. Should I should hit the brakes or the gas?
I (28F) am always getting yelled at by my (40m) boyfriend
S.O.S. - I’m accidentally killing my relationship
What pill could she be taking and hiding from me?
Is there a polite way for me [30F] to ask best friend/roommate [30F] to move out of my house?
S.O.S. - I’m accidentally killing my relationship
Secretly taking pills and when confronted not wanting to tell me what they are
I [34F] did not communicate well with my boyfriend [36M] and feel like I messed up the relationship
How do I [34F] tell my roommate [26F] she's taking advantage of my family?
My (24F) boyfriend (20M) made me feel like he wasn't there for me when I needed him
Help on gf and snapchat score
My (F21) suicidal best friend (F21) is verbally abusing her boyfriend (M20). Is there anything I can do?
My(F24) twin brother (M24) hasn't talked to me in weeks after a stupid argument
Was I sexually assaulted or am I confused? [27f]
broke up with my bisexual ex girlfriend
My (32F) Ex (32M) reached out to me; is our conversation grounds for breaking up from my current partner (34M)?
Experiences with stopping to take the pill in a relationship ?
Sex related topic, am I being unreasonable? 28M and 25F. 5 year relationship.
Cant stop thinking about girls (me 17f my bf 18M)
BF (29M) broke up with me, now mad that I started trying to meet new people
Broke up with my bisexual ex girlfriend
I (19M) can't stop lying and cheating on my gf (24F)
I’m having some weird feelings of dislike/confusion toward my dad.
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) is rarely in the mood to have sex.
My child's father (26M) won't block the girl he cheated on me (26F) with
Is it time to call quits?
My (28m) boyfriend lost a long term ex to cancer 2 weeks ago. The way he’s grieving is making me (22f) feel insecure.
Is it inconsiderate/bad to visit my ex's place of work?
I (35f) am unsure how to proceed with my (38m) bf due to his inability to develop stronger feelings for me.
I cant stop thinking about girls while im in a relationhip w my bf Me 17F my bf 18M
Am I asking too much?
I (35f) am feeling somewhat uncertain of my relationship with my bf (39m) due to his inability to develop stronger feelings for me.
Can you live without you heart?
How can I (30F) stay friends with (33M) after marriage?
FWB (F ) cried
I(34/f) dreamt that I beat up an ex-friend(31/f) without restraint
My [27 M] boyfriend of two years read my emails [27 M] six months ago, I forgave him, now he's asked me to move in
I(20M) wish to be with my ex(19F), but I can’t trust her or any girl
Is my [23f] depressed friend [25f] toxic?
FWB (F) cried when i wanted to head on home
I feel on my own
GF(19f) never "accepts" compliments and just denies them
(28m)boyfriend of 7 months lost a long term ex to cancer 2 weeks ago. The way he’s grieving is making me (22f) feel insecure. Please help.
Am I asking too much?
Does it sounds Sociopath
My girlfriend doesn’t think she’s good enough for me and it’s ruining are relationship, at a loss what to do
Trying to eat healthy at home.....
I [18 M] broke up with my best ever girlfriend [19 F]
Problems...
I(34/f) dreamt that I beat up an ex-friend(31/f) with no restraint
S/O and our eating habits are hurting our relationship
Englishman visits an old friend in Russia but doesn't wanna go near her
My girlfriend thinks she isn’t good enough for me and it’s ruining our relationship
Eating healthy with my S/O
I [M17] constantly think about her [F16] everyday.
TRYING to eat healthy with my S/O.....
My fiancé [24m] has been diagnosed with multiple chronic illnesses, its make me [22f] second guess
How can I fix this?
How to get over it?
22F broke up with me (24M with mod depression/anxiety)
Do cheaters stay cheaters?
Did my (32M) girlfriend (32F) of 1-year really stop loving me that quickly?
I'm struggling to talk to people
The guy (30,M) I'm seeing (F,28) kept bringing up my roommate (F,28) on our third date.
I need help gf and snapchat
Should I (28F) believe that my bf (18M) was manipulated into cheating on me?
Is quarantining together ruining our relationship or revealing that it wasn't working? 26F and 28M together 1 year
How to tell to my friend that she's self-absorbed ?
[Me 19M] her [17F] A girl I was pretty good friends with does this?
I (M30) have questions about my last relationship (F30)
Am I (f23) expecting too much of my boyfriend (m27)?
I (19M) can’t stop feeling the way I do for her (20F)
I (19M) can’t stop feeling the way I do for her (20F)
I feel lost
So I met with the girl he cheated on me with
I (23f) broke up with the perfect guy (26m)
Is my bf being weird or am I just delusional?
My (21F) friend (21M) excluded me from his comprehensive "friends" chat, but it might be miscommunication
Am I in a healthy relationship
Is my bf being weird or am I just delusional?
Should I (28F) believe that my bf (18M) was manipulated into cheating on me?
Am I in a healthy relationship
A friend expected to come to my place uninvited. I said No and he’s spreading rumours about me.
GF (21f) of 4 months is uncomfortable because I (26m) exclaimed "let's drink til' we're naked" in front of friends at a bonfire.
How to Deal With My Friend?
I’m bi (F/22) and my bf (21) doesn’t want me to sleep over at my friends and lied about it
I’m bi (22) and my bf (21) doesn’t want me to sleep over at my friends and lied about it
I don’t want anything to do with my dads family.
Neighbor Leaves Dog on Balcony for Hours a Day
Close friend mad at me for something I said, says shes uncomfortable with me now
She's upset and I feel guilty...help?
How do I stop myself from being attached to people?
How To Deal with My Friend?
Relationships
I don’t want my dads family around me
Close friend mad at me for something I said, says shes uncomfortable with me now
How do I stop myself from becoming attached to people so quickly
abusive ex wants to make amends after years of no contact
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) doesn't take any precautions in regards to the virus and basically laughs in my face when I try to take extra precautions. She isn't a conspiracy theorist but she also thinks its 'not a big deal', and to me it is a big deal, because she has bad lungs.
Can a woman help me understand I'm trying really hard
Am I overthinking because my boyfriend never texts first?
My (22m) girlfriend (23f) had a huge panic attack because she saw a Muslim woman
My friend/girlfriend (21F) has started communicating with me less
not sure if I should continue (F27)
Am I overthinking?
My friend (f,26) stopped talking to me (f,27) out of nowhere
Please help me
abusive ex wants to make amends after years of no contact
Is it okay to stay in a romantic relationship without attraction?
how to tell your s/o that they do not compliment you enough
Am I [25M] a hopeless idiot or am I just really close with my friend[28F]?
I [25M] met a great girl [18F] in my college class, but the age difference makes me hesitate.
GF cooked for someone else and I hate it
My (25F) partner (27M) sat on my face and farted
Wat is the psychological thinking and reasoning behind my gf[F21]thinking
Not sure if I should continue (F27)
[25M] How can I be more assertive in arguments with my gf [25F] without being rude?
How can I be more assertive during arguments without being rude?
Is my mom right that I should cut off contact with my ex-girlfriend?
How can I be more alpha during an argument without being rude?
In a fight with my SO, how can I be alpha without being rude?
I [25M] met a great girl [18F] in my college class, but the age difference makes me hesitate.
Is my mom right that I should cut off contact with my ex-girlfriend?
I (23F) don’t know how to get my new boyfriend (26M) to please me in bed
My husbands video game usage is quickly becoming a problem and I’m not sure how to handle it without feeling like his mother
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] went on a 1 month cultural exchange with male friends and his girl bestfriend 2 years ago and I still suffer from occasional panic attacks and overall anixety. How can I overcome that experience?
What is the Psychological thinking of my gf?
My (25F) partner (27M) sat on my face and farted
My GF cooked for someone else, and I hate it.
Told a Girl [21F] That She Deserves Someone Better Than Me [22M]...
What advice can I (M25) offer my mum (F48) in regards to my brother's (M20) Girlfriend (F21) who is a freeloader that she wants gone from her home
My girlfriend keeps getting mad at me for judging her opinions(picking her apart from what makes her, her)
He gave me an ultimatum. Him or my dog!
I need privacy
Is there any chance?
Told a Girl She Deserved Someone Better...
I need privacy
Going nowhere?
My boyfriend [40M] is literally the worst kisser ever, but I [35F] still enjoy having sex with him and want to be with him...
Should I [28F] give my new boyfriend [30M] the choice of walking away now due to my bad situation?
Help, I need privacy
Is there any chance?
What advice can I (M25) give my mum about getting my brother's (m20) freeloading girlfriend out of her house.
Is it just me or does anyone else find smiling really sexy?
I want to have sex ~once per week. Girlfriend wants to have sex every day. She calls me "not normal" and "asexual."
He broke up with me because I won't get rid of my dog
My boyfriend is the worst kisser ever, but I still like it when he kisses me...
My husband (25M) posted my nudes on an incel forum without my (23f) consent
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) still talks regularly with a past hookup and I don’t know how to feel about it
AITA; Girlfriend and I broke up because I wanted to split the cost of food, it's normal.
Messages between my bf and underage girl may ruin relationship (bf perspective)
My (23F) boyfriend (22M) still talks to an past hookup and I don’t know how to feel about it
Is my ex trying to tell me he misses me??
Is my ex trying to tell me he misses me???
Why Can’t I Get Over Him?
Friend (30sf) Everyone Seems to Think is Perfect Takes Little Digs in Convo
Friend (30sF) Everyone Thinks is Amazing Takes Little Digs at Me (30sf)
What should I do about my sister?
Ex going hot and cold i need advice please!
Relationship help
Should I (F20) forgive my boyfriend (M20) for this thing he cannot remember doing?
Messages between my bf and underage girl may ruin relationship
Was there anyway I could have prevented this breakup?
Bro [25m] bought another bed just so we wouldn’t sleep in the same bed anymore. That makes me [16f] feel bad but he says it was “about time”.
Is there any chance?
Is there any chance?
I (20F) found a dick pic on my boyfriend’s (21M) phone that wasn’t his
Suicide prevention / Cars
I (20F) found a picture of another mans penis on my boyfriend’s (21M) phone
I'm planning my life as if my father whas to die (he's not)
How can I (32F) help my SO (31M) feel better about his parents not visiting due to COVID?
Messages between my[F20] bf [M20] and underage girl may ruin relationship (BF perspective)
I’m lost at what to do, any advice would be appreciated
I'm Planning My Life as If My Father Whas to Die (he's not)
Boyfriend (33m) does not approve of my (27f) social media use
I [21M] have a crush on a good friend [21F] where there was a weird middle ground before but I don’t think she feels similarly now
My (29M) girlfriend's (28F) dog (3F) is pushing me away.
Boyfriend says promise rings aren't for men.
I feel like I have no one in my life.
Messages between bf and underage girl may ruin our relationship (BF perspective)
Boyfriend says promise rings aren't for men.
tl:dr Is he really just not that into me?
Partner (33m) is livid that I (27f) have a social media presence
I feel like I have no one in my life.
Is he really just not that into me?
A girl who traumatized me in high school just got hired at my boyfriend’s office and I’m freaking out. Please help.
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) is giving me the silent treatment. Do I just assume we are over?
Am I [25M] a hopeless idiot or am I just really close with my friend[28F]?
Twin Relationship
Why does he only verbally abuse me when he's angry with me but nice to me when he's not?
My wife(42F) won't come to terms with my(50M) daughters (24F) online pics
Messages between bf and underage girl may ruin our relationship (Opposite Perspective)
Straight but attracted to guys
Speechless
Guy calls me his girlfriend after first date..red flag?
Guy calls me his girlfriend after first date.. red flag?
I (21F) don't know if I should be open about my depression to my boyfriend (23M)
No words
What does it mean when a guy calls you his gf after the first date
Why im here
Will my girlfriend ever recover from me cheating on her?
I (M(22) want my girlfriend (F/21) to quit her music career.
Straight but attracted to guys
Will my girlfriend ever recover from me cheating on her?
The Guy (29m) I'm (30f) dating keeps changing his name.
Ex's ex make me think less of her
I'm afraid he's [21/m] cheating. what should i do?
weird messages deleted history and some sort of trust issues??
I(20 F) don’t know what to do with what I feel about my(23 M) bf about our last conversation about his first love.
Is it alright to compare what you do for your partner in the relationship to what he does?
Am I (f18) wrong for avoiding having sex with my boyfriend (m18) (at the time)?
My ex-wife(34F) is allowing my son(6M) to crossdress and I(45M) can't get her to change her ways
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) leaves me out when with our friends
Got in touch with ex. Made me think about what we had
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) leaves me out when with our friends
idk what to feel
I [21F] Won Back my Ex Boyfriend’s [23M] Heart!!!
My boyfriend (24M) of 7 months and I (21F) are not functional together
28F with a 27M friend doesn’t change underwear everyday
My [27F] parents won't take steps to include my BF [27M] of 4 years in my brother's birthday celebrations.
Gaslighted for a year. Finally blocked him. Feel worse than ever.
I 31(M) married 12 yrs to my wife 29(F) support her going through midlife crisis.
Idk what to do
Idk what to do
Am I (f18) wrong for avoiding having sex with my boyfriend (m18) (at the time)?
I feel like my dad's mistress turned wife hates me for no legitimate reason.
28F with a 27M friend doesn’t change underwear everyday
Blue balls
How to break it off when your partner (M25) still loves you (F24)
I (M 21) am having extreme insecurities in my relationship with this girl(F 20)
My mother had an affair and I don't know how to process it
Confessed my feelings to friend. What to do now?
how do I (23M) get my girlfriend (21F) to rely more on me?
Is this weird
My teacher (39M) said he loves me (18F)
How do you break it off with somebody who still loves you?
Confessed my feelings to friend. What to do now?
Long-term partner keeps me hidden from family...shady??
Confessed my feelings to my friend. What to do now?
I'm (M21) telling someone (M28) about my bedwetting issues
How do you get someone to just clean up after themselves?
My gf (36/f) decided to buy a house 150 miles away behind my back and tells me via text that she wants us to move in together and this can be a great advancement in our relationship. Would you forgive her?
I (23F) am obsessed with being clean/following a specific routine. My boyfriend (27M) finds it frustrating, but if I don’t get my way I will feel very anxious/uncomfortable. Is this a sign of OCD?
I M 21 am having extreme insecurities about my relationship with F 20 need some advice...
How do you break up with somebody who still loves you?
My (28/F) boyfriend (31/M) has me make every decision and his go-with-the-flow attitude seems excessive. Weird or not?
I'm Missing Someone but Don't have anything to talk about with them
Is it OK if I (30M) write a lengthy goodbye email to my ex-girlfriend (30F)
I (F19) feel stupid for craving more attention from my bf (M19) who lives in a different city. Maybe we should stop texting everyday?
messages between bf and underage girl may ruin our relationship
The way my(23F) boyfriend (37M) talks about him ex hurts me. How can I be an open listener?
FWB (also now v close friend) is replicating our messed up ‘relationship’ with someone else and i’m hurt and confused. Need advice to move on
I (F30) with my boyfriend (M31) of 2 years - how do I stop obsessing over our relationship?
I’m confused as to how to feel about this. Is he interested? Should I not respond till Tuesday? He’s 27/m I’m a 28/f
Cannot for the life of me tell if this guy likes me or is just bored.
I (F19) feel stupid for wanting more attention from my bf (M19) who lives in a different city
Cannot for the life of me tell if this guy likes me or he’s just bored.
AITA for possibly knowing my younger sister could might gay? And if so am i hurting her for not acknowledging it?
F(19) suddenly gets cold feet with me M(19)
messages between my bf and underage girl may have ruined my relationship
Does it hurt less
Not sure if my bf and I are on the same page anymore about our future and can't figure out how to navigate this.
Girl gets cold feet becuase we can't see each other in real life?
Ex is threatening me
Not so confident about my relationship in the long term as I used to be, need your opinion reddit
Ex is threatening me
I(17M)keep dreaming of a girl who isnt my girlfriend
Twin relationship
Advice pls
Managing/delegating mental load vs doing it myself
My relationship has to many osciliations, need your advice redditors.
[23/M] why do girls keep ghosting me.
[23/M] I dont see what I'm doing wrong but things you well then I get blocked
Niceguy can't get a date?
Do girls get off on playing guys?
Advice
Sexual and beyond ..me-33 my fiancee-25
Is it a bad sign if good morning texts slow down? (23M) (21F)
Is it fair for a lady to pay the bills on a date
I (20M) cheated on my girlfriend (19) of 3 years with a prostitute 2 days ago and now we’re done for good
Mr. Niceguy doesn't have a clue about women.
GF Got pregnant with Other man
I (20M) cheated on my girlfriend (19) of 3 years with a prostitute 2 days ago and now we’re done for good
How to stop feeling guilty for being vulnerable and open up more?
conversation with girl i am dating
My Ex GF Got Pregnant With My Mutual Friend
how do I(23M) get my girlfriend(21F) to talk about her problems with me?
On my (20F) side of things, it feels as if we (21M) can’t break the ice (fwb). What to do??
My (F31) friend ( F30 ) is judging my relationship !!
Is anyone tired of phone sex? (maybe NSFW?)
Friend (F30) of 10 years is judging my relationship with my SO ( M33 ) I’m a 30 year old grown woman !!
On my side of things, it feels as if we can’t break the ice (fwb)
How to stop feeling guilty for being vulnerable and open up more?
Would you be angry if you had a friend like this ?
My gf bought a house behind my back out of the blue and texts me if I want to move in together.
Where to find the One. Asking for a friend (27F)
My friend of 10 years is judging my relationship , im super pissed WWYD
Where to One. Asking for a friend. (27F)
Just a story for people not to make my mistakes I guess (teenage relationship mistakes)
Where to find the One. Asking for a friend (27F)
Where to find the One. Asking for a friend.
Storm survivors
I don't think my SO respects me
Can a friendship still be an emotional affair if it’s older than the relationship?
My brother (20m) and me (22f) had a fight and now I don’t feel safe at our home
I (f20) broke someone’s heart and I don’t know what to do with myself
Being the mature one in the relationship
my roommate [30f] is entitled and kinda evil
Help, BF lies, addiction and mental health (long)
I (28M) want to make sure my partner (29F) don't become the same person.
My [18M] really nosey neighbor [F] told my mom that I brought a woman [50sF] over to the house. How could I get her to stop being so involved?
How do I (32M) improve trust in professional relationships?
what does this mean?
How do I (32M) improve trust in professional relationships?
Help, BF lies, addiction and mental health (long)
My BF (30M) ghost me (24F) when mad
How to improve trust in professional relationships?
I feel like I (27)F have reached the end of the road with my boyfriend (26) M
Am I doing the right thing?
I’m out of town and think my husband may be cheating on me again!! I need advice on how location tracking on iPhones work. Do y’all think I’m worrying too much or is there something to this?? Thanks in advance.
When/How to I talk to my boyfriend about our unsatisfactory sex life?
Should I (F20) stay with my boyfriend (M20) if he may or may not have made a terrible childhood mistake?
ماهیگیری زوج‌های جوان
I’m out of town and think my husband may be cheating on me again!! I need advice on how location tracking on iPhones work. Do y’all think I’m worrying too much or is there something to this?? Thanks in advance.
How do I (23F) get over someone (25F) who ghosted me?
Boyfriend (30m) angry with me (25f) for “lurking”
Should I [32M] break up with my new girlfriend [28F] after she lost her job?
5 Years Down the Drain?
UPDATE: Ex girlfriend said she 'misses us' but...
Should I [32M] break up with my new girlfriend [28F] after she lost her job?
Is my husband cheating, again?!
Boyfriend (30 m) pissed at me (25 f) for “lurking”
UPDATE: "Ex girlfriend said she 'misses us' but..."
Is my husband cheating, again?!
My life is a mess
My bf is awful.
spouse writing frequent sexual content with someone else
Is it necessary to tell my bf about my lack of sexual history?
spouse is writing a lot of sexual content roleplay with someone else
Girl I work with has been flirting but she has a boyfriend, whats the deal? [19M] [19f]
My girlfriend [f26] lied to me [m25]
How do I (25F) talk to my boyfriend (28M) about death?
My girlfriend [f27] lied to me [m25]
My (31M) life is a mess
How do I (25) talk to my boyfriend (28) about death?
Girl I work with has been flirting but she has a boyfriend, whats the deal?
Is it necessary to tell my bf about my lack of sexual history?
(Update) me 34M looking at wife 34F old pics
Am I out of line?
continuing a forbidden relationship
(Updates) to the pandora box of looking at wife old pics
(M19) How do you feel about your ex/first love?
(Update) to the pandora box of wife old pictures
My boyfriend told me to leave him be but it's his birthday
Is anyone else like this? 24M
How do you feel about your ex/ first love?
Emotionally detached from conservative Chinese parents. How do I (19f) coexist with them under the same roof?
Is she cheating?
continuing a forbidden relationship
continuing a forbidden relationship
Need advice..
My [21M] ex girlfriend [F21] wants to get back together a month after I broke up with her. She made me miserable when we were together, but says she's realized how awful she was, and wants me to give her a chance. Please help me figure out the right course of action.
Girlfriend( 21)thinks I'm cheating( 31)
How to know if you finally found the right kind of person?
My [21M] ex girlfriend [F21] wants to get back together a month after I broke up with her. She made me miserable when we were together, but says she's realized how awful she was, and wants me to give her a chance. Please help me figure out the right course of action.
Not sure if this is the right thread?
I only want to have sex ~once per week. Girlfriend wants to have sex every day. She says I'm "not normal" and "asexual."
How do I [22F] be a good Auntie? What should Aunties do?
needing advice
Young love, drugs, music and confusion. Am I being stupid?
Posting for a friend/ her narc boyfriend did this.
Posting for a friend, boyfriend who’s narcissistic and did this.
Girlfriend being unappreciative and ungrateful
Am I (F20s) making a big deal out of my dad’s (M50s) racist/inappropriate behavior?
Friend (19) doesn't act the same anymore
Friend(19) doesn't act the same anymore
Friend doesn't act the same anymore
I’ve Ignored Him for an Entire Week
my boyfriend cheated on me almost 2 years ago
I (29/f) met someone 1yr and 4m ago, he (29/m) fell in love with me and another woman - we're now "friends" and I am starting to get confused
I’ve Ignored Him for an Entire Week
I’ve Ignored Him for an Entire Week :(
Am I (21F) overthinking things with my friend (20sM)?
I'm (M24) Afraid that Others Finding Out if I'm in a Relationship will Ruin their Image of Me and Lead to Embarrassment for Me
Me , him & his ex
The guy [34M] I'm dating told me he has anxiety and now I'm [25F] questioning some of my actions and whether I upset him
where did i go wrong?
How many times you broke up with the same person to realize its not working out.”?
Should I [17F] cut off my friends [all 17F] for disregarding my boundaries?
My (21F) Boyfriend (25M) claims that his hurtful reactions are justified.
Would a guy look at a girl for two years only out of curiosity?
My [20F] best friend [20F] used my mental state as an excuse to stop her other best friend [20F] from dating my ex [21M] without my knowledge.
I (29/f) met someone 1yr and 4m ago, he (29/m) fell in love with me and another woman - we're now "friends" and I am starting to get confused
Can’t tell if I was used by a crush because she was bored and horny with no other options tonight, and it’s destroying me mentally.
I (23f) think my friend (20m) is ghosting me after our relationship took a weird turn. Should I try to open a dialog about it or continue the silence?
My (21F) friend (21M) of 3+ yrs excluded me from a new "friends" chat, but it might be miscommunication
Can’t tell if I was used by a crush because she was bored and horny tonight and had no other options, and it’s crushing me mentally.
Would a guy look at a girl for two years only out of curiosity?
I'm in love with this girl I haven't even talked to
Can’t tell if I was used by a crush because she was bored and horny with no other options tonight, and I honestly don’t know what to do
I'm in love with this girl I haven't even talked to
I (23f) think my friend (20m) is ghosting me after our relationship took a weird turn. Should I try to open a dialogue or leave him in peace?
Does my hookup have a right to be like this?
Would a guy look at a girl for two years only out of curiosity?
Does my hookup have a right to be like this?
I (28f) don't know what to do about my partner's (30m) lack of effort to achieve.
Clingy Hookup
I (28f) don't know what to do about my partner's (30m) lack of effort to achieve
Ex boyfriend
Advice ?
My (28f) Friend (24f) always asks me all kinds of questions she can get answers from google. I'm so fed up with it.
My [26 M] ex sent me nudes while I’m in a relationship with my girlfriend [26 F] of a year. I didn’t stop her at first but did now. What do I do
I wanted this girl. Just couldn’t figure out her game. And I don’t know how to make a move. Kinda Long
5 years together. Starting to feel doubtful.
My (23F) Boyfriend (27M) is feeling overwhelmed at work and it’s destroying his mental health. I don’t know what I can do to help him.
telling the truth...
My(25M) GF( 19F) doesn't want to hang out without our friends
I'm (30M) constantly thinking about EX (28F).
My (25M) GF ( 19FM) doesn't want to hang out with me without our friends
My mother seems jealous over my (m19) girlfriend (F18). Is this normal and has anyone had a similar experience?
(21f) my boyfriend (21m) doesn’t want to get a real job and is now getting kicked out
My [25F] boyfriend's best friend's wife [30F] is causing drama. How do we proceed?
My(24M) GF(19F) doesn't want to hang out alone with me
Daughter (13) of a family friend (50F) admitted abuse to me(26F) and my husband (27M). What do I do now?
Can someone be too busy?
Constantly thinking about EX
My gf (25f) of 5 years and I (25m) had a fight and an unsuccessful attempt at resolving it. I need help making it right.
single
Aftermath of relationship problems, dealing with lingering physical reactions
My (21f) boyfriend (21m) basically refuses to get a real job and is getting kicked out.
(20 F) scared to losse Her (24m) boyfriend and suffers from anxiety.
My (f/21) bf (m/21) has always compared our jobs.
My gf (25f) of 5 years and I (25m) had a fight and an unsuccessful attempt at resolving it. I need help making it right.
breakup
Boyfriend showed violence tonight
How can I tell if my guy feels pressured by me? How can I show him how important his feelings and consent are to me?
breakup
(20F) fears to loose her (24M) and have anxiety.
Burger?
My gf (25f) of 5 years and I (25m) had a fight and an unsuccessful attempt at resolving it. I need help making it right.
Boyfriend showed violence tonight
My deceased brother’s ex-girlfriend (F24) is posting things that my family find are inappropriate online. What should I do if she doesn’t stop after I asked her to quit posting?
My (23f) bf (23m) doesn’t remember things that bother me
My (23f) bf (23m) doesn’t remember things that bother me
Gf has had a rough upbringing and i’m trying but worried?
Burger
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) never wants to have sex anymore and it's ruining my self esteem. Is he just not attracted to me anymore?
My [18/M] bf is overprotective of what I [19/F] wear
This is my first time using Reddit and it's 1am and i have nobody to turn to so hi I'm oeht
Feeling like an option to my boyfriend and it hurts.
My dad (m78) is very problematic and I (f24) don’t know how live with his behavior even after I move out by the end of the year.
i (f20) broke someone’s heart and I can’t deal with the pain
Any way past this?
Is there anyway past this?
The one that got away
Please help me
GF hates baby momma
Rant: My dad (m78) is a horrible parent and problematic and I (f24) just want a normal adult life without him involved
Hi, i’m not sure what to do and i don’t want to lose my best friend
Hi this is my first time on Reddit. So yeah i could really use a lil perspective.
My friend has cancer so I do anything she asks and feel immensely guilty if I don’t
I (21F) am so insecure and I feel it negatively affecting my relationship with my partner (26M)
How should I [24F] communicate my feelings to my SO [23M] when I can't trust my own perceptions
What should I (24M) do about my girlfriend (21F)? Almost two year long relationship
How should I react when I feel hurt but don't trust my own perception
What should I (24M) do about my girlfriend (21F)? Almost two years together
What should I (24M) do about my girlfriend (21F)? Almost two years
What is the "right thing" to do when you feel hurt and angry
Next week, my SO (27F) and I (27M) are celebrating 2 years of dating; how can I make it a romantic day during quarantine?
The one that got away....guilt
what should I [24M] do with my girlfriend [21F]?
What should I do?
Next Tuesday, my SO (27F) and I (27M) will have our second anniversary of dating; what makes a great gift/gesture?
He’s gone (30m) him and his never-ending list of problems
Career Choice Ruining My Relationship
Me [23M] am being used a backup by a girl [22F]. Need advise on how to proceed with this?
Me (22F) updates from my boyfriend (24M) on his social media gives me anxiety for seemingly no reason
I have to tell my friend I’m not up to be a groomsman at his wedding due to a health issue. How do I find my balls to do it? (Us both 37)
individual
How to help my wonderful GF through her new bipolar disorder.
How to help my wonderful GF through her new bipolar and more.
Am I being rude?
my (19M) girlfriend (19F) never initiates anything
i (19M) always have to initiate things with my girlfriend (19F)
My (28F) bf (33M) boyfriend is ignoring me on our anniversary vacation
Please help
Need advice regarding sisters behavior
I am not sexually attracted to my boyfriend...
I (27F) lied to my boyfriend (30M) about why I was dumping him.. now he thinks I was the problem, not him- should I tell him the truth now?
Drunk boyfriend (27 m) is always yelling at me (23 f)
I don’t know how to (or even if I should) move forward in my relationship.
Concern for sister's relationship...could use advice.
Text from my Ex.
Boyfriend lost his job and my parents aren’t happy
I (24F) am upset because of how my boyfriend (20M) responded to me sharing a very traumatic part of my life
I've been thinking about my ex recently. Idk if it's the lockdown or what's going on.
I (25F) am worried about my boyfriend’s (26M) behavior with his friends while pretending to watch baseball
BF lost job and my parents aren’t happy
My boyfriend and his female roommate
I [24/F] am so tired of my boyfriend [30/M] playing video games all the time.
My boyfriend and his female roommate
I feel betrayed by my boyfriend
Bf won’t stop liking revealing pics + lied about it
I habitually date older guys. I'd love some advice on something ~
Neighbors can see into my fenced in yard and kitchen.
my bf ex keep trying to contact him
Neighbors can see into my fenced in yard and kitchen.
Ahshhshs
ex cried when I deleted an app that updates her my location 24/7
My girlfriend's gay friend made fun of my foot fetish
Boyfriend (33M) ignoring me (28F) on vacation
The conflicts between my girlfriend [21f] of 6 months and me [23m] always seem to blow way out of proportion, I don't know how to get past it or if I should be dating this woman at all.
Is my (26 F) roommate blowing things out of proportion when I (28 M) asked her to do extra things if I'm going to cover her rent?
honestly just something cute i gotta day
HELP! My boyfriend won’t stop liking provocative pics and lied about it to me!
In tears.
Help me please
Advice on breaks in a relationship?
I(22F) don't know how to stop being mean to my dad(49M)
I (F27) think I need to breakup with the love of my life (M27) because I don't think we're compatible as partners
I’m dating someone who sounds sarcastic when he’s trying to be sweet/genuine. Is this tolerable?
Me, a slender Woman (F21) vs the dating world
I (27 M) developed a huge crush on a friend (26 F) when I thought she was Single. But she happens to have a Boyfriend and I slowly avoided her and now I need closure.
I (20F) have discovered some things in my mom's (48F) laptop that make me believe she's gay, or at least questioning.
My girlfriend's gay friend made fun of my foot fetish
There’s something I can’t really let go of. Help.
Currently going through a break with my boyfriend of 2 years. I don’t know what to do? Is it just no talking? Does anyone have any advice, I’m obviously quite upset as I haven’t gone a day without speaking to him usually.
Me, my man & his ex
29[F4M]Inpatient in a Hospital in Seattle due to Pneumonia and a Plural Effusion - Which means Insomnia while things beep. And I forgot my Mouse!
My boyfriend
I (F27) think I need to breakup with the love of my life (M27) because I don't think we're compatible as partners
This is weird but... has anyone here ever dated someone who seems sarcastic when he/she is trying to be sweet/genuine? Any advice?
I have a much higher libido than my girflriend (both in early 20s)
This is weird... but has anyone ever dated someone who always sounds sarcastic when they’re trying to be sweet or genuine?
What are you supposed to do when you are in a relationship but have a crush on someone else?
What are you supposed to do when you are in a relationship and have a huge crush on someone else?
HOW DO I DELETE THIS TF?
Found out my (30m) gf (30f) lied about her sexual past minutely, but I would not have cared, so why lie?
Breakup advice?
In this situation, would you give me the time of day?
My ex boyfriend [27 M] and I [24 F] broke up during quarantine Need advice
I (21F) can't get over someone I went on one date with 3 months ago?
I [23f] have always been cheated on. It’s gotten to the point where I think something is wrong with me.
My ex boyfriend [27 M] and I [24 F] broke up during quarantine
Nurse
My (29F) boyfriend (29M) says things haven’t changed when they clearly have
Is it okay to ask your partner to lose weight if it's because you are concerned for their health?
Post breakup anger
Why do I (24M) keep getting cancelled on?
How much does money matter? (20M)
Breakup advice?
My so doesn't believe me about anything
Stressed-out boyfriend wouldn't 'claim' me. Was I wrong to break up with him last week?
My (29F) boyfriend (29M) says things haven’t changed when they clearly have.
Stuck in a relationship
Physical vs emotional relationship? Can I be with someone that I'm not physically attracted to?
Emotional vs Physical attraction
I (23F) told my niece (6F) that I’m not biologically related to her and my dad is mad I told her
My (M39) Ex (38F) (9months) contacted me to tell me she'd slept with one of my co-workers.. but won't say any more.
How much is money a factor? (20M)
What amount of socializing can I reasonably expect from my emotionally abusive husband?
How do I (22F) cope with a very talkative grandmother (~70)
Is my boyfriend disrespecting me?
My boyfriend won’t stop listening to loud music what do I do
I [24M] am ruining my wife's [24F] life
Why do I feel like I’m being forced to feel comfortable??
My girlfriend (28f) has a problem with my (37m) a tattoo of my ex's name.
My wife [28] had a negative altercation with my mother [49] and is now letting it effect our relationship.
Girlfriend (23) has periods of intense apathy that have left me (25m) worried about our future
Please help I really need it right now!
I [24M] am ruining my wife's life [24F]
What's your relationship like? Why do you stay? What makes you want to leave?
I [22F] am uncomfortable that my bf 29[M] looks at porn
How do I ask her to facetime tonight?
I (28M) think it may be time to end things with my SO(31F) (xpost r/relationship_advice)
New kink?
My(26M) parents(50s) relationship is taking a toll on me & I need some advice
My [28] had a negative occurance with my mother [49] and is not letting it effect our relationship.
Ready to be pounded
Girlfriend (23f) has periods of intense apathy that are have left me (25m) worried for the future
My boyfriend [30M] told my I'm [26F] physically unattractive and wants to be my Personal Trainer
I (20F) Badly Hurt A Best Friend (21F) And Don’t Know If I Damaged Our Relationship For Good
I (20f) Badly Hurt A Best Friend (21F) And Don’t Know If I Damaged Our Friendship for Good
I (20m) don’t know what to do regarding my (18m) ex
I (20m) don’t know what to do regarding trying again with my (18m) ex
My mental breakdown and toxic habits ruined my relationship. Is it a good idea to apologize and do I have any shot at making it better.
My (22F) boyfriend (26M) of three years has not acknowledged my college graduation that happened three weeks ago and it has upset me.
Is it normal to still care for emotionally abusive ex
Boyfriend[M; 30] is into self-help and basically thinks he’s better than me [F;25] because he has it “all figured out”. I feel like I’m going crazy...
UPDATE Should I [30F] tell my brother [34M] that he's gone viral? His ex-wife [30F] published a popular article about how shitty he is.
Ex (20f) texts me for the first time in almost a year (23m)
So I like this girl at work...
Caught feelings, she’s playing me?
My (22F) family has a history of suicide and it drives me away from them
Where is the line between knowing what you want and nitpicking a la Jerry Seinfeld?
My Wife [28] had a negative occurence with my mother [49] and is now letting the interaction effect our relationship.
Boyfriend[M; 30] is into self-help and basically thinks he’s better than me [F;25] because he has it “all figured out”. I feel like I’m going crazy...
Advice after being a toxic partner while I was dealing with a mental breakdown
Showing me BF he’s a good man?
My best from [23F] wants me to chase her
My (22F) boyfriend (26M) didn't acknowledge my college graduation - do I have the right to be upset?
I (24F) am feeling exhausted by my depressed partner (22M)?
Help--my girlfriend (19f) feels like I'm (20m) smarter than her?
My Best Friend Wants Me To Chase Her
Boyfriend (now ex) is into self-help and basically thinks he’s better than me because he has it “all figured out”. I feel like I’m going crazy...
Opinions about President and news media slightly affecting how I feel.
How do I show my boyfriend how worthy he is?
Why do some people almost exclusively post on social media about their relationships? And why do others never post about their relationships? Is there a happy medium?
Where is the line between knowing what you want and nitpicking a la Jerry Seinfeld?
Should I [23M] buy her [22F] the Gift ?
In a great relationship, but my mom complicates everything.
In a great relationship, but my mom complicates everything.
I finally got out and now what?
Should I (F20) talk to my boyfriend (M20) about my past trauma?
I (21F) feel super disconnected from my family ever since my dad was murdered in JA .. & like I know its me.. I dont know how to relate to them the same way I do with people Im actually close with, but my friends are different.. they dont judge me.
Husband hiding alcohol
I have been in a very unhealthy relationship for 4 years now and have wanted to leave for 2 years but have not been able to. I now have a crush on another guy and want to leave more than ever
THE WOMAN MEN ADORE
I'm trans (35FtM). I've had a female friend (37F) for the last 9 years, but now we've started getting closer after staying together during quarantine. I transitioned at 22 before I knew her and nobody I'm not out to anyone I currently know. How do I tell her?
my boyfriend is the sweetest bean i've ever seen
My(22M) partner(24F) slapped me and threw something at me. Am I overreacting
Am I being cat fished?
My 15 year old little brother is a little asshole and my parents hate when I [21] call them out on it
My (22F) BF (24M) won’t stand up for anything
Rgvttbbttb
my SO is stressed about money and taking it out on me
I’m(21) Thinking about cutting of my family(haven’t seen in 8 years) due to my mom(40)!!! Honest advice needed.
Parenting with Empathy
How do you live with someone who doesn’t help you?
My online friend hasn’t answered in a few days, should I ask if he’s okay?
Feeling second
My bf (23M) is super excited about buying me jewelry for my (23F) birthday but I’m having relationship doubts
My(22M) partner(24F) slapped me and threw something at me. Am I overreacting
What's your top 3 deal breakers on a partner that aren't related to behavior (abusive, afraid to commit, etc) but rather to personal preference (not dog person, doesn't dance, etc)??
Online friendship advice
Friend wants to go back to a girl that broke his heart and has a boyfriend whom she said she’ll never date.
Online friendship advice
I [22m] am being asked to pay utility bills for a place which I no longer live by a friend [22m]
My best friend ghosted me twice and I feel shattered
I (20m) feel like I’ve lost myself trying to rebuild with a toxic ex (18m)
I [22m] am being asked to pay utilities for a place that I no longer live by a friend [22m]
Is it okay to stay in a romantic relationship without attraction?
Boyfriend thinks I'm physically unattractive and wants to be my personal trainer
My (23F) friend's (23M) girlfriend (22F) is really starting to bum me out
I (F18) have a lot of relationship anxiety; Any Advice?
Marriage of convenience
Marriage of convenience
Marriage of convenience
What did my (32M) ex (32F) mean by this statement?
My cousin blocked me after I told her that her fiance was cheating, what can I do to fix this?
I feel like whenever my (20M) boyfriend (19M) (gay lol) and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple
My (25M) girlfriend (23F) keeps sleeping over but doesn't want to have sex
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) said some stuff while drunk and I feel a little hurt by it
I feel like whenever my (20M) boyfriend (19M) (gay lol) and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) boyfriend said some wild stuff while drunk and idk if I’m being oversensitive or not
Is solo sex normal for long term relationships?
How do you live with someone who doesn’t help you?
Is solo sex normal in long term relationships? I’m struggling to understand and accept my fiancé’s habits and overcome my feelings of inadequacy and hurt.
I (29 F) want to confront my dad (61 M) about his abusive behavior around my mom that I witnessed while growing up but I’m not sure
Me [34 M] What's it like getting into a serious relationship a little later in life?
I (22M) feel insecure about my boyfriend's (21M) past hookups. What should I do to ease my mind?
I feel like whenever my (20M) boyfriend (19M) (gay haha) and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple
Text from my Ex. Should I reply?
I feel like whenever my boyfriend and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple. Should I let him know I want some alone time without any friends once in a while?
Please Help
I (29F) have a budding relationship (~2 months in) with a 39M, but we're both freshly out of abusive relationships and want to change that pattern. Ideas?
My (27F) best friend (26F) keeps making plans with me, and then ditching me if her boyfriend isn't interested.
I just cut ties with someone I've been talking to for 3 months and I have questions.
I (21F) don’t think my boyfriend (21M) is capable of prioritizing communication
Ex-girlfriend(f22) is sending me unsolicited pictures of her
Is it too possessive of me (15m) to get jealous because if my girlfriend's (16f) password?
Is this a sign that my BF doesn't respect me or am I just being overly sensitive?
How to respond to unsupportive comments
[M20] Will things ever get better for me?
Am I being irrational???
How do I (28M) emotionally prepare to say goodbye to my ex (28F) in a few days?
How can I (22F) support my best friend (40F) during her chemo?
i feel so lost and alone
How can I (22F) support my best friend (40F) during chemo?
Boyfriend [20] wants me [18] to change my profile picture to what he wants but not willing to do the same for me.
Today I found out my mom died four days ago
I don't really have preferences.
I am better at being single.
My engagement fell through, how do I stop being so disillusioned?
My ex deceived me completely but I can't get over her
My boyfriend cheated on me
Best friend slept with a girl who he knows I’m in love with
My girlfriend (30f) of 1.5 years is angry at me (26f) for sharing my Hulu with my friend (26m)
My boyfriend (28 M) just broke up with me (28 F) after 9.5 years together because he cannot commit - I am his first love.
My twin doesn't love me
Am I not meant to be in a relationship? How do I start moving on?
Boundaries in relationship with depressed girlfriend.
How to help a pessimistic friend?
Am I exaggerating?
[29F] trying to help pessimistic friend [28M]
Am I exaggerating?
How to end a toxic friendship without closure
Confidence shot after breakup....normally self-assured. How do I move on?
My(27F) mom(56F) is making my life a living hell
Relationship_Advice
Helping a pessimistic friend?
Is it okay to take some time to yourself instead of building relationships?
I [f/25] keep falling into relationships where I feel like I put more energy than is reciprocated. Latest relationship with [m/26] made me uncomfortably aware of it.
How to end a toxic friendship without closure
Anyone Ended Long Term Relationship Over Marriage Views?
Me [40] and ex-GF [30] tried to be friends and it failed. What don't I get about boundaries?
I don't know what I want my bf to say, I just know he isn't saying it
Is virginity acceptable for men.
My boyfriend (28 M) just broke up with me (28 F) after 9.5 years together because he cannot commit - I am his first love.
I don't know what I want him to say, I just know he isn't saying it
Ygsgss
My(27F) mom(56F) has made my life a living hell
How do you let someone down who you're not into?
My(27F) mom(56F) detests me and I want her to leave me alone.
Should I (M22) stay in a relationship with my girlfriend (F20) even though she is passive?
My twin brother doesn't love me
It's all falling apart and I feel like ending it...
I am uncomfortable with my SO's parents
I hated my younger brother for no reason growing up. Is that semi-normal? I feel like deep down there must be something wrong with me.
Should I peruse a relationship in which the girl is passive?
Does my match (19F) like me (18F)?
Boyfriend wants me to change my profile picture to what he wants but not willing to do the same for me.
Does my match (19F) like me (18F)? Not in a relationship ATM.
Will she start talking again after the 3 days she said or do I have no chance of talking to her again?
My(21M) on and off girlfriend (22F) has continuous guilt about our sex life
Why did I hate my little brother growing up? I feel so guilty. I feel like deep down I must not feel empathy or something.
Boyfriend (24) wants space from me (f21).... we’ve not seen each other for almost 3 months
Is it childish that I removed my ex from social media? M27 F25
Is it childish that I removed my ex from social media? M27 F25
My (21M) on again off again girlfriend (20F) continuously feels guilty about our relationship
Any good book / article recommendations for a partner whose spouse has PTSD and GAD?
How do you know when it's time to end a friendship?
How do I stop resenting my sister?
How do I stop resenting my sister?
I (16M) dont know how to tell my parents (43F and 44M) that I want to get therapy
I’m (33F) not sure how to comfort my grieving husband (38M) TW;
I (16m) dont know how to tell my parents (43f and 44m) that I want to get therapy.
I think I’m no longer independent when it comes to my boyfriend.
I (16m) dont know how to tell my parents (43f and 44m) that I want to get therapy
Son-in-law [21M] has been staying in my [42F] and my partner’s [53M] home for two months and I want him to leave
How to help a friend with anxiety and overthinking
Fiancee (32f) kicked me (27m) out today and I don't know if we can fix our relationship.
I (16m) dont know how to tell my parents (43f and 44m) that I want therapy
How to help a friend with anxiety and overthinking
I used the word abuse. Am I being overdramatic?
My ex (23M) refuses to leave me and my dog alone
Is this normal?
Fiancee (32f) kicked me (27m) out today, don't know if we can fix our relationship.
I (30F) don't know if I should give up on my relationship
Ex (M22) is contacting me (F20) more than ever
Son-in-law [21M] has been staying in my [42F] and my partner’s [53M] home for two months and I want him to leave.
how do I tell my parents I want therapy
My parents found out I was bisexual 6 years ago and now we don’t talk about it
WIBTA if I end a long standing friendship?
I (F27) discovered my father’s (M62) affair 10 years ago. Tonight I think I found proof that it’s still going on.
I’m feeling resentful towards pregnant sister
Do you think it's weird when normal guys go out with child like girls/woman
I (30F) don't know if I should give up on my boyfriend (28M)
I (F20) tried to set a boundary with my boyfriend (M20) and he said he doesn't care about my feelings.
A short film made during lockdown
Me [37 M] with my GF [27 F] of 2 years. I valued my trust of her, she broke it, need to figure out how to restore. Need help dealing w temptation to spy.
Am I overdramatic?
Why is she doing this?
Dealing with difficult family members?
Will she come back after the stated time? Or will she continue to ignore me?
im 23 need female advice
Quite the pickle. How do I handle this?
Feeling guilty because I thought of my ex as a starter boyfriend
Bf is too good for house work
im 23 male and need female advice
my boyfriend’s time is too valuable for manual work
women..i need advice :)??
Is my dad (m55) abusive to the rest of us living here (f60) (m20) (f22)
I (20F) think i’m in a toxic relationship with my best friend (19F)
my boyfriend would rather pay someone else for manual work when he’s/ we are perfectly capable
My [22f]girl best friend kissed [19]me and I enjoyed it. How do I tell my [18f]girlfriend?
I (26M) am thinking of challenging my friend(25M) to a duel for the hand of the girl we both like (26F).
Would a duel be a good way to settle my (26M) and my friend 25(M)'s fight over a girl (25F)?
Am I being gaslit?
Is my dad (m55) abusive to the rest of us living here (f60) (m20) (f22)
Would a duel be a good way to settle my (26M) and my friend 25(M)'s fight over the same girl?
Confused if I(f19) should believe my bf(19)
My (20F) best friend (19F) secretly hates me.
It was important my girlfriend and I finished this book together, but she stopped after the third chapter
So bored of my boyfriend
How to get fiance to show me more attention?
My girlfriend [24F] threatens to dump me [28M] because I don't post anything of her on my Instagram, she insists I must be hiding something.
Looking for advice! My boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in an argument because I found out he is forming online relationships on a social network game (IMVU) that he plays.
What does it mean when a guy removes you from all his social media?
My [22f]girl best friend kissed me and I[19] enjoyed it. How do I tell my [18f] girlfriend.
Looking for advice! My boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in an argument because I found out he is forming online relationships with people on a social network game (IMVU) that he plays.
What does it mean when a guy removes you from all his social media?
Depression affecting more than just myself
Confused about my (F22) feeling towards my relationship with my boyfriends (M24)
Do I (F26) have a good reason to be annoyed with my roommate (F27)?
S.O.S
Relationship advice please! Boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in an argument because I found out he is having online relationships on a social network game he plays (IMVU).
How can I stop getting irrationally annoyed with my mother when I know she means well?
I (24F) don’t know what it’s like to be in a healthy relationship and it’s beginning to interfere with my relationship with my boyfriend (24F)
How can I stop getting so irritated with my mother when I know she means well?
Do I (F26) have a good reason to be annoyed with my roommate (F27)?
My ex stepdad might be coming back and I’m very frustrated with it all
I [23F] have a fat ol’ crush on my new roommate. [24M]
How can I (21M) cut off a toxic friend (22F) without involving my wife/her friend (28F) in a lot of drama?
My 22(M) boyfriend has just told me he has a low sperm count and might not be able to have children
How to get over a lover who wasn't even mine?
Boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in a fight because he feels that nothing is wrong with him being in online "relationships " on a social network game (IMVU) that he plays on
I think my last relationship has ruined me forever
Is PLAN B reliable??!
How do I apologize and is it possible they’ll come back?
I don’t know how to balance my boyfriend and my eating disorder.
How do I get them back?
A relationship full of resentment and bitterness; is there anything I can do? Need help and advice
Did i overreacting?
It is becoming tough for me (f22) to live with my parents (f60, m62)
My (M22) Boyfriend is acting spontaneously nice to me (F20)
Should I (24/f) tell my long distance boyfriend (29/m) I technically cheated on him? Or should I just break up and not share that detail?
Should I (20F) let go of the crime my BF (21M) did before we even met?
20 year old male relationship advice
Living with boyfriend 23M for 6 months, feeling unsure about our relationship and not sure how to feel or think
My mum (48) is upset that I (F/18) don’t show affection
I(22F) was continuing convo with stranger(??M)
I(22F) was continuing convo with stranger(??M)
I(22F) was continuing inappropriate convo with stranger(??M)
Mum (48) is upset that I (18) find it hard to show physical affection
My (F20) Boyfriend (M22) is acting strangely nice
guy who ghosted me texts back 1 year later
Should I (27F) let go of my toxic BFF (26F)
My Boyfriend’s mom is blaming my family and I for their rocky and difficult relationship.
guy who ghosted me texts me back 1 year later
My [19] boyfriend [24] is boring over text, what should I do?
My [19] boyfriend [24] is really boring over text and we’re doing long distance
In a second marriage, is it unfair for the higher earned to contribute more in dollars to retirement than the lower earner?
Hiv positive bf kept it from me and I don’t know if I should break up.
My boyfriend of four years would choose to break up before moving to another state with me
Would I be the asshole if I break up with my other half because he hid the fact that he had HIV
Selfish fiancé - can we make it long term??
35F 38M The trust is I'm a shitty person and he's not
Do you think dating is just a game that not everyone is fit to play?
My boyfriend is so boring over text and we’re doing long distance
Feeling suffocated by my well-meaning family
My boyfriend of four years would choose to break up before moving to another state with me
What’s the minimum a guy needs to make for you to date him
My (28f) husband(32m) keeps contacting his past on/off ex gf behind my back! Is he cheating on me?
My ex [F24] gf violated my [M42] trust multiple times. Is there still a chance we can ever get happy together?
Confidence completely shot after breakup, normally self-assured...
MY (21) BOYFRIEND (31)WONT LET ME BREAK UP WITN HIM OVER MY DISTRUST OF HIM. I LOVE HIM WHAT DO I DO?
Boyfriend (31m) won't stop taking care of sister (31f) financially even though I (21f) have valid points as to why he should stop.
Male [26] need advice on what to do a about ex gf [24] playing hot and cold after she said she wants to be with me.
S if you’re reading this
Boyfriend (31m) wont stop taking care of sister(31f) and nephews even though I (21f) have valid points as to why he should tone it down.
My [41m] ex-wife [40f] told our daughter [14f] that if she doesn’t do well in school, she will turn into a hooker like my wife [29f] and in general has become a hateful person
Helping my cousin get through her father's infidelity and subsequent family fallout
MY (21) BOYFRIEND (31) WILL NOT LET ME BREAK UP WITH HIM AND SAYS WE ARE NOT BROKEN UP IF I TRY TO.
Mom (61) and her Boyfriend (63) are Moving in Together, how do I (F24) adjust to visits home being different?
Me [18 M] with my Ex-GF [19 F] 1 month, A question's been bugging me
Mom (61) and Boyfriend (63) are Moving in Together, how do I (F24) adjust to visits home being different?
Introducing partner to parents
Boyfriend [25M] said he calls me wifey playfully but told me [23F] to chill out when I called him Husband, Am I getting played?
Me [18 M] with my ex-girlfriend [19 F] 1 month official, 2 months just going out, a question is bugging me
Boyfriend [25M] said he calls me wifey playfully but told me [23F] to chill out when I called him Husband, Am I getting played?
Not able to express my disappointments or anger
Not able to express my anger/disappointment
Not able to express my anger/disappointments
I'm really closed off when dating [28f]
(21m) looking for (21f)
UK - Free Family Law Guides & Videos
My [M19] girlfriend [F19] leaves on false idea of cheating
Feeling like he (M22) either used me (F22) for sex or ego, or his feelings are stronger than he lets on
I lost a dear friend because of my feelings
Looking for a long distance
BF and I do not agree on pet sterilization. How big of a concern should this be?
Boyfriend has corona and his grandpa passed away and now he won’t talk to me. Help?
Some Great Relationship Tips
My friend (14M) is very annoying and says that I (15M) need help.
Broke up with my gf (25) over a year of being together. I feel so guilty and ashamed.
LDR. Fiance doesn't want to come where I am, need advice.
LDR . Fiance doesn't want me to come to where I am, need advice.
My friend is very annoying and says that I need help
My mom refuses to cut off toxic family, what should I do?
Got something off my chest to someone from my past , now his babymomma won’t stop harassing me about him
My (21) boyfriend (31) does not want to break up because I don’t trust him. UPDATE
Boyfriend (22M) dumped me (22F) at the truly worst possible time ever and i don’t know what to do
My (21F) ex (21M) has had trauma growing up with abuse from his mom, and for lack of better terms curses me to dirt when we have arguments.When I acknowledge it, he tells me he cant control it and he's working so hard on it
How do I try phase out my BIL (26M) from my (22F) life as much as possible?
LDR, Fiance doesn't want to come to me. Need advice
My girlfriend is a bit difficult and I don’t know if she will always be like this
What do you even DO in a relationship?
Sexless relationship
A daily conversation with a female friend (28) via text.
Money for fun
I hate my boyfriend being friends with these guys
Me [26M] and my best friend's [26F] relationship is now complicated because of my [26F] best-friend girlfriend, after we kind of bite the bullet on a party
Me [26M] and my best friend's [26F] relationship is now complicated because of my [26F] best-friend girlfriend, after we kind of bite the bullet on a party
Serious relationship
Relationship
So I got back together with my ex, who is really my only ex we were together from age 13 to 20 And they agreed to take a break to experience college to the fullest but neither of us can really do that with the Covid situation so we are both back home again and we got back together.
Should I reach out to someone I stalked in middle school & apologize for my actions?
Husband apologizes and it feels good to hear.
Doubts about my first (and only) long term relationship. I still care for her but for some reason I can't see a future together.
My (20f) boss (mid20'sf) has it out for me, or I'm just in too deep.
Is the sex dead?
my partner has never cried in front of me?
Platonic friend (24M) destroyed our (22F) friendship for sex?
Did I [25F] mess up by hiding the fact I was hanging out with a friend [29F] to her ex-boyfriend [29F] who is also a close friend?
My (20f) boss (mid 20'sf) has it out for me, or am I just crazy?
COVID-19 has given me time to reflect on my long term relationship. I do not understand why I feel so doubtful.
I often should you text a female friend you just met and haven't seen face to face due to the fact that she lives in another state?
Couples who broke up and had little contact for a few years, and then tried to get back together, how did that go? And were you thinking of them during that break or you put then out of your mind? [M40]
I (25F) got ghosted by a coworker (32M) at the start of the lockdown — how do I act when I go back to work in a few days?
Couples who broke up and had little contact for a few years, and then tried to get back together, how did that go? And were you thinking of them during that break or you put then out of your mind?
Trying to get over my [25M] relationship with ex [22F]. It just won't leave my head.
Relationship Hell
Texting habits
Texting habits
I [19 M] can't tell if there is a chance with my crush [19 F] and wether or not some stuff is a sign it wont happen.
Did I [29/f] cheat on this guy [24/m]
Did I [29/f] cheat on this guy [24/m]
I (27F) will be into arranged marriage soon. Any advice for me?
I [20F] am weirdly averse to being touched and I can tell it’s hard for my girlfriend [20F] of six years. (Long Post)
5 year relationship with a depressed (M25) boyfriend that keeps disappointing me (F26)
My (23F) mom (54F) says it is going to ruin our relationship if I dont shave.
Share some advice to someone, who will be into arranged marriage soon.
Need advice on how to end my investigation after (26m) dating a personality disordered woman(23f)
I think I love my best friend [both 33F] and it’s confusing
I don’t know what I want, where to go next...
My [26F] boss [38?] is giving me extreme anxiety and gaslights me. How to proceed for remainder of my notice of one month.
How do I get over her?
I can't let my boyfriend meet my family because I'm afraid of them.
My family is toxic and I don't know what to do
The guy (33M) that I (23F) dated for a short time used to say some annoying things about his soon-to-be fiance (23F), who doesn't know that I used to date him and considers me a friend of her.
Help! My mom is super annoying in her new relationship.
Why does my (22f) friend (22f) never take my advice yet expects me to take hers?
Help in ending a toxic relationship in quarantine
Advice in blocking toxic relationship in quarantine :(
How to get over insecurity in a relationship
Bf[29/m] sex life and initiation with me [27/f] has declined since job loss.
I have a problem with my boyfriend being friends with these guys
Do men always need t be courteous
my (f16) mom died rhis morning, what do i do
I’m a difficult person to be around and I want to change (F25)
Should I be mad with my boyfriend after. He told me he and his friends think I'm a slut because I post nudes on Reddit?
I m50 don't like staying over at her f49 place.
Walking back a relationship? Is it even possible?
I think my husband {65 M} needs to be in a full time care facility
Boyfriend (25M) says I'm (22F) too sensitive
I don’t want to live together
I don’t want to live together
What should I do about my ex I still talk to?
I keep falling too soon and screw potential good friendships
How to stop my sibling (M18) stealing everyone’s food and more?
25 male, hard time talking to a girl
I feel like I fall too much too soon and ruin potential good friendships.
My bf (23m) is very flamboyant. I (21f) don't know how I should feel
[20F] [23M] boyfriend is moving states and I need advice
Am i being too sensitive? tl;dr
I miss my ex
How true is the quote ‘if you love someone set them free, if they come back it was meant to be if not they were never yours’ I’m going through this right now.
Is it too late for us to solve this conflict?
Think I’ve broken up 2 relationships on accident. Anyone else?
I’m [27F] moving in with my boyfriend [30M] in a week but he barely talks to me yet says nothing is wrong
My [24f] fiancé [26m] feels he has to continue doing favors for former mutual friend [25f] who almost destroyed our relationship.
Get better at talking on the phone
What should I do about my ex I still talk to?
Think I’ve broken up 2 relationships without trying to. Anyone else?
I (24F) am irrationally angry at my boyfriend (25M) while his parents are here and I can't snap out of it
I (25M) am living with my girlfriend (32F) but sometimes I can't forget my ex (26F)
I need help with my boyfriend
I’m [27F] moving in with my boyfriend [30M] in a week but he’s barely talked to me for weeks yet says nothing is wrong
26m i Messed up my First encounter with personality disordered/mentally ill.. help with moving on from redundant investigation
How can I (M19) stop getting emotionally attached and fantasizing about being best friends with people I just met recently.
Is there still a chance
Fiancé [26m] feels he has to continue doing favors for former mutual friend [25f] who tried to destroy our relationship.
Am I in the wrong for bringing up the conflict that was bothering me? (TL;DR) help
Mother [64F] Constantly Accuses Me [23M] of Stealing
Told my (26f) boyfriend (28m) I was raped and he's mad at me
I have a problem with my behavior regarding my friendships.
Me (35m) and my partner (35f) aren't married but live and have a child together
Getting better at talking on the phone
Struggling between loving my family and realizing they are not nice people
premature ejaculation ruining sex, and i’ve only just become legal
How do I not hurt her feelings?
Gf (22) won't open up to me emotionally (24m)
Struggle between loving my family and realizing they are not nice people
delayed ejacualtion
My girlfriend (22) won't open up to me (24m) emotionally and it's playing with my head
Wife (F40) says I'm a Pig (M38). Could she be right?
How do I [27F] prioritize my relationship with my boyfriend [29m] after over a year?
I 31m sometimes catch myself just smiling and lost in her eyes, other times she 29f catches it and says "what".
How to get over my [19M] girlfriend’s [18F] very colorful sexual past?
[20M] First real Breakup. I am a mess
How to fix feud with best friend? tl;dr
Do you have to get approval from your partner's family and friends?
Too independent in the relationship
How to solve feud with my best friend? (TL;DR)
Too independent in a relationship
[20M] First real breakup. I am a mess
How to get over my [19M] girlfriend’s [18F] very colorful sexual past?
Letting go of an addict
Please say anything to help me get my head away from this!
Why am I like this?
You wait for a hours for a bus then 2 come along at once
I lost my wife - coronavirus hanged her
You wait for hours for a bus and then 2 come along at once
My ex talked shit about me to his mom, claimed I cheated. She believed him. I sent her a message defending myself, said goodbye because she’s a nice woman and I never had the chance to chat with her. Am I stupid?
How can I (22F) help my SO (27M) to communicate with me about our problems and avoid ghosting each other?
Moved in too soon
He wont help with anything.
Do touch expressive women feel more reserved depending on the physical aspects of the guy they're friends with? Curious
How can I (22F) help my SO (27M) to communicate with me about our problems and avoid ghosting each other?
Do women pick and choose who to get touchy with
How would you feel if you became an every-other-weekend Non-Custodial Parent?
GF (F24) of 8 months, may value others attention over mine (M26).. or am I overthinking?
How do I(F22) get over the fact that my ex(M22), soon to be bf again maybe, had sex with a short term gf
Sometimes my mind woild wander when with my recent ex.
i want my ex to kill himself.
I (M26) feel like my Girlfriend (F24) values the attention of others more than mine.. or am I overthinking?
What can I (m32) do about my gf (f28)
I think I’m being ‘toxic’. Any advice?
I have a problem
My mind would sometimes wander when with my now v recent ex.
[29M] move out when lease is up? [39F]
i wish my ex would kill himself.
Fiance [33M] dropped bombshell that he can't be himself around me [30F] and called me a monster
Boyfriend (22) is ungrateful for what he has and doesn’t help out or help himself
What app was my (27) boyfriend (37) on?
Yeah I play the bongos from time to time, my girlfriend made me download this app so that I can “see how much of a bag of shit I am after I share this story.” She thinks you’re going to take her side, I disagree but what would a bag of shit like me know about anything
What app was my (27) boyfriend (32) on?
So me (21 F) and my boyfriend (M 20) are having a huge problem with his exes
dating a girl that had a bad car accident
Bf is hearing voices and believes theres hidden cameras in our room
Bf believes there are hidden cameras in bedroom
My [24F] family thinks its my fault I was abused
Did she think I meant for her never to contact me again?
Brother said something very sexist, how i do forgive him?
I catfished
How do I come clean
Friend talking poorly about me and others
I [24/f] think my bf [32/m] is an asshole
I don’t know where to go....
I don’t know if I should move back to the US or be happy and broke in Canada.
What do I (20f) do to make my friend (20m) move on from me?
Do i (M20) have a right to be upset at my gf (f18)?
Girlfriend is avoiding me?
Do i (M20) have a right to be upset about my gf(f18) doing this?
Fwb (21) barely invites me (20) over. How can I get him to?
How do I(F18) manage Extreme jealousy towards my boyfriend’s (M19) female friend?
How does one realise that they want to spend their whole life with someone?
I’ve been FWB with my ex for 5 years despite us both being in and out of relationships.
The girl [23F] I’m [26M] is sending mixed messages and isn’t ready to commit yet.
My friend [20M] asked me [19F] for nudes. He has a girlfriend [20F]. How do I tell her?
The girl [23F] I’m [26M] is sending mixed messages and isn’t ready to commit yet.
My friend [20M] asked me [19F] for nudes. He has a girlfriend [20F]. How do I bring it up to her?
BF makes tinder account
My girlfriend (18) is dissapointed at me because I (22) watch porn?
Boyfriends ex doesn’t seem to be over him
'I [30 M], think suicide may be the only way for me to escape my family
'I [30 M] , think suicide may be the only way for me to escape my family
Help
Help me please
Help me
M24 was in a relationship with 24F till few days back. Just a questions about feelings and connections. Has anyone ever felt in a relationship like thay say in stories about completing each other or two halves of one soul.
Relationship Advice: Is it too far gone? Opinions on the situation? What would you do.
I miss her so much but I cannot do anything...
28F Physical intimacy: What’s considered normal?
In much need of relationship advice, where do I turn next. Is the relationship already too far gone?
I miss her so much but I cannot do anything...
I (M29) am pretty sure this girl (25) I hooked up with is trying to get pregnant
I've (20 M) just come to terms that my 3 year relationship with my gf (24 F) is coming to an end and I feel numb.
What should I do?
How can I (49M) connect with my wife (49F)?
I'm pretty sure this girl I hooked up with is trying to get pregnant
How can I (49M) engage with my wife (49F)?
My (21)Boyfriend (31) keeps talking to his ex
My (21)Boyfriend (31) keeps talking to him ex
My gf is pregnant and i do everything
Man I was dating just told me the whole relationship was a plot to get back at me and now am pregnant
My (21)Boyfriend (31) keeps talking to him ex
Having a girlfriend with a bunch of friends and then me with literally nobody but her I feel like I get too attached since I have no one else to talk to or hang out with.
What can I do?
28F confused late bloomer. Was that assault/abuse?
Man I was dating just confessed he was only dating me to get back at me and now am pregnant
I {F 36} am in love with a man [34 M}. It's a chill relationship.
I (F30) Don't Care About Home Decorating But My Roommate Does (F28)
Why?
My(35f) bf(35m) wants to get a silver tooth. I am not sure how i feel about it and need advice.
My mother [F55] controls me [F21]
How do I [29/F] with my [30/M] husband of 6 years, support him career related depression.
My mom [F55] controls me [F20]
My Best friend
We don’t have sex anymore
Agreeing to Disagree in Relationships
My [20M] gf [19] is kind of upset I don't make sexist jokes with her like I do with my female friend?
How can I [20F] improve relationship with my mom [50F]?
I [25 F] don't know how to feel that my boyfriend [25M] wants to split buying a car? Don't know how to feel about finances in general in a relationship?
Me [20 M] with my friend [20 M]4 years, replaced me and i feel worthless
Hi I'm curious on your opinions for this.
I {35F] have a loose SO who demands sex if we hang out {34M}
Help me motivate my mentally ill, unemployed husband to do anything other than sleep
Me (20M) ruined my relationship with my gf ( 21F) because of my fantasy. Give me advice plz.
Can’t decide if I [F,19] should give my ex [M,22] a third Chance
19M Really debating on whether or not I should text a girl and would like some input
Can’t decide if I [F,19] should give my ex boyfriend [M,22] a third chance
I (31F) met a guy (32M) online and he's a bad texter. How do I talk to him about texting me more without sounding too clingy?
What am I doing wrong?
I (31F) just started getting to know someone (M32) during quarantine and would like to know how to ask for more communication without sounding clingy?
Wrong for me (28f) to breakup with boyfriend (33m) on his birthday?
19M Really debating on whether or not I should text a girl and would like some input
My [26F] boyfriend [26M] likes the character I roleplay as better than the actual me
Someone tell me I’m not crazy
(21)F and my bf (19) been together for 5 months
My BF sister is mean to me when I have been nothing but kind to her; what should I do?
Texted someone to be fwb
How do I (15F) be a good girlfriend?
I (36M) told my mother (61F) that I don't trust her, she won't stop calling me and acting like a child, what do I do?
He's ashamed, I'm horny
Do you show your partner’s nudes to your close friends?
My (25F) partner (27M) didn’t react well when I told him he stares a lot at other women and eventually flipped out.
Am I [M 19] really in love with my girlfriend? [F 19]
Please be my eyes and share your thoughts
I have Suicidal Thoughts and this made me realize
My dad is currently fighting cancer
My Girlfriend keeps asking What IF questions and its getting a little annoying, what should I do?
How do I get over a relationship that ended because of timing?
How to navigate through this tough time
My(28) boyfriend (26) confessed that my physical transformation has made him uncomfortable, because he “wasn’t emotionally prepared to be dating the hot chick”
How should I (24/f) respond to this text message this guy (28/m) sent me after he found out I'm pregnant with his baby?
I (23M) accidentally confessed to an engaged coworker (35F)
How do I [M 19] break up with my depressed girlfriend [F 19] ?
Why do I get so mad when people leave me on read?
my boyfriend has been so good to me and i’m looking to thank him for it
Fiance (24f) and I (26m) on the verge of splitting up
im so happy in my relationship right and i want to treat my boyfriend
I feel like I'm a bad person sometimes when it comes to my girlfriend
I’ve(24m) been with the same girl for several years and we’ve had our issues like any couple, but now I have a new dilemma.
I’ve(24m) been with the same girl for several years and we’ve had our issues like most couples, but now I have a new dilemma.
What is a good excuse to tell my (19f) dad (51m) so that my bf (23m) and I can have sex
I’ve(24m) been in a relationship for several years, it’s had it’s ups and downs, but now I have a new dilemma
Id sometimes think about someone else and even after a very recent break up i have again, i hate it.
What does codependent mean?
I (24F) feel insecure whenever my boyfriend (24M) likes thirst trap photos on social media.
Should I get closure?
Do you think my ex still has feelings for me
[23M] Looking for a Woman with Bunions
How can I be more mature in my relationships?
How do I make my older brothers respect me when they don't?
How do I make my older brothers respect me when they don't?
How can I (23f) convince my parents that its possible to get to know someone (m26) long distance?
How can I convince my parents its possible to get to know someone long distance?
Still have not been introduced to friends gf, advice
My mom and step dad divorced and I (15M) don't know what to do with my relationship with my step brother (17M)
Do you think my ex still has feelings for me?
Just came in terms with the fact that my dad is using me for his own sexual pleasure, I am 18(F)
How to make my older brothers respect me when I respect them but they don't respect me?
Just came in terms with the fact that my dad is using me for his own sexual pleasures
[15F] [41F] I think my mum left me
[15F] [51F] I think my mum's left me
How can I be more mature in my relationships?
I (20F) lost my boyfriend’s (22M) trust 3 months into our relationship and I don’t know how to move forward
I want to gain my boyfriend’s trust back. Please help
Upgrading yourself and attaining your own level of success is the best testament proving all the haters wrong.
Don't know how I (20M) can ever open up about insecurities to future partners
My(25f) I don't know how to help my boyfriend (26) I feel helpless
My (25f) I just want to help my boyfriend (26) and I don't know how
i (21 F) no longer remember why i even loved my boyfriend (25 M)
My(14M) girlfriend(16F) is getting made fun of for our age gap.
Would you consider swatting a hand to be hitting
35F boyfriend breaking up with me bc of my mental illness spiral
Would you consider swatting a hand to be hitting?
Would you consider swatting a hand to be hitting?
How would you feel if your s/o was participating and making money with only fans?
Don't know how I (20M) can ever open up about insecurities to future partners
A letter-4I hate your guts, but the truth is I miss you way too much. My peronality is a tad obsessive, please be kind. They say you get over it but the marks linger.
How would you feel/do you feel if your s/o does only fans ?
Caught on oral s** in public
Snarky Friend
What does it mean if my boyfriend said
I forgot my GFs birthday, and she feels broken hearted, but so do I
Silent Treatment = Marriage Over?
How do you guys feel when your boyfriend likes other girls pictures on instagram?
What is the point of staying in a relationship with someone that
What is the point of staying in a relationship with someone that is not
[19M] Is love really great or worse, what is really important true love or fake love?
Niceeee
Found an exs belonging
[19M] I don't understand true love exist or all are about infatuation, is love really great or worse?
Dating a sociopath
What is Love? Is it great or worse?
Do people who are happy in their relationships, cheat?
For those who are dating, engaged or married, what was the moment that you realized you were in love with or falling in love with you SO?
For those who are married, engaged or dating, what was that one moment that made you realize you were in love with or starting to fall in love with your SO
How do I continue my friendship with someone who might be a self-destructive sex addict?
I (24f) am jealous of my (23f) partner’s new hobbies.
How to get confidence to approach girls? (My sex drive is low and I don't feel the urge to chase it)
M(23) in an abusive relationship with F(36)
I [20F] find myself feeling uncomfortable talking to my brother [27M] after reading his conversation with someone about me, and realizing things following that.
Fight for what you deserve, but give them a chance!
Over the past few weeks things have happened and I (21M)came to a realization about relationships that I’ve had. Just wanted to share, hopefully it might help someone else as well!
Bahba
I (27m) am attracted to coworker (22f), wondering if attraction is mutual"
My 26F boyfriend 30M raised his fist at me during an argument... will it get worse?
Jealousy
Over the past few weeks things have happened and I (21M)came to a realization about relationships that I’ve had. Just wanted to share, hopefully it might help someone else as well!
Husband (26M) keeps bringing friends over for poker and gambling away his money and items. I’m (18F) concerned about how far he’ll go.
(24M) I just left a (24F) LTR (4y). It was mutual and very painful. What now?
Why am I so uncofident when it comes to make a move on a girl
How to Crack the Code of Men’s Feelings
My bf was probably a jack ass to me for the last time today
I (27m) am attracted to coworker (22f), wondering if attraction is mutual
My stepson (6m) calls me (31m) his fake dad, and I'm not sure how to feel about it.
How do I (22M) deal with feeling insecure in my relationship
Am I (F23) wrong for wanting to visit my BF (M23) or are my (asian) parents way too old fashioned?
How to Crack the Code of Men’s Feelings
Gf(23) broke up with me(26)
I ruin everything good in my life.
Me [43 M] with my wife [29 F] 10 years , I’m losing attraction for my aging wife how should I go about this?
My stepson (6) calls me (31m) his fake dad, and I'm not sure how to feel about it.
my (22F) nan passed today and my bf (29M) isn’t showing any support
GF(23) broke up with me(26)
My girlfriend would go to prom without me
I (20F) think my friends (various ages) are jealous that I bought a house so young and are not being nice to me
How do I get my friend to realize her other group of friends are crappy people?
My (21 M) friend (21 F) told me she was dating somebody, and I felt a spark of adrenaline, then sad, then back to normal. Does this mean I still have feelings for her?
I (20F) think my friends (various ages) are jealous that I bought a house so young and are not being nice to me
I [27M] just lost my first real girlfriend and I can’t imagine finding someone as amazing as her again. Tell me this is normal?
My girlfriend would go to prom without me
Am I (21F) wrong to feel betrayed by my (21F) flirting with someone else well we are on a break ?
My (23f) brother (26m) said I was hitting on him when I was drunk. I don't know what to do from here.
Am I (F23) wrong for wanting to visit my BF (M23) or are my (asian) parents way too old fashioned?
I [27M] just lost my first real girlfriend and I can’t imagine finding someone as amazing as her again. Tell me this is normal?
My mom and step dad got divorced and I (15M) don't know if I still want to have a relationship with my step brother (17M)
My girlfriend would go to prom without me
My (21 M) friend (21 F) told me she was dating somebody, and I felt a spark of adrenaline, then sad, then back to normal. Does this mean I still have feelings for her?
Me [43 M] with my wife [29 F] 10 years , I’m losing attraction for my aging wife how should I go about this?
My (26F) boyfriend (30M) raised a fist at me during an argument. Will it get worse?
Should I [32M] break up with my new girlfriend [28F] for losing her job over a “false allegation” for gross misconduct or stay by her side?
My[14F] mom [42F] always dumps her problems on me
My (26F) boyfriend (30M) raised his fist at me during a fight... does it get worse?
Do you think it's ok to pursue an EX's friend?
What does she want?
Help with a very sad friend.
My (24 F) boyfriend (29 M) makes fun of how frugal I am
Do you think it's ok to pursue an EX 's friend?
My (f 23) best friend (f 23) consistently ignores me on social media, is hard to contact and sometimes hard to talk to, but I know it's because she suffers from borderline personality disorder. Does anybody have experience have any advice on how to keep this friendship alive?
How do I (26F) help my best friend's (29M) new girlfriend (24?F) feel more comfortable?
I [22M] think my coworker [21F] likes me, but she doesn't know that I'm gay.
Advice on taking a leap of faith and trust
What does she actually want?
I (25F) am feeling torn between my family and my boyfriend (27M)
What app was my(27) boyfriend(32) on?
I dont know how to break up with my toxic boyfriend
Am I being rude?
I dont know how to break up with my toxic boyfriend
Am I being rude?
Losing love after losing weight
How do I tell my girlfriend she *severely* needs to move on from the past without hurting her feelings?
I (24F) have to have the “abusive ex” talk with my current BF of three months (24M) TL;DR —my abusive ex won’t stop contacting me, how do I bring it up?
Boyfriend (28) depressed or not into me (f29)?
Boyfriend (M28) not into me(F29)
Self-forgiveness (f23) after emotionally cheating on ex (m24)?
Help
Boyfriend not into me?
Curious to hear success stories about relationship breaks and relationships with a lot of fighting in the beginning (24M with 25F LDR)
Can't decide if I [m 34] should break up with my partner [f 45], but I screwed up
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) and I don’t always see eye to eye on things that mean a lot to me and it really bugs me
How do I (24F) bring up the abusive ex,(25M) to my current partner, (24M) without sounding like “I’m not over him”?
Boyfriend Depressed or not interested in me
What should i do!!!??
She (28F) suddenly wants to start wearing condoms with me (29M)
Is my boyfriend depressed or just not interested him me (quartining apart)
Help me :( i need advice
Divorce Advice?
Help me :(
Am I terrible for not wanting to go to my sister's wedding where my cheating ex is the best man?
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) and I don’t always see eye to eye on things that mean a lot to me and it really bugs me
The “abusive ex”. I, (24F) have to bring this up to my (24M) boyfriend. How do I do it and beat the “you’re not over him” stigma?
Divorce Advice?
Am I terrible for not wanting to go to my sister's wedding where my cheating ex is the best man?
The “abusive ex” complex. How can I talk about this and beat the “you’re not over him” stigma?
XPost My (30f) bestfriend (28f) and I "broke up." She still maintains contact members of my family despite being outwardly hostile towards me. Am I being petty or is she?
How can I be better about how I (28F) approach my bf (28M) with issues. I feel like for me it will be something small I want to take 2 minutes to address and then he takes it wrong and it turns into a long drawn out conversation.
I think I (22F) am falling out of love with my boyfriend (22M) and I’ve never been so devastated
I don't know what to believe
I think I (22F) am falling out of love with my boyfriend (22M) and I’ve never been so devastated
[Serious] Will falling in love again be the same?
I [24F] am starting to feel strangely about my [29M] BF's relationship with his [56F] mother
For the men: how long does it take for you know she’s the one you want to marry?
After a horrible relationship, I’m (24f) with an amazing guy (21m) but my past issues keep coming up. Constant worrying about cheating and lying, how do I stop??
My [25F] step-family is deteriorating the relationship with my father [60M] and I don't know what to do
Curious about people who have fought a lot with SO in the beginning of relationship but eventually led to a successful relationship. +relationship breaks
[UPDATE 2] Husband (35M) lying about friendship with female former coworker
Is it apathy, COVID lockdown of something else?
(M25) Does moving in with your s/o change your relationship?
Trouble communicating with my SO
When is the right time to say “I love you”?
I (20M) don´t know how to move with girl (19F) I know from internet, that I like
Mature women. How would you feel about a younger man hitting on you?
I (24f) am in a newish relationship with a guy(21m) who is absolutely amazing...but my past relationship is causing me issues with trust and worries about him cheating and lying when he’s not. What do I do? :(
Mature women. How would you feel about a younger man hitting on you?
My girlfriend is mysterious but loyal
Don't know how I (30m) can support my (23f) gf anymore
Ex gf still views everything I post
Can anyone help explain my friend's behavior?
Can anyone help explain my friend's behavior?
Does moving in with your S/O changed your relationship?
I (30F) love my husband (30M) but also can’t stop thinking about being with others...
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
GF Tried to OD after I broke up with her
How do I (28f) stop hating this other woman (28f)?
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
My roommate [24F] told me she was sick a week and a half in to feeling symptoms and won't get tested because she doesn't feel like it
Me [21 F] with my husband [25 M] duration 2 years, How should I surprise him?
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
How do I (28f) stop hating this other woman (28f)?
Boyfriend says I act better than everyone else- but I don’t see it?
How should I surprise my husband?
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
Boyfriend (25) says I act like I’m (29) better than everyone else... but I don’t see it?
Interview request from student journalist at Northwestern University
How should I surprise my husband?
My (22 f) friend (20 f) is trying to reconnect with me after a fight.
Bf taking job he wouldnt normally like, just because its with friends.
Should I tell my cousin that her fiance is cheating on her?
My friend (21M) keeps complaining about how on one will ever love him romantically to me (21F) and I told him he would be hot if he were confident in himself and now he won't talk to me
Should I tell my cousin that her fiance is cheating on her?
My crush told me something disturbing
My Bf (23/M) wants to go to Japan without me, should I (21/F) be okay with it?
My BF (M/23) wants to go with his best friend and girlfriend to Japan. What should I (21F) do?
How to be sexier?
Length of relationships
I'm no longer happy in my [M20] relationship with my gf [F19] but don't have any reason for it and can't bring myself to end it
What is something you wish you could say to your S.O. about something but won’t because you want to avoid an argument?
M29 f28 every time I I defend myself she says I’m gaslighting
Friend (35F) lied to her husband (35M) about where she went to college. She’s terrified he’ll find out and it will be awkward. What should she do?
GF Tried to OD after I tried to break up with her
My sister (40) cheated on her husband (42)
My [22F] teenage sister [17F] is morbidly obese and our mother is an extreme enabler
How do I(21F) explain to my bf(21M) that I want to take time before posting him on social media?
Friend lied to her husband about where she went to college. She’s terrified he’s going to find out and be disappointed. How would you handle this situation in her position?
How do I [34m] contact ex girlfriend [34f] after 2 years?
The Division of Mental Work in Relationships
(22M) Any advice?
My(f, 23) best friend( f,23) consistently ignores me on social media, is incredibly hard to get a hold of and can be hard to talk to but I know it's because she has borderline personality disorder. Does anybody have a similar relationship they've managed to keep alive?
My (f26) feelings towards my partner (26m) are totally inconsistent and I don't know why.
How do I(21F) explain to my bf(21M) that I want to take time with posting him on social media?
(22M) Any advice?
Should I have mutiple sexual partners before marriage?
Close friend (37F) is really hard to work for, how can I (26F) quit without hurting the friendship?
Any advice?
My (26f) feelings towards my partner (m26) are inconsistent - swapping between feeling in love to not wanting to be with him. Does anyone else experience this?
Close friend (37F) is really hard to work with, and I (26F) am unsure how to quit.
Should I (22F) tell my former roommate (22F) about my pattern of sleeping with her boyfriend (22M) (our other roommate)?
Help me!!!
My boyfriend (M22) is ignoring me (F21) on a very important and sad day.
Summer Love
I really dislike my dad and don't know what to do
LDR (28f/26m) trust issues
Have most men been cheated on before? Is this a common thing?
I [F19] feel unworthy of being in a relationship
Is it my (25f) business to know if my boyfriend (24m) keeps in touch with girls he has slept with before?
New here need help
Should I wait it out or move on?
Ex-girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) talked on phone for 2 hours and have not talked since (1 week)
Living with ex
I [20F] don't know how to feel about my boyfriend [25M]
How do I (38F) manage this bizarre feud with my child’s best friend’s father (49m)?
My (32f) boyfriend (39m) gave me a (mild) concussion.
I [20F] don't know how to feel about my boyfriend [25M]
How do I (38F) manage this weird feud with my 7 y/o’s BFF’s dad (M49)?
How do you cope with the fear of falling out of love or losing affection and badly hurting someone you hold so dearly?
I got a big crush on a girl my flatemate dates for two years.
I left my obsessive gf to be happy.
19 and no girlfriend.(sorry If I chose the wrong sub but I need to ask it now).
How do I communicate with my girlfriend?
Ex-girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) talked on phone for 2 hours and have not talked since (1 week) What should I do I want her back??
19 and no girlfriend.(Sorry If I chose the wrong sub but I need to ask it now)
Should I contact my ex girlfriend again after we talked on phone for 2 hours?
My (35f) boyfriend (34m) showing signs of codependency and toxic "people pleasing"
So confused about his feelings right now?
Ex-girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) talked on phone for 2 hours and have not talked since (1 week)
My boyfriend has recently admitted that he’d like to start cross dressing, how do I help?
Any advice is appreciated
2 years in and confused, need advice
Is it weird to date younger in highschool????
Any advice is appreciated
My husband [30M] tried to kill himself tonight. I [25F] don’t know what to do.
Am I (24F) wrong for banning my boyfriend (19M) from my hot tub until he does a certain amount of chores a day?
My [22M] girlfriend [22F] is chronically late to important events
I (M25) don't know what to do about my pretty much wrecked relationship
Can't get over my boyfriend's past
My hypochondriac husband found out he has 2 nodules in his lungs that have increased in size.
I (M25) don't know what to do about my pretty much wrecked relationship
My boyfriend has been trying to break up with me over and over is there something wrong with me?
I (F late 20’a) self sabotage my relationships with men, how can I overcome this ?
Male [26] ex gf [24] playing hot and cold and still says she wants to be with me but is dealing with someone else.
I (F late 20’a) self sabotage my relationships with men, how can I overcome this ?
How do I limit the trauma my (33M) soon-to-be-ex wife's (30F) daughter (8F) experiences?
21F(me) - 31M (7years "relation") - We have only experienced our relation virtually.
My (23F) Boyfriend (34M) got me nothing for my birthday which caused a massive fight
Is it normal to be scared of commitment in a long term relationship?
My (30'sf) husband (30'sM) of 10yrs tells our children they shouldn't feel the way they do, how do I talk to him about this?
My (33F) BF (36M) started using a dating app again after 5 months of dating
Interested in a 3some
Poverty is a big problem.
My friend (F31) is mad at me (F28) because her boyfriend (M32) can’t control himself.
My (33F) boyfriend (36M) started using dating apps again 5 months after we started dating
I just saw my (18M) ex girlfriend (17F) for the first time since we broke up. I need help.
After a year of confusion, I [F17] think I’ve realised a friendship of 3+ years ended with a girl [f17] because she was jealous of the time my boyfriend [M17] spent with me.
Am I in the wrong for freaking out at my ex after she said she didn't have feelings for over a month?
Boyfriend is a gamer and his rage leaves me on edge - Advice?
On the edge of breaking up
Desperate for coping (m26)
After a year, I think I’ve realised a friendship of 3+ years ended because she [17] was jealous of my boyfriend [17]... am I right?
My mom [55 F] was recently diagnosed with depression and is isolating alone. She has met a man online who I [28 M] think is a con man or a dangerous predator. They met, became engaged and are now staying together within 3 weeks and his story does not add up
I am desperate to get over this friendship ending. I can’t forget about it because we share almost all the same friends and my BF is friends with her.... I also dont know what I ever did wrong?
21F I never met the only man who loved me.
I [M22] having troubles to overcome gf’s past - help?
It's my second time feeling extremely jealous over my partner seeing her girl best friend
“The reality of our relationship”
Breakup timing sucks.
I [26F] crushed my husband’s [27M] self esteem and I don’t know how to fix it
I (23 M) moved last year to a new city and met a (23 f) woman that I have a crush on. We have become friends and I'm not sure how to approach the friendship at this point.
Not invited to scaled-down wedding?
Is this a rebound relationship (40M) and (31M)?
Should I (26f) tell my new boyfriend (27m) that I was in an affair with a married man (back when I was single)?
My boyfriend keeps thinking I cheated (sort of)
Different ways of attracting
Am I [30F] being paranoid about my BF[30M] telling me he knows sexual details about his coworker?
Is this a rebound relationship (31M) with (40M)?
Different levels of attraction
Middle school
My long-distance partner [18X] and I [19X] are considering fast-tracking to marriage for immigration/financial reasons; rose-colored glasses check?
Not invited to scaled-down wedding
My date is silent after argument
I [26F] crushed my husband’s [27M] self esteem and I don’t know how to fix it
Boyfriend [M27] didn't invite me [23F] to birthday party
I'm (18M) confused on what to do
Me and my wife are having a baby.
Boyfriend keeps thinking I cheated (sort of)
Crush is silent after argument
Me [33F] with my BF [30M] 10 months, how do you know whether it's Covid stress to work through or time to walk away?
Crush is silent after an argument
Husband is very self centered
I'm confused on what to do.
Boyfriend gives me silent treatment but I don't know for what reason
Middle school
My girlfriend [21 F] has issues with my porn habits and cannabis consumption [26 M]. Feeling really immature about not wanting to change.
I called my boyfriends identical twin cute and now he’s mad at me
Should I [23M] establish a relationship with my absent father?
How do you reply to "what are you on Tinder for"?
I don’t know if she likes me or not
I don’t know if she likes me or not
I'm [F27] unsure how to handle quasi-breakup with [M30] I was seeing
Sister [15 F] is devastated after her horse died. How to help her cope?
Living with my ex since 3 days back
Arguing about going back to work with my(33) husband(39), it's not actually necessary, I might need a reality check. Pandemic related.
Arguing about going back to work with my(33) husband(39), it's not actually necessary, I might need a reality check. Covid19 related.
Is it ok to date a friends recent romantic interest?
Boyfriend [27] didn't invite me [23] to his birthday celebration with his friends
I’m (29F) going on date with a friends (29F) recent interest
I feel like my boyfriend is distancing himself from me
Friends insisted on meeting my (21F) Bf (22M) for over a year and then ignored him all night because my bff's (22F) BF (22M) "stole" the spotlight
My GF (23F) suffers from past rejection
My girlfriend (23F) still suffers from past rejections.
My GF (16F) just got drunk for the first time, hurt me(17M), and seems like she might start an addiction
How do I (37M) tell the woman I'm seeing (30F) that make-up is becoming an issue?
Friends asked me (21F) to introduce my Bf (22M) and then ignored him all night
I have trouble dating someone
Is it bad that I enjoy ghosting people and hate relationships? (M21)
Is it bad that I (21M) enjoy ghosting people and hate relationships?
I feel bad for drifting away from my best friend and need advice..
Girlfriend (F25) of 3 years broke up with me when I became very rude to her while drunk (M24)
I (25F) have a bad feeling about my partner (27M) but I don't know how to bring it up without sounding crazy.
Me [22 M] with my girlfriend [20 F] of about 6 months, she decided to get a tattoo and I felt left out of that decision
UPDATE : I feel like my personally boundaries are being stepped on now [21 M] Because of my incidents that made it spike with my gf [20 F]
My bf left me sleeping at a party alone
I realized I have to break up with my boyfriend but I am hesitant.
My(41) daughter(16) is a product of inbreeding. Should I tell it to her?
Update: Test
Irene [28F] blows up
Should I [30F] leave my fiance [32M] before it's too late?
CONFUSED AF (19M)
I [26F] have been with my boyfriend [25 M] for 3 years but I still think of my ex [29M]
I hate sharing a room with my younger siblings
Why do I [25F] keep getting ghosted?
kinda just need someone to tell me this is the best thing that could’ve happened
Why do I [25F] keep getting ghosted?
How can I [19M] help my girlfriend [19F] who’s being overwhelmed with stress
I can’t tell my boyfriend what’s wrong. Is this gaslighting? Is it even a relationship anymore??
I can never express why I’m upset. Is this even a relationship anymore?
Am I (36f) making the right decision to end things with my fiance (35m)?
Difficult Adult Child
Should I leave my fiance before it's too late?
Am I (36f) making the right decision to leave my (35m) fiance?
How to get my mum to notice that I need her
It's one year today since my (18F) boyfriend (19M) cheated. Trying to process my feelings.
How can I get my mum to comfort me?
Feeling smothered by my [40sF] partner [40sM] and having a hard time explaining what I want from him in this regard.
My [23F] Boyfriend [29M] made plans to see his friend for football and beer after not seeing me for 2 Months (1 Year Together)
Weird Question between corona and familiar and personal relationships.
I (25m) have been getting mixed signals from my ex (?) (31f)
My mom is mad at me for being in love with my stepsister
Weird Question, looking for advice.
Kind of lost interest in a 10 year long friendship. Can anyone relate or understand?
I (25m) keep getting mixed signals from my ex (31f)
I (26m) broke quarantine to have casual sex with a girl (23f). My roommates (24m, 25m) are mad, but I think they’re being hypocritical, given how irresponsible they were about COVID. They’re still my friends, so I wanna make it right. (FWIW, we’re all in healthcare)
Am I terrible for drifting away from my best friend?
Should I apologize for drifting away from my best friend?
Do I need to be more patient with my anxious/depressed girlfriend or is she pushing things too far?
Should I start dating?
Should I (24 F) still try to get with this guy (29 M)?
My (25) girlfriend’s (23) mom is interfering with our relationship and my girlfriend’s lack of ability to set boundaries is making me lose attraction to her
My (25) girlfriend’s (23) mom is interfering with our relationship and my girlfriend’s lack of ability to set boundaries is making me lose attraction to her
Was I [33F] wrong for breaking up with my bf [53M] for sudden lack of communication and cancellations?
was i (18F) raped by my former boyfriend (19M) ?
I (25F) have a bad feeling about my partner (27M) but I don't know how to bring it up without sounding crazy.
I can’t with my dad
I (21F) am sitting in a hotel room with my mom (42F) after she’s just talking to me about past relationships/life/ what she wants to ... and I’m scared to tell her how much pain I’m really in.
Me (27/M) and one of my best friends (27/F) hugged each other and didn’t wan to let go. (Friends for 5y). Both in comitted relationships, how to deal with this?
How can I [19M] help my girlfriend [19F] who’s being overwhelmed with stress
Burden of my life
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
I'm [19M] in love with my best friend of 8 years [19F], but she recently started dating someone. What to do?
Did I over react?
Girlfriend (25F) of 3 years broke up with me when I got very upset with her while drunk (M24)
I [19M] am in love with my best friend of 8 years [19F], but shes currently dating someone. What to do? (A bit of a long post so bear with me).
I’m F(27) going through depression and it doesn’t seem like my bf (27) supports me.
My girlfriend is becoming burned out because of major prolonged stress
I think my girlfriend is becoming burned out because of major prolonged stress caused by Coronavirus.
My [32f] boyfriend [32m] secretly changes girl contacts on his phone to male names
I (27F) found out my (ex?) boyfriend (24M) is a compulsive liar and our relationship is ruined.
I (F24) feel like I’m dating a child sometimes (M30)
Husband (M36) wants us to travel home for July 4th, but I (F31) don’t think it’s a great idea because of COVID
I (32m) just ruined a great friendship of 3 years (and Father's Day) over unrequited feelings with my sister's best friend (29f)
I think I'm Facebook friends with a rapist?
I (32m) just ruined a great friendship (and Fathers Day) with my sisters best friend (28f), over unrequited feelings
How do I [22M] work with someone [34M] I don't like?
Need advice as a 19F breaking up with my 22M BF of three years as he is keeping intimate pics of a dead girl who heavily bullied me
Being around others who are constantly flirting and getting flirted with makes me (29M) feel worthless and valueless. What can I do?
My gf(22) wants an open relationship.
My gf(22) wants a open relationship
My gf(22) wants an opain relationship.
I [M 22] found out the chick I’m dating [F 20] does porn
Is this long distance relationship with a Dutch guy doomed?
Is this long distance relationship with a Dutch guy meant to be doomed?
My brother (16)keeps sneaking out
My(13m) friend's(13f) boyfriend(15m) logged onto her Snapchat and blocked me and all the boys on there
Why do I only attract overly intelligent men?
Girl I’m talking to does porn...
My brother(16) keeps sneaking out
My bf (34M) told me (29F) to move out last night, but texted me this morning that he “didn’t mean it.”
My bf (34) told me (29F) to move out last night, but texted me this morning that he “didn’t mean it”
“Cheating” is actually liberation
Family member’s new girlfriend hates me and I don’t know why?
What's the worst fight you've had with your SO? How did your resolve it?
I (25F) just found out my best friend (26F) keeps me a secret from people?
What are the possibilities of transmitting of the CORONA (COVID-19) during a sexual relationship?
I (25F) just found out my best friend (26F) keeps me a secret from people?
Boyfriend is planning a trip to California while we're broke
My (F 21) Boyfriend (M 23) Won't Unblock Me And Refused To Hug Me
Long-distance relationship ended after 2 years
Do I move on to renting a house? Or do I stay in this tiny apartment?
Long-distance relationship ended after 2 years
Girlfriend had a positive STD screening; Relationship was put to the test. She got retested, and came back negative.
REDDIT
I'm [23M] worried that my roommate (and one of my best friends) [21F] is interested in our friend/new roommate [21M]
Is right ghosting a person that cheated on you?
Is this a phase? LGBTQ+ help
Is it okay that I (29M) don’t want to date or get into relationships due to past mistakes?
Lost about the way I’m handling things with my girlfriend
Is it normal that my girlfriend acts differently around her friends and different around me?
Me (27F) found out I was pregnant after breaking up with self-destructive (31M) boyfriend. Now I had a miscarriage and I think he hates me because he won't talk to me.
I (29 F) think my boyfriend (31M) has feelings for his good friend (27-ish??F) and I don't know what to do
My boyfriend and his friend’s girlfriend
[26f] don’t feel valued with any of my relationships right now.
Boyfriend (29m) not interested in sex (27f) which concerns me is something wrong
When do you tell your parents?
How do you sleep with people?
My boyfriend, his best friend’s, and the best friend’s gf
I [31 M] feel stuck in my relationship. My girlfriend [37 F] is amazing (most of the time), but we don't really have anything in common.
I (20m) found out that my gf (20f) has been contacting and seeing her ex (20m) during our break
F(25), M(24) - Career or love?
I [31 M] feel stuck in my relationship. My girlfriend [37 F] is an amazing person (most of the time) , but we have nothing in common.
Cliche but I need your advice, career or love?
My [25N] oldest friends [25–29F&M] hurt me; I don't know whether to forgive and forget
My [18M] girlfriend [20F] got me infected, she keeps apologizing about it, but I am not mad at her for it.
Am I her back up friend?
I (20m) found out that my gf (20f)has been contacting and seeing her ex (20m) while we were on a break
My girl friend is being forced to get gender reassignment surgery but I love them?
23m Just wondering how to have friends and get a girlfriend.
24M trying to get back into dating after breakup? (plz read b4 posting)
Help me flirtatiously ask for a guys socials
Loosing the war, won the battle?
How can I deal with in-laws?
Taking responsibilities. Help me
Being (23F) accused of cheating by my partner (26M)
My (31 F) drug addict friend (31 M) keeps calling me in crisis
My (26f) parents (60s) don’t understand why I don’t want to bring my boyfriend (33) home for lunch every weekend
24M has only had one gf and unsure how to get back into dating now (plz read b4 replying)
Need to take responsibility. Help me
My (31 F) drug addiction friend (31 M) calls me in crisis all the time.
How to deal with in-laws?
Can’t flirt to save my life pls help
I feel like my personally boundaries are being stepped on now [21 M] Because of my incidents that made it spike with my gf [20 F]
Social Media & Personal Message Anxiety...I brought this on myself but...
I (18F) am being controlled and manipulated by my ex (18M) and I don’t know how to stop it.
Badly need relationship advice (20M)
I (18F) am being controlled and manipulated by my ex (18M). He wont stop despite me asking a countless amt of times. Please help.
Please give me some advice (M20)
Just got dumped by my bf
My(24F) boyfriend(35M) thinks birth control is murder
My sister broke up with her boyfriend after a arguement her boyfriend and I had my nerves are shot and I dont know what to do.
My(24 F) boyfriend (35M) thinks birth control is murder
Miss my ex (ldr)
Miss my ex (LDR)
Partner wants me to change
My (49F) friends are pornographers and I am uncomfortable with the type of porn they are making (school shooter porn)
I know this is maybe going to sound concieted (long text)
My (22F) BF (22M) confessed he’s in love with my BFF (22F) but says he still loves me. What now?
Do people actually end up with their types?
Ex girlfriend messaging me
My boyfriend (M/36) will always get super defensive in any argument and makes me (F/28) feel like it’s my fault in all our fights
Ex-girlfriend messaging me
Problems with this girl
I've been with my fiance for six years, and I don't want to have sex at all. What do I do?
(22F) poly d&d friend group got weird, had to dip
One of my (22M) best friends (22F), who I’ve been friends with for 5 years, stopped answering me and I’m worried our friendship is crumbling
I've been with my fiance got six years, and I don't want to have sex, what do I do?
WIBTA for telling my landlady that my roommate has brought in a dog to our house against the lease, and without asking while knowing I’m an asthmatic?
Help
I (17M) don’t feel close to anyone in my friend group anymore...
WIBTA for telling my landlady that my roommate has brought a dog into our house without asking even though I’m allergic and asthmatic?
I (17M) don’t feel close to anyone in my friend group anymore...
My now ex-friend (23M) has been displaying concerning behaviors,and seems to be harassing women he has been involved with. I’m not sure if ending our friendship was enough,or if I need to take other steps to address his behavior.
My ex-friend(23M) has shown a lot of concerning behaviors towards his exes,such as harassment. I ended our friendship,but I am wondering If I should do more.
She deserves so much better than me
Husband keeps saying that our kid doesn’t look like him
She deserves so much better than me
Does he have real feelings for me or just want attention
Crush left me on open
DO GIRLS HATE DATING GUYS WITH SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/ DISABILITIES?!
Online Destiny
I (22f) want to know if I am overacting to my (23f) gf's mothers treatment of her. Cultural difference, narcissism, and LGBTQ+ insight appreciated.
How to confront friend about feeling neglected?
[24F] Is this a reason to be frustrated ? I want to give him the benefit of the doubt.
Boyfriends schedule is effecting my time spent with him
My (25 F) Abusive family is harassing and stalking me
[24F] Is this a reason to be frustrated? I want to give him the benefit of the doubt.
How to confront friend about feeling neglected?
My (15/M) crush (14/F) is unhealthily obsessed with someone else (15/M)
Looking for women to give honest feedback on my dating bio and pictures.
My ex broke up with me because he’s too depressed but said there’s a possibility we could get back together. What can I do?
Looking for women to give honest feedback on my dating bio and pictures.
My ex says he’s to depressed for a relationship. What do I do?
My (f22) ex (m23) is going through a crisis and has no one to turn to. How do I support him but also have boundaries?
DO GIRLS HATE DATING GUYS WITH SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/ DISABILITIES?! WHY DO GIRLS HATE SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/DISABILITIES?!
(22F) polycule D&D friend group got weird, had to ghost.
My (F22) ex (M23) is alone, depressed and in need of support. What do I do and how do I establish boundaries?
Understanding my [28F] feelings about my coworker [32M, married, kids] and knowing what to do about it
I(24M) hooked you with a girl(20F) after a week of talking and the next day she said talking was awkward
Men and women of Reddit, how do you deal with your partner's sexual past?
Been feeling pretty distant and upset about my boyfriend recently.
Advice on dealing with two friends who recently broke up
Am I being subjected to emotional abuse or am I the problem?
How do I (F20) function when both my best friends hate each other?
Feeling upset about a talk me and my bf just had?
How do I (24M) stop being in love with my kind-of ex (23F)
I (18F) read my boyfriends (19M) messages with his friends and I think he’s talking bad about me? idk what to do:(
I honestly need help because I'm struggling
Seduce my wife
Recent break up in my clique
My (21F) husband (29M) has anger issues and I'm wondering if I was maybe too harsh in this situation?
Angry and Confused from breakup.
How do I function when both my best friends don’t like each other?
Need advice on two of my friends breaking up
Wife likes women?
Dear Grendel Z
(22F) Made friends with a poly d&d group in college, stuff got weird, had to ghost.
I feel like my (25f) boyfriend (29m) is just not attracted to me anymore after living together and I'm honestly not sure he has ever has been - is our relationship salvageable?
Married (40m) but struggling with a crush on a co-worker (30f)
Boss (49/F) jokes about firing me (30/M). I’m pretty sure it’s a joke but I don’t find it funny. What should I do?
Should I avoid a guy like this
Should I avoid a guy like this?
Boss jokes about firing me. I’m pretty sure it’s a joke but I don’t find it funny. What should I do?
Am I jealous?
My (28F) relationship (27M) may have just ended. Is there hope for us?
Made friends with a poly d&d group, it got weird, had to ghost.
Girlfriend(22F) forgot my(25M) yesterday and even after coming over today and seeing my bday ballon, hasn’t said anything to me...
I feel like my best friend is holding me back.
Am I jealous?
Today my (25F) boyfriend (27M) told me about his childhood abuse and I don't know how to help him..
I (18F) read my boyfriends (19M) messages with his friends and I think he’s talking bad about me? idk what to do:(
A girl [16F] that rejected me [16M] is now into me. Should I go with it or tell her to fuck off?
Is it weird to feel so different after a long-ish period of abstinence?
read my boyfriends messages with his friends and I think he’s talking bad about me? idk what to do:(
Is it normal to feel different after being intimate after a long period of nothing happening?
What to do to get my mum and her boyfriend to stop playing music very late at night
Confronting the family about my inappropriate harassment from my younger brothers.
How can I (22F) help my boyfriend (22M) prioritize our relationship?
What should I do to get my mum and her boyfriend to stop playing music late at night?
Today my (25F) boyfriend (27M) told me about his childhood abuse and I don't know how to help him..
I(49F) just found out that my husband(35M) is a necrophiliac.
I feel like I am not in control of my life and it’s making me depressed.
I feel like I am not in control of my life and it’s making me depressed.
Married but struggling with a crush on a co-worker
Bfs (M23) dad is ill how do i (F20) help him
Unsure what to do, need some advice
My GF (25F) and I (27M) Are Considering Moving In Together
My GF (25F) asked me (27M) if we should move in together after a year of dating
Bf(25) keeps doing things that bother me(f21)
My bfs dad may be ill
Bf(25) keeps doing things that bother me(f21)
Alcohol and another argument (AAA)
Why am I (23F) suddenly so nervous to move in with my boyfriend (28M)
I (21) F just found out my bf (23) M still has a tinder account, and is using a photo my father took of us with me cropped out as one of his photos
My (22f) bf (23m) broke up with me, how do I proceed?
My (21F) ex (23M) wants me back after dating for 5 years
How to feel comfortable in my male-dominated work place?
Alcohol and another argument (AAA)
My boyfriend (15M) invited two girls (15F) for a sleepover at his house with nobody else home. Three days ago he said he would screw them if he was single. Should I (16F) be concerned?
Am i wrong for not wanting to hang out with my ex-boyfriend when he cross-dresses?
I[30M] wonder what its like to have had your needs met as a child so you don't seek them out in a significant other
My BF broke up with me, how do I proceed?
My BF broke up with me, how do I proceed?
Guys what are some things you do when you’re in love?
Boyfriend purposely bothers me to provoke me
I (F30s) and my married coworker (M30s).. Is it ok?
My (21F) ex boyfriend (23M) of 5 years wants me back
Was Leaving Him The Right Choice?
Should I forgive her?
Why do I (20M) feel like I will never find love?
My [34M] friend [36F] won't tell me "No" - she prefers to just not respond or give me excuses.
I (16m) feel a little left out in my friend group (all 16m). Please help.
Married coworker?..
How can I stop having anxiety in my relationship and stop worrying that my boyfriend is going to cheat on me?
i’m confused
How do I tell a friend that I'm dating a guy she has history with?
My(F28) dad cheated on my mom (who had cancer) with a much younger woman and i think it made me unable to hold a relationship
Not interested in future endeavours?
Is he the one for me?
Not interested in future endeavours?
So my (20F) little sister sent this to my (32F) drug addict older sister after receiving a heartfelt slideshow at 5AM.
So my (20F) little sister sent this to my (32F) older sister on Mother's Day after my little sister received a Movie Maker™ Collage at 5am on Mother's Day
(22M) Trying to secure a relationship with untitled girlfriend (19F)
My bf (25M) said he’d break up with me (28F) if I got muscly
Should I be offended that my friend hasn’t told me she can hang out?
Are my (29F) feelings depression or just an unfulfilling sexual relationship with my husband(30M)?
Should I be offended that my friend hasn’t told me she can hang out?
Coworker/friend’s changing communication habits have me confused.
Is it wrong for a boyfriend [20] to tell others what they did as a couple (sexual acts) without the girlfriend's [19] permission?
Is it wrong for a boyfriend to tell others what they did together as a couple (sexual acts) without permission from the girlfriend?
My dad cheated on my mom (who had cancer) with a much younger woman and i think it fucked me up
Never dated anyone. How do I talk to a guy without scaring him off?
People are calling out abusers and I don’t know if I have a right to mention my ex to friends
Thinking of breaking up
My (21F) Boyfriend (22M) is Lazy and Unambitious
My (21F) best friend (21F) will not communicate with me over us moving an hour away together in less than a month.
Boyfriend’s Dad Hates Women?
[NSFW] We were cuddling on the couch and I [M30] decided to pull it out. My girlfriend [F30} freaked out and slapped me in the eye.
Whats the meaning
Was I GHOSTED?? He hasn’t replied to my message in 2 days - what should I message him to find out (if ghosted or something wrong)
I [21F] am uncomfortable with my former classmate [23M]; I think he's obsessed with me, but we were never a thing...I'm super creeped out at this point. Should I block him?
Help support me. Let’s unite. You’re not alone
Feeling humble. Help me on this journey. Too many people are suffering alone. Let’s unit. You’re not alone
What should I do about my thoughts about Women?
Boyfriend’s Dad Hates Women
Thinking of leaving
[NSFW] We were cuddling on the couch and I decided to pull it out. My girlfriend freaked out and slapped me in the eye.
How do I [20F] stop seeing people in a very Black or White way?
How do I [20F] stop seeing people as Good or Bad?
Me (M 32) has just found out my wife (26) is emotionally cheating on me with a prisoner from another country advice on what to do appreciated.
any advice?
What is a mature response?
I (21f) found my boyfriend (28m) with his female friend (25f) kind of hitting on him and now I'm not sure what to do. She was taking care of him.
I (19 m) broke up with a girl (19 f) but dont want it to end there
What does it mean when this guy(22M) moves away from me(22F) while sitting on the couch?
I [21F] am uncomfortable with my former classmate [23M]; I think he's obsessed with me, but we were never a thing...I'm super creeped out at this point. Should I block him?
GHOSTED? What to message after 2 days? HELP ME ASAP I want to reply now before it’s been too long
A guy (22M) moved away from me (22F) while both on the couch?
My best friend is emotionally abusing her partner and won't let him leave
My[M25] Friend[F23] That I used to have a thing for, stopped talking to me and I don't know why?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet. What should I do?
I am worried my friend [26M] is being influenced by his conservative family into a lifestyle he had been extricating himself from, including marriage.
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet. What should I do?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet.
I (23F)want to a guard dog to protect me from an abusive ex but my husband(26M)doesn't want another dog in the house.
i 19 m broke up with 19 f
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet. What do I do?
Coworker/friend communication habits have me confused.
Is it normal to “have to” shave?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet.
Need advice about a guy I went to school with?? He's creeping me out and I'm pretty sure he's obsessed with me but we were never a thing...
Depressed friend
My husband is very mentally unwell and I live in fear for his health, well-being, and job (M/F, 31, 10 yrs together, 6 yrs married)
Is it normal to “have to” shave?
I was going to ask a girl to be my girlfriend today but I'm getting cold feet.
Phobias, kinks and end of relationships (28f and 29m)
Should I [20 F] stop trying to keep a relationship with my Ex?
My husband is depressed and I am afraid he is going to get fired from his job (31 M/F, 8 years together)
I (f20) am starting to develop feelings for yearlong friend (m20)
My boyfriend 21 has toxic friends and I (21) don’t know what to do, does anyone have tips?
Best mate slept with guy I was interested in
My (27m) boyfriend is very emotional and I (28f) want to scream!
‘Best mate’ slept with my love interest
idk what to do
Every time I look at/think of this boy I get a strange sick feeling
Quick question -kind of TMI
Should i just wait or no
How Do I [22f] deal with a Broken Heart during Quarantine and School?
Husband [21M] likes watching furry porn and loli porn, I [21F] want him to stop.
First hook up since breakup need advice for post-hookup
Every time I look at/think about this boy I get a strange sick feeling
Help husband accusing me of Botox
My boyfriend looked at pictures of naked girls right after we had sex. Is this a bad sign?
Husband m(27) me f(27) is accusing me of getting Botox.
I litterally hit the jackpot today!
Best friend/ex won't answer a simple question
I litterally hit the jackpot today!
My best friend (25m) told me he has feelings for me (22f)
Should I (26F) tell my partner (29M) that I slept with my coworker?
Do I (22F) owe my father (58M) an explaination for why I am cutting contact, or even notice that that is what I am doing, given our relationship?
ME (28M) kissed my (23F) cousin on forehead. Does everyone do this?
My girlfriend’s sexual past bothered me so I ended the relationship
Who has kissed there cousin on the forehead?
Should I (26F) tell my partner (29M) that I slept with my coworker?
I (F23) am sadly in love with my partner (M28), but he still loves his ex.
Suspect that my friend (21F) could be into me (21M), I'd kinda like things to progress but am unsure if I'm reading too much into this?
Advice Needed - Me (27F) found out I was pregnant after breaking up with self-destructive (31M) boyfriend. Now I had a miscarriage and I think he hates me because he won't talk to me." has been removed because:
Was my(21F) reaction insensitive?
Was my reaction insensitive?
I [45m] asked my wife [45f] if she would be willing to repurpose our late daughter’s room. She cried and said that’s not what she wanted. Not sure how to handle this moving forward.
If my boyfriend (18M) of 2 years watches porn when he has a bunch of nudes of me (19F) and stuff, does that mean I'm not good enough for him?
I F25 have been attending EMDR therapy for the past year every 2 weeks. My therapist and I think I should ask my boyfriend M25 of 5 years to come to a session with me to understand our relationship/ his perspective of me better. How do I ask him?
I got a tattoo of his face...
I (23 f) outgrow my best friend( 24 f) of 6 years
My (F/21) bf (M/22) fetishizes lesbians but doesn’t like them if they aren’t “nice to look at”
I [23 f] outgrow my best friend [24 f] of 6 years
I (23M) love my best friend (23F) who’s married
Might have outgrown my best friend
I got a tattoo of my boyfriend's face...
Advice Needed - Me (27F) found out I was pregnant after breaking up with self-destructive (31M) boyfriend. Now I had a miscarriage and I think he hates me because he won't talk to me.
Should I go on this trip to the beach with my gf tomorrow even though her parents hate me?
I (23M) love my best friend (23F) who’s married
How do I [26m] break up with my [25f] co dependant girlfriend
Fighting with my (25m) parents (60+ f,m)
My whole life is depending on my relationship and I'm not happy in my relationship
My (25F) friend (34M) is starting to feel pressured into getting married/starting a family. I’m not sure how to help.
I (22M) am uncomfortable with intimacy and its breaking my heart.
How do I begin to grieve my (28F) relationship with my ex (36M) in a healthy way?
Finally cutting off ties
Me (28F). My BF (25M) doesnt listen to the things I tell him and I dont know what to do at this point.
Suspect that my friend (21F) could be into me (21M), I'd kinda like things to progress but am unsure if I'm reading too much into this?
I’d be awful if I left him
How do I begin to grieve my (28F) relationship with my ex (36M) in a healthy way?
Fighting with my (25m) parents (60+ f,m)
I [18M] feel used by my best friend [23F]
I (22M) am uncomfortable with intimacy and its breaking my heart.
I am a F25, dating my boyfriend M25 for 5 years. I go to EMDR therapy every 2 weeks. My therapist and I agree I should bring him to one of my sessions to understand our relationship better and understand his perspective of me. How do I ask him?
I [M23] found out today that my ex and first love [F20] now has an onlyfans
I love my best friend who’s married
I'm (30m) unsure if I should marry my fiance (28f)
Long Distance Cheating
Would you say this girl (21F) I'm friends with is into me (21M)?
(19M) Extremely weird relationship with my ex gf
I (34f) fucked and fell in love with a rebound boyfriend (of 7 months) (35m) during my lengthy divorce. Yesterday he dumped me out of the blue and I am not handling it well. I'm scared. I could use someone to talk to very badly.
How should I ask politely to my gf to shave her legs?
People who don't have a partner that is not by choice. How do you feel and what suggestions would you give to others?
My (28M) girlfriend (26F) is obsessed with comparing herself
My girlfriend(F19) broke up with me(M18) for being too clingy and attached.
I [F22] need someone else point of view of some personal issues I’m having in my relationship with my [M27] bf of one year.
My girlfriend(F19) broke up with Me(M18) for being too clingy and attached. Is there any way to get her back or am I screwed?
Past toxic friendship affecting relationship
I [F22] feel like I’m too dependent of my [M27] BF and want to learn how to stay positive and patient during our temporary long distance relationship
I (20f) keep having nightmares about my bf (20m) cheating because of something he did a year a go.
Does autism excuse chasing a sibling with a knife and other cruel behaviour?
My girlfriend(F18) broke up with me(M18) and I want her back.
Date has some wild baggage
I lied to her. Did I do the right thing?
I (20f) keep having nightmares about my bf (19m) cheating because of something he did a year a go
My (28M) girlfriend (25F) is always asking about ranking regarding sex
How do I ask politely to my girlfriend to shave her legs?
My boyfriend’s friend [M24] wants to move in with me [F22] and my boyfriend[M25] and I don’t feel comfortable! Can someone give me an advice or tell me if I am overreacting?
I [29F] don't give and have never given a shit about life and would rather be dead but I stay alive because of all the people that love me
Miss having a female presence in my life.
My [20M] girlfriend [21F] of a year and a half is depressed, what more can I do to help her?
How do I grt my gf back after breaking up with me for being clingy? M(18)
How do I get my gf back after breaking up with me for being clingy? M(18)
I lied to her, Did I do the right thing?
I miss having a female presence in my life
Does my coworker[25M] have feelings for me [22F]?
It's been a minute since me and my friends hang, but I think they are giving me [27M] an intervention.
My GF (F19) broke up with me (M20) during lockdown because of mental health
GF (19) Broke Up with me (M20) during lockdown due to mental health
How do I (25F) stop being jealous of my friend (23F) because she is spending all her time with her crush (~30M)
How to I (25F) feel less horrible that my friend (23F) has stopped seeing me to only spend time with a guy (~30M) she likes?
I shared my GF with another guy
I can't leave a loveless relationship.
I [31F] told the guy I am spending time with [33M] that it upsets me that he doesn’t want to see me if I am having a bad day and he flipped out.
I shared my girlfriend with a friend
I (22f) don't know if I was sexually assaulted.
Am I [27/f] wrong for not wanting to be around my siblings and mother anymore??
I (18f) think my 3 month boyfriend (19m) is trying to hard to become close to my friends. Should I say something?
Need help with right/wrong opinion (F24)
Help! My boyfriend’s friend wants to move in with us!
Me [26 F] my Ex [29M] Sent me a gift and wants to meet up
My (25F) partner (26M) is obsessed with painting and I’m worried about his mental health.
Trust issues
Lost a friend over their marriage issues
MY (18F) 3 MONTH BOYFRIEND (19M) IS GETTING TO CLOSE TO MY FRIENDS. SHOULD I SAY SOMETHING?
Single dad needs adult time
Family issues
Is Tinder guy (M 24) playing games on me (F 24)? Am I wrong for wanting to flake on him?
Is Tinder guy (M 24) playing games on me (F 24)? Am I wrong for wanting to flake on him?
I (22F) think I found my uncle (60’s?M) who I haven’t seen in 10yrs. I want to reach out but don’t want to hurt my aunt.
Need help with right/wrong opinion
I don’t want to be the girl who misses all the red flags
how do u get over a heartbreak
My (19F) boyfriend's (22M) political beliefs turn me off
My (18f) boyfriend (19m) is getting to close to my friends
I'm (19F) turned off by my boyfriend's (21M) political views
I don’t want to be the girl who missed all the red flags
Rematch w a guy on Tinder. Wednesday I ask him when he's free this week so we meetup. He says he needs to check with his pals b/c plans. Friday (today) he contacts me & informs me that they decided to execute plans on Sunday. He then suggests we meet next week. Am I wrong for wanting to unmatch him?
Is she (f24) interested in me (m28) or trying to get me to F off?
Heartbroken
F(50) M(50) Did he run away?
(20 f) I’ve been seeing has been texting me (23 m) less and less, it’s causing me to overthink quite a bit.
Girl I’ve been seeing for 3 months has been texting me less and it causes a slight anxiety, am I overthinking?
I don’t think I’ve ever shown my true skin to my “best friend”
I F19 hooked up w a friend M19 who Ive had a crush on for the past year. We got together but now I want nothing to do w him?
I texted my bfs ex gf
I F19 got tgt with my bf M19 about 2 months ago on a trip, but he hasn't texted me for the past month?
I [F23] need help coping with breakup
Girlfriend (26F) accused me (27M) of gaslighting her when I told her I thought she needed therapy.
I just left my girlfriend and I dont know why
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on kik...... Mommy00011
Should I [26M] tell my girlfriend [24F] of 5 years I was flirting with a girl online at the beginning of our relationship?
I've been living a lie for 3 years [26M, 24F]
US boyfriend
I (17M) hate staying in quarantine with my alcoholic father (57M)
Date Yourself First
How can I (f33) get my neighbor (m20s) to stop playing music so I can relax and sleep without coming off as a rude chick?
Men: does my best friend like me?
F(50) M(50) Did he run away?
How can I (f33) ask my neighbors (m20s-30s) to not play music without coming off as a bitch?
Men: does my best friend like me?
Men: does my best friend like me?
Would you take it personally if your boyfriend (or girlfriend) rejected your phone call?
Help. I (36F) pushed my boyfriend(34) of 3 months away because I found out I might have cancer. He never responded. Should I just let him go?
Should I [26M] tell my girlfriend [24F] I was flirting with a girl online at the beginning of our relationship
My (31) boyfriend' s(28) former romantic interest gives me terrible anxiety
How can I ask my neighbors to turn off their music without coming off as a bitch?
How do I (21M) talk to my Dad (53M) more openly about my depression/mental health???
Date Yourself First
I'm a control freak and I hate it
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on kik...... clarah001
Me (22F) and my boyfriend (27M) went to a psychic as a joke but I asked her if he ever cheated on me to see his reaction and now he's mad at me.
Time to nip this in the butt but with who
So my girl practically never sends nudes anymore nsfw
My (15F) sister (13F) broke my controller and is now refusing to pay for it.
Boyfriend said he would get hard during a service
My (25M) girlfriend (24F) is jealous of my roommate (24F)
My (27M) girlfriends(25F) sister(35F) found something on my computer and is trying to intervene on our relationship
I (20, m) can't overcome my anxiety to tell my parents about a relationship.
Redditors that were seperated from their siblings at birth- when you found out about them, did you reach out? Was it worth it?
Moved on but still angry with ex
Redditors that were seperated from their siblings at birth- when you found out about them, did you reach out to them? Was it worth it?
my friends avoiding me
I've (M23) been going around in mental circles for 2.5yrs with my partner (F31)
(M35) Lost on how to end a relationship fairly
I [27F] developed feelings for my fiancé's [38M] younger brother [30M] during quarantine. What should I do?
friends avoiding me
Did I [20F] get conned by this guy [25M]?
my friends avoiding me
I (22f) think I found my uncle (60’s?m) 10yrs after he and my aunt split. I want to reach out, but I don’t want to hurt my aunt.
Me [24f] and my boyfriend [23m]. What to do when the magic is gone?
My boyfriend [29M] has extreme personalities and I [25F] don’t know how to deal with it anymore.
help pleaseee D:
How do I get over pessimism around love from bad breakups?
I think my boyfriend is gay, long post
Me [24F] and my boyfriend [23m]. What do you do when the magic is lost?
My [22M] girlfriend [21F] is mad at me for not inviting her to hang out with my best friend after she acted inappropriately towards him
im confused D: pls help
Lost on how to end relationship fairly
SO(31F) ends our relationship; I (30M) opened Pandora’s text messages making everything worse.
My (32f) boyfriend (31m) keeps suggesting I smell. Today he asked me to wear perfume.
Emotional infidelity
This situation
My ex owes me some money from before we broke up. Why doesn’t he ever message me to let me know he paid me back?
I (20, m) can't overcome my anxiety to tell my parents about a relationship.
I (M28) think there's alot stacked against me in finding a relationship and could really use some input.
Water Tone | Drum Music | Energy Activation | Healing Music | Positive Energy | Calming Music
My ex girlfriend (F 24) broke up with me (M 24) and I want her to feel bad, but Im having second thoughs about it.
im not as happy as i was.
[25f] upset at my mom [65f] for calling me like a retard
Is it worth it dating a self centered guy
Dating a self centered guy?
My boyfriend (27, M) wants more space away from me (23, F) during quarantine.
I think my boyfriend might be gay?
I [19 M] am doubting myself after me and my (now former) gf [20 F] broke up
Should I date a self centered guy
My boyfriend (27, M) wants more alone time from me (23,F) during quarantine.
Can self centered people develops feelings for others
HELP! Boyfriend (24m) just told me (23f) he kissed two girls early in our relationship
Am I [25M] in the wrong for this shouting match with my landlady [60F]?
Matched with a Girl from High School on Tinder
My mom treats me like a 4-6 years old child! I'm 28!! How can I tell her to stop treating me like a very young child politely which will not upset her? I do not want to upset her because when my mom gets upset/mad, she becomes so violent and she attacks violently!
NEED ADVICE. Boyfriend (24m) recently told me (23f) he kissed another girl twice early in our relationship
My (19 F) fiancé (20 M) pranked me and I was so humiliated I threatened to call off the wedding. We don’t know how to move past this.
I (40M) just found out my gf(40F) used to be on Onlyfans 20 years ago.
Boyfriend (M 20) caught messaging other girls on Tinder
Boyfriend constantly asks for money and it's frustrating.
Dealing with a bias with work colleagues. I feel so discouraged and am not as social as I’d like to be. I [33/F] have been working in this office for six months. Colleague [30-ish/M] at the same professional level as me, but staff overtly prefer him and his expertise to me & mine.
Boyfriend caught messaging other girls on Tinder
Boyfriend caught messaging girls on tinder
My ex (26M) broke up with me (23F) because he's depressed. I can't move on.
My ex (26M) broke up with me (23F) because his depression is so heavy. I don't know how to move on.
I feel so disrespected by my fiancé’s prank that I threatened to call off the wedding. I didn’t realize how much I hurt him.
What can I (24M) dating girl (22F) do to keep our dates exciting during a pandemic?
My boy friend verbally abuses me.
My cousin-in-law's mistress is harassing me
I(40M) just found out that my girlfriend(40F) used to be on Onlyfans 20 years ago.
Is it me?
Dating during a pandemic. What can Me (24M) and the girl im seeing (22F) do to keep things exciting?
How to deal with an arrogant friend?
Me [20F] feeling anxious about hanging out with co-workers outside of work
I'm starting to think of my family very differently.
Me [20F] feeling anxious about hanging out with co-workers outside of work
4 months after breaking with girl I knew only from Internet, I still think about her daily
The dang past
What is the name of the thing when people shift blame when you confront them?
The dang past
A past that doesn't go away.
Emotional rollercoaster of a relationship finally ended with me ‘leaving’. How do I move on from such highs and lows.
AITA For Having a Black Friend who is a Bit Anti Cop
[Update] I (27F) posted a few days ago about my first real fight with my BF (25M). Apparently, his philosophy is that he feels apologies don't mean anything because they can't change what happened and therefore he refuses to apologize for hurting my feelings.
My (33F) husband (35M) got really into anime last year and now has developed a full-blown Asian fetish. I’m white. Is this just a phase?
I [20F] can't muster the courage to break up with my boyfriend [19M] of two months.
Best way to meet long distance online friend?
4 months after breaking with girl I knew only from Internet, I still think about her daily
AITA for having a black friend who posts about #defundthepolice while rooming with 2 cops?
My (20M) long distance bf is addicted to video games and very cold and I (F18) don't know what to do about it
What should I do?
I’m (24f) in an LDR marriage and my husband’s (26m) depression is at its worse
I (21M) question myself and my relationship with my completely healthy and good girlfriend(18F). I am from a broken home and have no people to talk about relationships.
My gf cheated with her step dad
Close friend of 10 yrs wanted support, then ghosts. What next?
My (23M) gf (22F) being quite hostile
My girlfriend (F33) of almost four months wants me (M41) to agree to poly relationship
I (19F) have just gotten into my first romantic relationship (1 week ago), and am feeling very inexperienced compared to my boyfriend.
Trusting
I (19F) have recently gotten into my first romantic relationship, and am feeling insecure and inexperienced.
Desperately seeking advice from anyone who's had to go no contact with a parent and lost a relationship with a young sibling as a result... (21F) had to cut contact with mother, now (13M) brother doesn't want a relationship with me/blames me for familial upset and my heart is broken
Gf cheated with her stepdad
Me (F,30) and work colleague (F,30) had a discussion... If you love your someone, does it matter if they’re your ‘type’ or ‘preference’.. and once you love them you wouldn’t change a thing?
My [24F] boyfriend [26M] won’t stop looking at women’s feet
I (21M) come from a broken home. My girlfriend(18F) is completely healthy. I question myself alot if I love her enough.
Sister [16f] recorded my wife [29f] and I [28m] while we were making out. Why did she do this?
I’m 29/f feeling a bit down after going on a date and not hearing back from (34/m)
Girlfriend is talking to me after argument but being a bit weird, distant, avoiding certain questions etc - making me feel very anxious and like she’s not being honest with me
Ghosting and insecurities
I [28M] am in a 4 year relationship with a wonderful [25F] girl, but I'm having increasingly frequent sexual dreams about an abusive ex. Help?
I (27F) posted a few days ago about my first real fight with my BF (25M). Apparently, his philosophy is that he feels apologies don't mean anything because they can't change what happened and therefore he refuses to apologize for hurting my feelings.
I [27F] have been in quarantine at my fiancé's [39M] family's house. Two-year-long relationship. I've fallen in love with his younger brother [30M]. What do I do?
My gf (F33) wants me (M41) to agree to poly relationship
18[F4M] Looking forward for serious relationship 😍
I [30F] keep having cheating dreams about my boyfriend [31M].
Pretty long story, but if you're a person who controls your SO because of your insecurities, maybe you should re-evaluate yourself and try to change that. I need some advice.
My boyfriend verbally abuses me. I am very confused as to what to do.
Did you ever dated someone who doesn’t get it that you have broken up with them and they keep coming back?! (To the point you have to block them on social media and avoid them on the streets)
Not sure if I should end relationship with my father
Pretty long story, but if you're a person who controls your SO because of your insecurities, maybe you should re-evaluate yourself and try to change that. I need some advice.
Sister [16f] my wife [29f] and I [28m] while we were making out. Why did she do this?
Boyfriend being taken advantage of by sister
My (18F) relationship starts to stagnate after 7 months of dating and my boyfriend starts to see me as a friend
I [30F] keep having dreaming I’m cheating on my boyfriend [31M].
My (18F) relationship is stagnating after 7 months and my boyfriend (24M) said he said he felt like he was treating me as a friend. We're taking time to see if we can be together or just friends.
I [28m] am wondering if the only reason my ex [28f] wants to start things up again is that after graduating law school she only makes $22 per hour, she started crying after asking her how much debt she has.
Boyfriend being taken advantage of by sister.
I [28MM] am in a 4 year relationship with a wonderful [25F] girl, but I'm having increasingly frequent sexual dreams about an abusive ex. Help?
My lesbian friend (38F) wants a baby with me (33M)
My boyfriend is being taken advantage of by a family member.
GF (20F) of year and a half dumped me (22M) a month ago. I want a second chance down the line (like 8-10 months from now), and she said she doesn’t want that right now but still wants to talk to me.
Performance Anxiety? (M25) (F20)
My boyfriend verbally abuses me
I (23M) am interested in my colleague (23F) but she seems very insensitive to my feelings.
Performance Anxiety (M25) (F19)
I hooked up with my girlfriend's sister while on a break
[32, F] Does my boyfriend of 3 months [50, M] trying to alter my appearance mean he’s not physically attracted to me?
They say that it takes about 3-6 months to get over a breakup. Is this true? I'm at four years and still not over it.
Moving on ASAP ??
My journey on how to explain my SO the place video games take in my life. It applies to all hobbies.
Performance Anxiety (M25) (F19)
Performance Anxiety
Can you be in a relationship with a woman who has never (and cannot) have an orgasm. How important is sex in a relationship? It's more complicated than that, so please read down below.
Is bad sex a dealbreaker for a relationship? Can it be helped? It's more complicated that this, but that's been what I've been hung up on for a few years now.
How do I (21m) tell my gf (20f) that I’m falling out of love with her?
My boyfriend of one year verbally abuses me, i am very disturbed by it and at the same time do not want to leave him. He loves and respects me so do i? Can you help me with it?
My lesbian friend (38F) wants a baby with me (33M)
I (17F) don’t know what kind of boundaries to set with new roommates (18F,18F,21F)
I'm (25F) the common denominator in all my friendships crumbling
I [21M] don't know how to explain to my friends why I can't drink anymore
I [26/M] started a relationship on Monday with my best friend [22/F] of 6 years, everything is perfect, but are we going too quickly? Need some advice.
I [26/M] started a relationship on Monday with my best friend [22/F] of 6 years, everything is perfect, but are we going too quickly? Need some advice.
I (17F) don’t know what kind of boundaries to set with new roommates (21F, 18F,18F)
My boyfriend of one year verbally abuses me, i am very disturbed by it and at the same time do not want to leave him. He loves and respects me so do i? Can you help me with it?
Husband cheated....
I feel like a terrible girlfriend.
I [30sF] am moving in my boyfriend [30sM], and the anxiety is really settling in!
I feel like a terrible girlfriend.
She’s always busy! Break up?!
My [28M] SO [25F] doesn't want to plan for her future and it's driving us apart. She's waiting for her best friend she no longer hangs out with to decide where she wants to move to first
HELP! [18M] At a cross-road with my 1 Year relationship
PLEASE HELP ME! [18M] At a cross road with my 1 year relationship
How do I [F22] get over the fact that my bf’s [M24] emotional support/bestfriend is his ex girlfriend?
Moving in with my [30s] boyfriend [30s] next week, and the anxiety is settling in!
[18M] At a cross road with my girlfriend of a year.
Should i stay with my boyfriend or not?
How do I (21m) tell my gf (20f) that I just don’t love her anymore?
I(21F) am scared to tell my parents about my relationship because of race
My Father (M64) left my Mother (F64) after 46 years of marriage
Marriage troubles. Am I to blame?
How can I encourage hand hygiene and sneeze etiquette for an older family member?
My dad (65m) just passed away, and I (32f) am furious at my aunt (63f) and him
Dealing with my long term relationship breakup
Telling my fiancee M/30. F /29 parents (whom never liked me) we are engaged at their summer home
My Father left my Mother after 46 years or marriage
Help plz
Friend never stops talking about her boyfriend and I can't escape it
Is the grass greener on the other side? (M20)
It's getting harder and harder to be happy for my partner's successes
Friend never stops talking about her boyfriend and I can't escape it
anyone else’s husband try to help around the house only to make it a bigger pain in the ass than it was before?
My friend group trying to get me to date a friend of a friend, despite me having a girlfriend help
Tl;dr Moving into a place with no cat policy
Advice and encouragement needed
Moving into no-cat policy
Im F[26] seeing a guy M[32] and I’m unsure if I am filling a void or is he really interested?
Boyfriend wants to move into place, but place has no cat policy
She keeps saying busy! Break Up?!
my (19F) boyfriend (21M) of four years has horrible anger issues, and i’m growing tired of it
Looking for girl to become my wife
My girlfriend (23) won’t leave me (24m) alone. I don’t know how to ask for space without coming off as a dick.(2years)
Love languages
Looking for girl to be my wife
Girlfriend’s (18F) past is making me (18M) uncomfortably annoyed idkw
How do I end a friendship?
Advice and encouragement to leave my boyfriend
How do I end a friendship?
I don't like how easily attached I am
Boyfriend never wants anything from me
Need advice and encouragement to leave my boyfriend
I (22M) think my best friend (22F) knows I’m in love with her
Is it too early to move in together?
I’m (F20) convinced my sister-in-law (F28) hates me
Is it too early to move in together?
Should I stay in this relationship?
My ex moved on
Losing family member to extreme religious views...book recommendations?
Hi, I'm Bi and not out but I really like a friend. Please help me.
My husband(36M) and mine(35F) friends bought a home very close to our house. They are very social people and we are introverts
My ex moved on
I become way too attached to anyone who texts me because I’m lonely
IT'S OK TO BE ANGRY
IT'S OK TO BE ANGRY
Ex (24f) Visited Me (33m) In Another State And Ditched Me in Said State
I [32/M] feel like my girlfriend [29/F] is the “type” to cheat, and now we’re long distance. What do I do with that?
Was I wrong to comfort my husband before my child ?
To someone I loved.
AITA here for asking my mother to choose decency over appearance?
My [M25] GF [F25] of 5 years left me during quarantine to be with her family
She was snapchatting this man and told it was a girl
Reaching out for some guidance - I was told to cross post this here as well
My [M21] pregnant gf [F19] ghosted me
My [M25] GF [F25] of 5 years, 3 long distance, left me during quarantine to be with her family
My (27f) boyfriend (30m) admonishes me a lot....am I just being a Sensitive Sally?
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
Dilemma around abusive father, financial dependence and divorce
My [M21] pregnant gf [F19] ghosted me
Long distance relation and video calling
My dad (65m) is dying, and I (32f) am furious at my aunt (63f) and him
Long distance relationship and video calling
PLEASE HELP. My husband (30m) caught me (27f) in a white lie, now thinks everything I've ever said is a lie.
Dilemma around abusive father, financial dependence and divorce
My(27F) fiancé(32M) was inappropriate with his ex. Still having bad gut feelings nearly two years later.
Should I (21M) let my friend (19F) go? Or should I text her?
My(27) fiancé(32) was inappropriate with his ex two years ago. Can’t seem to shake my bad gut feelings.
How can I address my boyfriend’s anger?
How can I approach my boyfriends anger?
How can I address my boyfriends anger?
Should I (21M) let my friend (19F) go? Or should I text her?
NSFW/Triggering (F28) moving back to parents (F58/M65) where I experienced trauma
Never did I think I’d be this corny
Girl is taking step back on relationship
How do I [27M] take back some degree of control in my relationship with my Girlfriend [26F] as i have realized i am not living my life as i would like to be and it's effecting not only my relationship but my health as well.
My bestfriend likes me
Not sure how to deal with clingy friend.. aita?
[26M] Right Person [24F]. Wrong Time.
Should I cut off contact with my niece for being abusive to my brother even if he doesn’t ?
Older brother mad at me for babysitting him
I found my sister watching something innapropriate
Would you date a guy with 5.5 ?
Girlfriend of 5 years wants a break - (22M) advice on long term
Husband’s (mid 30s) close friend (early 30s F) has a problem with me
I asked my gf to send me a selfie of her
I’m (F28) Moving Back To Parents (M65/F58) where I experienced trauma
I (23F) have been trying to talk to my partner (26M) about leaving and he won't have it.
Asking my girlfriend to send me a selfie of her
Would you date a guy with a 5.5 ?
Obsessed with ex cheating 2 years ago
My new theory- people that move very quickly in relationships tend to end things quickly
Obsessed with ex cheating 2 years ago
Girlfriends having these thoughts and i'm not sure what to do.
Unsure how to handle my (38f) relationship with my sister (40sf)
realising im in a toxic relationship
Need advice. Have anxiety and not good at making decisions. What should I do?
Would you date a guy with a 5.5 ?
for the first time feeling angry about a toxic relationship
Condom Collapse
feeling angry for the first time
A tabloid wrote negative and unfair articles about me (31/F) and I can't stop obsessing over it / the authors (M 27, F 40)
Friends’ [20s M/F] advice is toxic?
My dad (65m) is dying, and I (32f) am furious at my aunt (63f) and him
How much insecurity is too much and how long should I put up with it? I [29], Girlfriend [26] relationship of 3 years
My (32F) Dad (64M) is dying, I am still angry at his family (especially 62F)
My SO (M/23) and I (F/23) have been together for 8 years. We argue so much about things that I deem "significant", and it tires me. We live together and I just can't imagine separating our lives at this point. Advice?
My SO (M/23) and I (F/23) have been together for 8 years. We argue so much about things that I deem "significant", and it tires me. We live together and I just can't imagine separating our lives at this point. Advice?
BF(32) added his ex on fb
My SO(23F) forgot my(25M) birthday yesterday...
I (M) 21 broke up with my gf (18)over the facts she lied about her body count in the beginning I’ve our relationship advice/opinions/welcom
My friend (f19) is dating an older man (m56) and I’m scared
How long is too long?
My GF(23F) forgot my(25M) birthday yesterday
My friend (f19) is dating an older man (m56) and I’m scared
I (22M) am forced to stay with my parents (50s) over the summer and its been terrible
9 month relationship ended dishonest body count and most importantly dishonesty
Boyfriend [28/M] ditched me [30/f] for flakey dad
My ex (25m) groomed a child and I (21f) need some advice on how to deal with some feelings post breakup
I (22M) am forced to stay with my parents (50s) over lockdown and it has been the worst months of the year so far.
I’m moving across the country and reached out to my mostly estranged father (27f, 60m)
I'm wish I could stop think about a girl at work
How do I plan a break up meet up?
How do I arrange a break-up meet up?
My Ex (M/28) and I (F/26) have a mutual friend's circle but he refuses to try and stay on good terms with me.
Need advice. Have anxiety and struggle making decisions. What should I do?
Is it selfish to message someone a day after rejecting them?
I found something out about my 11 year old sister
I (24F) feel lost after being with an emotionally unavailable boyfriend (27M)
Help improving our relationship
Help improving our relationship
Is it selfish to message someone I rejected because I regret what I said?
Suddenly overwhelmed w anxiety about my relationship(have been dating 2 years) Am I projecting my anxieties into my relationship?
I found something out about my 11 year old sister
I’m outgrowing this relationship but I have too much to lose, what should I do?
My 23 year old boyfriend texted his friend saying he wants to break up. HELP!
Getting to know girl from neighbor work group?
I think I’ve grown out of this relationship but there’s too much in it to leave. Please help
My (16/M) Ex (16/F) keeps trying to sabotage my relationship with my Girlfriend (15/F)
I think I’m growing out of this relationship but there’s too much unfinished business to leave? Please help
30 Male "seeing" 35 Female
Father (58M) told me to kill myself (23M) about a year ago. Since then I’ve never felt the same and issues between me and him have gotten exponentially worse
My husband and I got in an argument on how to parent our teenager
WIBTA if I staged an intervention against my friend due to her relationship?
My (21M) girlfriend (25F) broke up with me saying she's still in love with her ex.
I (24F) am almost certain my co-worker (31F) is my half sister.
Me (21M) and my girlfriend (21F) have been dating since 6 years but that I am now I feel I am attracted to my best friend.
Me (21M) and my girlfriend (21F) have been dating since 6 years but that I am now I feel I am attracted to my best friend.
My (21M) girlfriend (25F) broke up with me a month ago saying she's still in love with her ex.
I'm a 21y/o male with a ex girlfriend problem
Help apologizing and mending a relationship
am i overreacting
Disagreement on how to parent our kid (17f)
Hello, would you be upset if your Male best-friend had sex with your sister? Why and why not?
Apologizing and mending a relationship.
I (24F) am almost certain my co-worker (31F) is my half sister.
Why do we stay with the people that hurt us?
Secure relationships
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) of 7 years says he no longer finds me attractive. He's right, but it hurts.
Affair got me guilt ridden - What do I do?
Help apologizing and trying to slowly rekindle things.
How do you deal with being friendzoned? I (33f) like my friend (31m) a lot. He's now moving in with me.
I (20F) can't stop feeling like cheating is the norm, and it's really affected how I see relationships.
Just need advice and encouragement I suppose
My [F29] friend [F29] constantly lies about her relationships but then comes to me for support and advice
Spices?
Quarentine love
I was on my way out the door because of the emotional abuse when he told me that he has a drug addiction that isn't entirely his fault. Now I don't know what to do.
I (20F) think I’m being mentally abused by my boyfriend (25M)
My [26m] girlfriend [25f] refuses to cook meat and it's driving me insane
Fiance (28M) wants to end our relationship because I (27F) didn't choose him first.
HOW DO U KNOW SOMEONE CARES ABOUT U?
How does the Snapchat story viewer list order work? Something odd happened with a girl...
How does Snapchat viewer list order work? Something odd happened with a girl
Do I (20F) have another chance with him (21M)?
Why am I always distancing myself from my partner?
Why am I always distancing myself from my partner?
How can I (24,F) hold my ground when breaking up with my BF (22,M)?
I was on my way out the door because of the emotional abuse when he told me he's had a drug problem that isn't entirely his fault. Now I'm not sure what to do.
Is it good or bad if my crush is infatuated with me
My girl (17) banged my fiancé. (18m)
Is infatuation a good thing
I (22 F) just found out that my boyfriend (22 M) has made out with one of his friends 4 years ago, a month before we started dating
Is infatuation good or bad
Is infatuation good or mad
My [23M] girlfriend [20F] wants to break up because she's afraid of making me unhappy.
DO GIRLS HATE DATING GUYS WITH SPEECH IMPEDIMENTS/ DISABILITIES?!
My daughter (17) had sex with my fiancé (18m)
I (24F) can't stop thinking about the girl whom my ex cheated on me with. How do I recover?
I messed up, I need an advice. How do I fix this ?
My boyfriend said "I love you, I guess"
My boyfriend is light on his feet, and a really good dancer... And he hates dancing.
I messed up, I need an advice. How do I fix this ?
Is this real friendship or am I (M20) a terrible person?
Wish my bf was who he pretends to be
Different values with partner
I (21f) don't know if I'm overreacting to my home environment.
Different views & values with partner
My 23M husband (we're newlyweds) is being harsh, cold and weird because I will not wear pants in 90 degree weather. I'm 23F
BEST TREKS TO CAPTURE THE SERENE BEAUTY OF HIMALAYAS!!
How can I get best friend’s boyfriend to stop treating me like shit???
Never had one
Do I [M25] have a right to be suspicious of my gf [F24]
Love Fest weekend!
I (18M) seriously lost my temper with my parents (50s) over my baby on the way. They gave me an envelope full of cash and told me to give it to my girlfriend (28F) and they say it’s “abortion money.” I got mad and now they’re kicking me out.
My partner said things that hurt my feelings fully knowing that I'm not capable of handling it yet. (Contains topics of sexual assault allegations)
Guilt
This Is Us series
[19/f] My boyfriend (20/m) told he has a fetish for belly buttons and i don't know what to do at all.
Partner (19nb) left me (21f) today and I just feel empty inside...
This Is Us
Unrequited love is a b*t h
Unrequited love is a b*tch
Is the grass greener on the other side? (M20)
Rommate slowly taking over the apartment
Roommate is slowly taking over the apartment
I feel like a dirty secret
Think I have been bi-curious for at least the last 6 years. But I think it will cause my husband to see me differently, and may cause him to want a divorce... and I don’t know what to do.
I (27M) only talk about feelings and problem to girls I date or exes.
I (27M) can only talk about my feelings with ex girlfriends
Husband’s (mid 30s) friend (early 30s F) has a problem with me
I (m24) dont believe two of my friends/roommates (m24/26) when they say they didnt consider any of our other roommates/friends when planning on moving out (and asking me to keep it a secret)
My 23M husband is saying some seriously confusing and hurtful things to me 23F
As a man the only people I feel comfortable talking about feelings with are my exes
I (M18) have feelings for my friend (F17) that I dont want.
Is it really bad that I know my SO's passwords?
How can I (17F) get my brother (21M) to leave me alone. Am I being too mean towards him?
I (25M) don’t know what a relationship is
I desperately want to have a relationship with a couple.
I’m still in love with an ex and I just don’t know how to handle it anymore.
Should I be worried about my BF?
Am I (18M) wrong to feel upset with my GF (21F)
I (M23) Don't Know How I Feel About Fiance (F23) After She Broke Up With Me Once Before
Cheating husband [36M] coming home tomorrow. What should I [38F] do and how should I deal with Father's Day?
Cheating husband [36M] comes home tomorrow, a day early. How should I [38F] act and what should I do about Father's Day?
Am I (18M) wrong for being upset with my GF (21F)
My [25M] brother [28M] still lives at home and is making our parents’ lives hell [65M][66F]
My (23F) best friend (26M) is ripping our friend group apart and isolating me. Please help
Did I make a mistake not giving him space
My [25M] brother [28M] still lives at home and is making my parents lives’ hell [both 65]
My girlfriend [F31] doesn't seem comfortable around me [M34] when having sex
20[f4m] my ex is very bad guy i wanna new horney bf
I (25M) don’t know what a relationship is
How can I mend the shattered trust after I (23F) went behind my boyfriend's (26M) back to block his abusive mother on his social media/Cashapp accounts?
I [27M] feel like my girlf [27F] is punishing me for the same single mistake over and over and it’s draining me
Choices
Stupidly fell in love with my best friend
Girl who cheated
My [21M] younger brother [15M] is turning into a surly asshole, am I'm not sure what to do about it
Stupidly fell in love with my best friend
Confused
Having trouble with music taste with my BF
Dad sexually assaulted a young girl
BF said he added ex on Facebook bc he was mad at me
Sibling rivalry. What do I(29M) do about the fact that my sister (31F) has convinced our father ( 66 M) to only give her substantial money gifts and expensive items each year?
How is dating (or not dating) during quarantine going for everyone?
Cheating beloved girlfriend.
I (20 F) found my boyfriend (22 M) on Tinder?
Dad cut off me and my sister. I feel like my life is ruined.
I feel like I can’t be in the same house as my step dad anymore. Please help.
My not-really-an-ex just confessed his feelings for me in the same conversation as he told me he’s seeing someone else, 2 months before I move away for school. Why? And what the hell am I supposed to do with it?
A stand still between me and my bf
My coach's girlfriend and I are in love
Avoidant Attachment Style
I (F/19) don't know if it's time to break off myself relationship with my boyfriend (M/19).
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) told me he had sex with a 13yr old when he was 18 and i dont know how to feel
Avoidant Attachment Style
My ex [19f] and me [19M] have a baby together and we recently broke up and now she’s talking about time bwcaude I love her but she’s sending me mixed signals, what do I do?
I [34F] am not sure if I should breakup with my boyfriend [36M] of 1 year or if that is just running away from my problems
My ex [19] and me [19] are having some issues with time and mixed signals that I don’t know what should I do, I feel so lost
My (17M) best friend (17F) has just confessed to me that she is in love with me and I do not know what to do.
How to break up with someone you live with?
I need help, or guidance at least
I feel like I can’t be at home anymore because of my parents. I don’t want to be here anymore. Please help.
I (19F) don't wanna be friends anymore with my friend (19F) but we're in the same friend group
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) told me that he had sex with a 13 yr old when he was 18. I dont know how to feel.
My [52m] wife [50f] needs a long time to get out of "mommy mode" and in the mood for intimacy.
My (21 M) boyfriend tried to handcuff himself to me (20 F)
He[25M] cheated on her[23F] with me[23F], but should I tell her?
What are his (27M) intentions? And how do I(25F) communicate my boundaries?
Extreme insecurity is destroying me inside out and I’m afraid it will spill into my relationship.
I [22M] have found myself constantly questioning “why am I doing this” with my girlfriend [21F]
My girlfriend (28F) is disappointed that I (25M) am not BFF's with her friends. What can I do?
My wife [25/F] married for 1 year wants me to send the nudes I [25/M] have of her and send them bc she wants to compare what she looked like back then.
Me [32/F] with my parents [early 60sM/F] - relationship after retirement and/or moving away. Happy for them, but I feel lost/confused despite everything going well?
My girlfriend (28F) is disappointed that I (25M) am not BFF's with her friends. What can I do?
My Wife (25/F) wants me to send her nudes of herself that she's taken for me (25/M).
Am I right to feel unwanted in my relationship? Help!
I need help boosting my girlfriends self esteem.
My wife wants me to send her nudes of herself bc she somehow lost them.
My (35f) husband (36m) requested a specific gift (a fancy telescope) for Christmas....now he says it's up to me to figure it out/set it up.
I can't keep working with my best friend but I don't want to ruin our relationship
I need help
working with a ex
My boyfriend (23) came home drunk today
Mom never got the partner/husband she deserved in life
How do I (F27) become more comfortable around my boyfriend (M29)
I can't keep working with a friend but I don't want to ruin our relationship
How do I (28m) tell my boyfriend (27m) I have been tasked with a last minute deployment?
Family is falling apart. Nothing is the same since I left for University
23 [m] confused after boyfriend admits he has feelings for a girl.
How do I (28m) tel my boyfriend (27m) I got tasked for a last minute deployment?
23 [m] confused after boyfriend told me he still has feeling for a girl.
working with a ex
(F 25) To the men who cheated on their women that they “loved”, had a deep connection with, etc. did you ever feel bad?
I’m sad about a relationship ending and I just can’t get over it...
Looking for the one
One and only
Taking a break in LDR.
F [27] to the men who cheated on someone they “loved”, had a deep connection with, etc. did you ever feel bad about what you’ve done?
I can't keep working with my best friend but I don't want to ruin our relationship
To the men who cheated on a girl they “love”, had a deep connection with, etc. Did you ever feel bad?
My (35f) husband (37m) frequently insults my dad (65m) and I'm getting sick of it
He [25M] cheated on her [23F] with me[23F], but should I tell her?
working with a ex
My [20M] girlfriend [21F] of a year and a half is depressed, what more can I do to help her?
Maybe i don't deserve being loved.
My [20M] girlfriend [21F] of a year and a half is depressed, what more can I do to help her?
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) has been no help.
How do I (24f) tell my boyfriend (30m) he needs to be healthier and loose weight?
working with your ex
What does it mean if a guy (21 M) mirrored my (20 F) actions?
I [23/M] do not love my mother [54/F]. Will this affect my life in a negative way?
what does it mean if a guy copies you?
I can’t forgive my(28)7y bf (26) for not proposing me knowing my wishes and feeling my expectations all these years....
Do I tell my coworker I like him?
I [23/M] do not love my mother [54/F]. How will this affect me later in life?
Will I ever meet him again?
I (18F) don’t think my (19M) boyfriend is sexually attracted to me anymore.
I (18F) don’t think my (19M) boyfriend is sexually attracted to me anymore.
Was it the right decision?
I don’t think my boyfriend is sexually attracted to me anymore.
I [24/M] feel like I lost the closeness to all my friends
I need help if she is catfishing me or not
I [24/M] feel like I lost the closeness to all my friendships
Moms: What do you or your SO do to get you out of "mommy mode" and in the mood for intimacy.
Toxic parents
Feelings for best friend getting stronger
I never knew I could love someone so deeply. And now he's gone.
I don't know how to explain why I have fallen out of love to my Ex
I don’t know why I’m hurting over this breakup
Idk if she’s catfishing me or not
How can I tell if he just wants attention or has feelings
lost the closeness to all my friendships
I (25f) feel like my relationship with my husband (26m) is over, but I feel guilty for it.
K, so I had a 36-hr panic attack end abt 12-hrs ago, and during that time, I texted the person I am supposed to meet this weekend 14-15 times w/ only two responses. I sometimes struggle w/ social queues, hence the question: "Do I come off as creepy?"
Should I (17F) break up with my boyfriend (17M) because my parents are strict?
Battling insecurities in friendship
Should I (17F) break up with my boyfriend (17M) because my parents are strict?
My [28F] sister's [32F] dangerous behavior online worries me
Battling insecurities in friendship
How do you explain falling out of love with someone who deeply loves you?
I (24m) miss my ex (25f) and want to check in on her, but I don't want my gf (24f) to get upset
Can't Stop Thinking About Going Nuclear On My Marriage
Is it bad to block an ex you ended on good terms with
Insult or what?
My (26F) Best friend (29M) doesn't want to confirm weekend plans in case something better comes up
I (29m) feel suffocated by my depressed girlfriend (25f)
How should I confront my girlfriend about her not disclosing that she has herpes?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My girlfriend (F18) Me (m18) i’m having mixed emotions about our relationship and don’t really know what to do.
I [M 20] am afraid of asking my friend [F 20] on a date because I don't want to ruin the friendship should she reject me.
Am I [F20] missing out only dating one guy[M27]?
My (26F) Best friend (29M) doesn't want to confirm weekend plans in case something better comes up
Can a poll be posted?
Male 17 female 17 7 months
Relationship advice
I [19M] feel detached from myself and other people such as my brother, mother and father [21M, 55M, 54F]
I have a serious question and would like help
How do I stop beating myself up for mistakes I made post break up.
how do i stop going down the 'what ifs' path
I[M] Afraid of asking a [F]riend (known her for a year) out but I'm afraid of doing so because I think it'll ruin the friendship should it fail.
I have a serious question and would like help
The amount of technology my (22F) boyfriend (21M) has worries me, am I overreacting?
Need a second.. or third opinion!
My (40M) girlfriend (27F) of 6 years wants to go away to work in another country.
How do I (28f) stop my (23) sister from manipulating my parents
My moms [63F] issues with my [34F] parenting decisions.
I woke up to her crying.
I Want To Poke Him Just To Make Sure He’s Real
lithromantic
My long term boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been fighting most of this week and I need an outside opinion or maybe some advice. Thanks in advance 💕
My best friend (25m) told me he has feelings for me (22f)
Need advice: my girlfriend of 6 years just told me that in around 6-8 months it’s very likely that she will have to go work in another country.
Send help! My boyfriend says my taste makes him lose his erection!
I (21F) have been fighting with my boyfriend (21M) for like 5 days and I need some advice
My moms [63F] issues with my [34F] parenting decisions
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) emotionally cheated on me, denies the intent, and wants to win me back. Would it be ridiculous if I gave him the chance to prove himself?
Should I(17f)ghost him (18m)knowing he won’t return feelings or is that immature?
Calling all men and women: a conversation on vaginas and orgasms
I’m Jealous
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) emotionally cheated (but he denies intent). Is this relationship even worth saving? Will I be stupid for still wanting to fix it? Why did this have to happen to me?
Friend doxs me, and I have no idea what to do.
How should I approach my GF after finding out she has herpes?
Should I (17f)ghost him(18m) knowing he wrong return feelings or is that immature?
Should I ghost him knowing he won’t return feelings or is that immature ?
Why do my [M] brother [M] and my mum’s boyfriend [M] close to me say these kind of things?
At a loss
My partner (M26) sat me (F25) down to have an informal engagement talk. Feeling confused and need advice.
My partner (M26) sat me (F25) down to have an informal engagement talk.
I don't want to feel like I am being toxic, how do I move past this?
Why do people say these things to me?
Trying to understand my (19F) husband’s (26M) breeding fetish.
I (21F) feel like my gf (21F) isn't over her ex
I (21F) feel like my gf (21F) isn't over her ex
the guy (33M) I’ve (22F) has a crush on for years is engaged
My [29F] husband [30M] downloaded Tinder while on business trips.
I (21F) feel like my gf (21F) isn't over her ex
Me [24 F] with my father/stepsister/stepmother [55/33/55] , not knowing what to do about already strained relationship after not being invited to my grandfathers funeral.
I’m jealous
Abusive Father posted on AITA without my consent and lied the whole way through.
Lessons learned from finally letting go of unrequited love.
My abusive father lied about a pat he posted on AITA
I think my friend (30/m) has an emotionally abusive girlfriend (30/f), but he doesn’t see it that way.
Person (24F) I was seeing broke up with me (26M), said she wants to be friends, is a bad idea to ask about it?
Lessons learned after finally letting go of unrequited love.
My [19M] boyfriend [18M] takes video games way too seriously and I don't know how to help him.
Not sure if this is the right thread but here goes
My (39 M) daughter (14 F) is jealous of my new wife (27 F) and uses feminism as a tool to be rude to her. I'm at the point where I want to ban her from discussing feminism, but I know that would backfire.
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) wants to claim a hall pass because I once had sex with a guy when we were on a break.
Ended 5½ year friendship
Relationship advice when going away
Went through my(23F) boyfriends(23M) phone, found something I don’t like? Now what!
Help with relationship
Advice with relationship
I don't know if I was assaulted?
Guy friend is being rude or is it just me?
Why is my ex such a nasty cow?
Help with relationship
Do I stay or do I go?
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) wants to claim a hall pass because I once had sex with a guy when we were on a break.
GF (18F) broke up with me (21M) because she lost the spark and deep natural connection.
Help!
How do I tell my parents I’m moving out?
GF (18F) broke up with me (21M) because she lost the spark and deep natural connection.
ASAP; Is it me [F22] who is the main issue or my boyfriend [M22]
How do I tell my parents I’m moving out?
I went through my(23F) boyfriends(23M) phone, found something I don’t like? Now what
Anxious-avoidant (me 25/f) meets Avoidant (29/m)
My (30/F) friend (32/F) of five years didn't invite me to her now-postponed wedding and I'm still confused.
My (M25) world feels like it's falling apart and my GF (F26) isn't making it any better.
I’m (M23) moving in with my girlfriend (F23) and my best friend (M24) isn’t happy
My teacher made me (12F) break up with my boyfriend (12M)
Bf (m26) of 7 years have broken my heart not proposing me (f28)while he knew my wishes. Can’t deal with the Resentful
28 M Still Single. Need some tips to ask out a girl.
My world feels like it's falling apart and my GF isn't making it any better.
Need some advice on how to handle tonights talk with boyfriend.
28 n still single
28 n Single
I (m26) am regretting doing no contact with my ex girlfriend (f23)
Me(20M) and this girl(18F) with different views on attraction in a relationship
My cousins fiances mistress is ruining my life
I (m26) am regretting no contact with my ex (f23)
Relationship between 19M and 16F
i (F 25) found my bfs (M 34) reddit and found that he’s just commenting not the most respectful shit on nsfw tiktoks. i’m conflicted because i feel upset because it does not reflect my values and i feel shameful for being upset about it, and i’m also insecure right now.
Has anyone had a positive outcome from couples therapy?
Separating from my (39f) abusive, addict husband (39m), should I disclose to my in-laws about his addiction?
How do I(25f) know his(27M) intentions? and how do I set my boundaries?
I do not know if I made the right choice
My (17f) two friends (17f and 17m) were cheated on by the same person and now the two of them are fighting and I don't know what to do
My (17f) two friends (17f and 17m) were cheated on by the same person and now the two of them are fighting and I don't know what to do
I (F22) am having troubles getting over my ex (M22) - 1 year relationship
My friends were cheated on by the same person, and now they keep fighting with each other, and I don't know what to do
found my bfs reddit and i’m not too happy about what i saw. he’s commenting on nsfw posts from tiktok and it’s not very respectful shit... i feel shameful for feeling upset about this but also conflicted because it doesn’t align with my values
Life and Love
How to ask my fiancée to rein in the criticism?
I (26m) got kidnapped. The kidnapper left some of his belongings in my back pack, which included woman's accessories. Now my SO (28f) doesn't trust me.
My [35f] husband [38m] has weaponized "not having expectations" in our marriage.
I (26M) want to see this girl (23F) who im falling for but said she’s busy this week. When does the double text get annoying?
Separating from abusive drug addict husband, should I disclose to my In-laws?
Me (26M) and my GF (20F) came to a breaking point
Problems with my Girlfriend HELP!!
My [26f] fiance's [36m] mom [70] was diagnosed with cancer. How can I help him cope during the global pandemic?
I (26M) want to hang with someone (23F) but she said she’s busy this week. Ladies, is it annoying to hit her up to see if shes free?
how do i deal with being in love with my friend’s ex girlfriend
how do i deal with being in love with my friend’s ex girlfriend
Having Some Problems With My Girlfriend and I Need ADVICE!!
Me and (27 F) BF (29 M) came back from vacation and it was an emotional rollercoaster.
How do you know it’s time to let go of someone? Leave a relationship?
Should I[27M] tell my friend [23F] that I like her?
I (30M) had some (consensual) pics of my GF (30F) half naked on an app on my computer - she asked me to delete, I did but the pics are still stored in hundreds of backups.
I feel like I'm in a toxic relationship
I F(22) am having troubles getting over my ex (M22)
My boyfriend (27m) and I (23f) are really lacking communication and it’s making me so frustrated I don’t know what to do and he’s also depressed.
Boyfriend barely talking to me (21f) in quarantine
I (23f) am so frustrated with my boyfriend (27m) and I’s lack of communication I don’t know what to do
Boyfriend barely talking to me (21f) during quarantine
Roommate and I have put in lot of work and money to build our home gym. Other roommate constantly uses our equipment without offering to pay. Can we ask him for money?
My [35f] husband [38m] has weaponized "not having expectations" in our marriage.
I (26M) have a partner with depression(26F) and I'm exhausted..
Completely destroyed my girlfriend’s parent’s only bathroom.
My (23f) friend (22m) and I have been sleeping together. He admitted feelings but changed his mind. Having a hard time moving on.
My [27f] fiance [35M] mother [70] was diagnosed with cancer and I do not know how to help him.
(Update) My BF Agreed to Therapy
Lost all respect for my friend, feeling completely disassociated. F23 & f26
Should I [22/f] tell him I kissed another guy?
Me 35(M) worried he's being gaslighted by 27(F) he is in love with
Completely destroyed my girlfriend’s parent’s only bathroom.
want to get on the same page as gf
I (21/f) made lighthearted incestual joke to my mom about my uncle (29/m) and aunt (31/f) (my father younger siblings) and it later caused fight between my father and uncle. What should i do, should i talk with my father and apologize ?
My (23f) friend (22m) and I have been sleeping together. He admitted feelings and then changed his mind. Having a hard time moving on.
Would you settle if it meant not being alone?
My best friend (18f w 18m) is in an extremely toxic relationship and will not let me help her.
Me (35M) worried that I'm being gaslighted by my friend (27F) that I fell in love with?
I (21F) am planning on having a distance hangout in my garden on Saturday. Two people (21M and 23F) that I deliberately did not invite are planning on showing up, what do I do?
My BF Agreed to Therapy
I miss my best friend, am I being ridiculous or should I reach out and how?
Why isnt my (25f) husband (26m) interested in seeing his son? Is it my fault ?
Boyfriends (m23) family don't want me (f22) at family BBQ this weekend.
I really miss my best friend, am I just being ridiculous?
Help! Substance abuse and drugs! TLDR at the top
My BF Got Therapy (Update)
pushed guy away because I might have cancer...
Need Advice - My Girlfriend Gave her Daughter Up for Adoption and I am not sure how to make sense of it.
Redflags in a relationship[21/M][20/F]
How to tell someone they have PPD?
I was stood up and possibly lied to by my friend
How to tell someone they have PPD?
I’m [M/18] currently texting a girl [F/16] from Thailand and I want to talk to her more. How do I not screw things up with her?
Is this a painful lack of effort from my boyfriend and is it reasonable to try and change it?
infidelity suspect: I really don't know what happens
He (24M) never loved me (24F) so why am I so upset over our break up?
How do you deal with S/O that does drugs?
How do you deal with a S/O that does drugs?
Broke up with boyfriend and we live together. Help?
Is it wrong that I (19m) talked to a 16 y/o F?
Boyfriends (m23) family doesn't want me (f22) at BBQ this weekend
Doomed to never find love M[32]?
M(26) f(29) need help in being a better partner. We aren’t together yet but I hope we will be soon
Sharing Expenses During Pandemic -- Temporary Cohabitation: Me (45/M), She (45/F), 2 Years
I 'm feeling something weird about me...
Need advice on being a better partner(lots of stuff involved) m(26) f(29)
Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend (Repost with new info)
Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend (Repost with Update)
Need Advice - my Girlfriend gave her Daughter up for adoption, and I am not sure how to process that
Is it weird for a 19 and a 16 y/o to talk?
My Girlfriend Placed her Daughter For Adoption
I am 28F, have never been in a relationship, and haven't had sex in 3 years. And I'm feeling it.
I [27m] am embarrassingly infatuated by girlfriend’s [23F] drinking. Trying to tell her.
Doomed to never find love M[32]?
My(25m) gf(22) had a 3way relationship with her best friend and bf but wants us all to hang out.
Sharing Expenses During Pandemic -- Temporary Cohabitation: Me (45/M), She (45/F)
Ugh. I didn't want to make this post. But I am 28F and never been in a relationship, and I'm really feeling it.
Boyfriend can’t seem to be loving without me telling him to be
Boyfriends (m23) family doesn't want me (f22) at fathers day BBQ
Should I(31F) take my ex(32M) off child support so that he can stop harassing me and trying to make me feel guilty?
My [24 f] boyfriend [24 m] decided to move with me for medical school and now he’s in a quarter-life crisis
Wife wants a 3rd job. I think its a bad idea.
Wife (F31) wants 3rd job. I (M28) think its too much.
Kissing in the bed without having sex
Wife wants to work a 3rd job, i think its too much.
My boyfriend bans me from using anything of his after a fight
I [18F] am looking for a [M]
I’m 26 female and I’m in love with a 45 year old male
Sharing Expenses During Pandemic: Temporary Cohabitation
Am i overreacting??
Am i overreacting??
Am I too sensitive? Sensitive in another way... General relationships question
I [28f] Worry About My Generation
Me (f/24) and my bf (M/24) care about each other but are way too different
I (26F) have a date (26M) tonight but he hasn’t confirmed yet. How many hours in advance would you expect your date to confirm?
I [28f] Worry About My Generation
Boyfriend can’t seem to be loving without me telling him to be
I (23F) Realized my boyfriend(25M) Was my online stalker. Should I stay with him?
Worried for my alcoholic mother/parents and don't know what to do [28F + 59F/60M]
My bf bans me from using anything of his after a fight
Affection, 21 M, 20 G
Affection, age 21 (M) and 20 (G)
Affection
My (38M) girlfriend (37F) is having issues with kids from previous marriage
How did you meet your SO?
My [26/M] ex [26/F] hacked my wifes google account and is texting me using her phone number somehow..? Pic inside
I want to date someone other than my (15M)BF?
I [27/M] misspelled her [27/F] name and she is pissed to the point she is accusing me of cheating on her
Girlfriend started feeling down, then stopped communicating
I’m trying to go NC so that my ex and I can actually get back together (both 21). But all he sees is rejection.. and he tells me that he hates me for making him love me..
I [27/M] misspelled her [27/F] name and she is pissed to the point she is accusing me of cheating on her
Did I (20M) do the right thing by dumping my gf (19F) because she was fat and too lazy?
My (18F) mother (51F) won't stop talking about my personal life.
Help! Substance Abuse and Drugs (22f dating 22m)
When you finally realize that love isn't really everything
Ending a 5½ year friendship and it sucks
Did I (20M) do the right thing by dumping my gf (19F) because she was getting too fat and lazy?
Husband is angry with the couple that I'm a surrogate for.
I (23F) have suddenly been thinking, why is incest looked down upon? Like what's the actual logic (just random wondering, don't be offended)
UPDATE: Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend
I’m [18m] visiting my cousin [16f] and her parents. She’s likely creeped out by me because I used to tell her mean and creepy things when we were younger. Should I apologize or stay out of her way?
(33F) Odd communication issue with my (27M) boyfriend
Need someone who is really ready to for relationship leading to marriage one day .someone who is highly committed .text me through my hangout Joycedrobinson74@gmail.com
Best movies to loath in for your crush.
Is it normal for a bf to get off to girls he knows or exes?
Relationship with my (23F) boyfriend (27M) making me ill - what should I do?
How would you tell a friend whom you have a solid friendship with for over six years that you have feelings for her?
Whenever I ask husband to do a task, he asks so many questions I may as well do it myself. Then he gets mad when I get annoyed by this.
My (24M) girlfriend is pestering me (24F) for sex and she is not being herself and its making me worried
Corona times
Me [48 M] with my wife [49 F] 10 Years, how do I make her accept me wearing panties
Anyone want to help me take my fiancé to Bali for our honeymoon?
I (20F) had a breakdown after my parents (50F/51M) wouldn't give me proper reason behind why they wouldn't let me move to a different house
girlfriend insecure over my personality
Ex-GF wants to set me up with someone
My (29m) roommate's (28m) GF (24f) is staying at our place too much
My parents love my twin more than me/ is it messed up my dad has me give my twin money when he doesn’t
LDR GF (F/29) Rich Guy Friend (M/30) - How should I interpret this?
My parents love my twin more than me/ is it messed up my dad is having me give my brother money when he doesn’t
I [27M] consistently doubt the strength of my relationship [2 yrs] because of Reddit
I [27M] consistently doubt the strength of my relationship [2 yrs]
I (20f) want to reconnect with my cousin (25?f) but we haven't seen each other in 10 years because our parents hate each other.
My parents love my twin more than me; is it messed up my parents have my giving money to my twin rn?
TL/ DR; what’s wrong with my gf
I consistently doubt the strength of my relationship because of Reddit
How can I [F27] navigate "renting" a room from my best friend [F28]?
How do I reconcile with my stepmother for the sake of the family?
I [20F] want to tell my boyfriend [21M] of two years I want to move out of our shared house
Anxious-avoidant (me 25/f) meets Avoidant (29/m)
Just was wondering...?
During a fight I (28/m) told my younger sister (26/f) that i love my older sister (29/f) more then her. Should i apologize, would my apology even matter anything ?
Anxious-avoidant (me 25/f) meets Avoidant (29/m) - kind of long, sorry
constant struggle to commit (26f)
constant struggle to commit
Literally everything from the past few months has me (34M) asking myself if this is even worth it anymore. I feel empty, I can’t do it anymore. I’m done.
what’s wrong with my girlfriend?
How do I (23F) tell my boyfriend (24) to save his money so we can move in together?
Lie about unprotected sex
HAVE YOU EVER MET SOMEONE AND WISHED THAT YOU MET THEM LATER IN LIFE??
(27/f) My friend(24/f) has given me the silent treatment for a month and is now reaching back out, but I’m on the fence about it and need guidance
Extremely toxic sister in law
I [26] think I’m the toxic one in relationships and I don’t know how to change
My boyfriend [31M] hates that I [29F] like to walk off when I’m angry or when he snaps at me. I also hate that he likes to hind in his room all day when we argue. What should I do to make our relationship better?
Deceased military uncle and questions about niece causing upset
Should I (28 F) keep waiting for a married man (42) to get a divorce
Long winded military post (uncle and niece)
I’m lost and don’t know what to do
My boyfriend hates that I like to walk off when I’m angry or when he snaps at me. I also hate that he likes to hind in his room all day when we argue.
Lie about unprotected sex
Should I break up with my gf?
I [26] think I’m the toxic one in relationships and I’m not sure how to change
What to do with this girl
Should I break up with my gf?
My [22/f] bf is really depressed. What should I do?
My parents love my twin more than me
Can i (M/27) as a gay man have a straight life
I'm gay, and i just want a straight life
Both myself (M25) and my ex (F25) want to be close friends...is it normal for everything to be the same though minus the physical intimacy of a relationship?
I (40f) somehow still want him (41m) and am STILL devastated by his infidelity over a year later despite the fact that he really sucks.
How do I (19F) support my bf (19M) when he doesn't know what he wants to do with his life?
How do you move on?
My bf [21/m] is really depressed and I feel bad. What should I do?
How do I (19F) support my bf (19M) when he doesn't know what he wants to do with his life?
My dad (64M) offered you get an apartment for him and I (22M) for the fall while I’m not in school and I’m not sure if it’s the right thing to do as I don’t want to hurt my mom (53F)
My teacher made me break up with my boyfriend
Jealous of ex and my friend
V sad gal
Fixing it - would this drive you over the edge?
My husband (29M) recently made a new friend (F). What should I (28F) look out for?
I (25/F) always feel superior to my BF (25/M)
How to do I (23M) move on from what I thought was the love of my life (20F)
How can I (25F) win back a guy (27M) after we split because he was struggling with his anxiety?
help.
I (28F) am having issues with my BF(30M) who lacks ambition.
Mom went with new family to the beach for the weekend
My (26M) Girlfriend (25F) saw some pictures on Facebook of me and my ex, she’s feeling down. Advice?
My BF (28) wants me (28F) to be a "strong person"
My (26F) boyfriend (24M) acts very differently outside of our house... less affectionate
I (28F) am having issues with my BF(30M) being unmotivated in his personal life.
What do I (25F) text him (27M) to get him back.
I (m40) feeling super guilty after realizing I lead my now ex gf (f36) on unintentionally for 6 months
i love my boyfriend more than i love myself
My boyfriend’s (20M) stingyness is causing arguments between him and I (20F)
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) talks to his ex regularly and it bothers me. Help? :(
I (18f) said my sis (28f) shouldn't dye her hair darker for her wedding and she's upset, thinking I said she looks ugly..
Going to different colleges
Going to separate colleges
Me [19M] wants to start talking to older Women. (30-70).
i love my boyfriend more than i love myself
Me [19M] is wanting to start talking to a women who is a lot older then me.
Boyfriend made comment about weight
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] wants to save our dying relationship.
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] wants to salvage our broken relationship.
tips on how to talk to mother
My (36/f) husband (35/m) paid for nudes and porn from one person and sent messages telling her how hot she is.
I need ah girlfriend asap🥺
Am I (20F) a fake friend to a girl (21F) I met on bumble ?
I’ve (18f) have fallen out of love with my boyfriend (19m)
Friend (21F) sent new a long message about me (20F) being fake ?
My [M 23] Ex [F 22] is moving back home because of Covid; What should I do?
My girlfriend (17F) broke up with me (18M)
My [M 23] Ex [F 22] is moving home because of Covid; What should I do?
My BF (28) told me (F/26) I'm too friendly with other guys
I (30’sF) said some stuff I regret to an acquaintance, (30’sF) now what?
Is he cheating
GF (F/28) Guy Friend (M/30) - How Should I feel about this?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My [22M] girlfriend [21F] touched me sexually and I couldn't tell her that I didn't want her to
I (30F) emotionally cheated and my girlfriend (28 F) doesn’t trust me anymore. How can I rebuild the trust i violated?
Communication, vulnerability, and love.
Flatting with best friend’s now ex
My (24M) wife (22F) is miserable...
I (M24) am becoming increasingly jealous and insecure over my SO’s (F30) female friend.
Flatting with my best friend’s now ex
My (24M) wife (22F) is miserable...
How to prevent losing emotional connection with someone you spend such little time with?
I (22M) recently remembered a repressed memory/vision of tapping the side of my genitals with my ex-girlfriend's toothbrush around 3 years ago. I immediately told my girlfriend [22F] who is understandably upset and may not be able to see me the same way again.
I (M24) am becoming increasingly jealous and insecure over my SO’s (F30) female friend.
My (23M) gf (22F) of 2 years being dishonest and hostile.
He (20 m) showed up at my (25 m) hosue unannounced
How do I ( F, 20) prevent losing emotional connection to my partner ( M, 22) when spending such little time together?
Me [19M] wants to start talking to 30+ year old females. Is this normal ?
How can I [35M] be there for my baby brother [14M] who was a victim of online grooming
How can I [35M] be there for my baby brother [14M] who was a victim of online grooming
I (22M) recently remembered a repressed memory/vision of tapping the side of my penis with my ex-girlfriend's toothbrush around 3 years ago. I immediately told my girlfriend [22F] who is understandably upset and may not be able to see me the same way again.
Me [19M] wants to start talking to women 30+ is this normal ? is there a community ?
Boyfriend has no time
Me [19M] wants to start talking to older women.
My EX GF is jealous of my Wife and Children
My (20f) and partner (19M) have been dating for 3 years but I feel too young to continue to commit to him
My (20f) and partner (19M) have been dating for 3 years but I feel too young to continue to commit to him
Hi i need advice and help.
My (M35) fiancee (F25) passed away 10 years ago and it's become clear I'm going to spend the rest of my life alone. My family just doesn't understand.
How do I deal with my GF during her PMS??? It's driving me crazy. (M/F 30's)
My (25/F) sister (23/F) has been brainwashed by her boyfriend (24/M) into becoming racist
Deteriorating sex life
What to do? +girl
My [22M] girlfriend [21F] touched me sexually and I couldn't ask her to stop, is this normal?
F[22]M[25] broke up with "boyfriend" then had sex with him 2 months after.....am i just a "hook up"?
F(22) m(25) dating over a year, broke up, i went to his house and has sex, now in confused
Me (F21) and my boyfriend (F22) has a serious talk about marriage and I don’t know if this is the right decision.
End of my rope
My [24F] 6 year old relationship with [28M] sorry for the long post
End of my rope
30M Childless, need advice on dating 33Y woman with 50/50 custody of 6yo
Ladies what is your opinion on premature ejaculators?
I’m afraid to show a guy my true personality in fear they’ll eventually leave me?
I’m afraid to show a guy my true personality in fear they’ll eventually leave me?
Lady with second personality. My gf(25f) & I(30m) has been together for 3 years. Last week has been so rocky & mentally unstable.
Help my friendship is being ruined by politics
My friendship is ending over politics
30M Childless, need advice on dating 33Y woman with 50/50 custody of 6YO
Has anyone ever felt like a break up was too easy? I was with my ex for a year and my feelings for him just faded and I found it so easy to break up and move on. Sometimes I feel bad about it, he is finding it very difficult even 6 months later. Anyone else?
My wife (25F) has nothing to care for so she babies me (25M) instead
I think my[F23] boyfriend [M24] is avoiding finding work during lockdown and it’s getting me down.
Me(27M) and my girlfriend (22F), am I being childishly paranoid about her reputation and should I get over myself and trust her to be faithful to me?
I (21 F) have a crush on my coworker (21 M) and think he might feel the same !
My[F23] boyfriend [M24] hasn’t worked since lockdown and I’m struggling to accept it
How can I deduce whether or not my neighbors smoke drugs?
I [17M] at the time, dated a [19?M] catfisher and now, nearly a year later, I am wondering if he was right
UPDATE TO: I [21/M] have been looking for my sister [18/F] since 2014. I found a way to contact her last night, but I'm not sure how to do it.
Me 27f and boyfriend 28m together 4 years. Doubts
my (23M) boyfriend (24M) is being hostile towards my new hobbies and it makes me insecure
I’m confused
[24][F] work literally broke me and [M][25] got promoted there
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28m, developed strong romantic feelings, possibly mutual, did not and will not act, never talk about them---should I?
I want him to be my first in everything. What should I do?
Not sure what to do with relationship me f27 him m28 4 years together
I (23F) have been struggling over what to choose: my long term relationship till now or the new excitement
I (22F) had a nervous outburst and my little brother saw me
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28m, developed strong romantic feelings, possibly mutual, will not act; about to go home to husband 32m, feeling unexpressed. --- **tl;dr**: can any good come from discussing romantic feelings I do not want to act on with not my husband?
I'm [22 F] worried my friend [23 F] is into me.
My friends girlfriend on meeting app
When you ask for "closure" after a breakup what exactly are you asking for?
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28m, developed strong romantic feelings, possibly mutual, will not act; about to go home to husband 32m, feeling all the feels **tl;dr**can any good come from discussing the romantic feelings I have for, but do not want to act on, with not-my-husband 28m?
I want him to be my first in everything. What should I do?
i got drunk and sat on my friends lap ew
The Me-Too movement is making me (21F) question if sex with my ex (25M) was normal or something worse
Recovering from toxic relationship
i got drunk and sat on some dudes lap ew
Girlfriend's texting patterns are driving me insane
35f quarantined with not-my-husband 28f, developed strong romantic feelings; unquarantined, about to go home to husband 32m--- is there anything to be gained from discussing the romantic feelings with not-my-husband 28f?
Looking for creative ideas
How do I stop my relationship anxiety?
Boyfriend watching porn?
How do I (23F) don't know how to tell my friend (24F) that our friend group don't like her BF?
What is an appropriate post-surgery present for my father?
What is an appropriate post-surgery gift for my father?
Should I tell my friend that everyone in our friend group think her bf is rude?
What is an appropriate post-surgery present for my father?
Asking for separation/divorce
Discussing strong romantic feelings neither party wants to act on... is it ever helpful?
I (28F) wanna tell my casual partner (26M) that I want more out of the relationship, but I'm not sure how to (or if I should).
I (28F) wanna tell my casual partner (26M) that I want more out of the relationship, but I'm not sure how to (or if I should).
How to ask for separation/divorce
Is femenism bad?
I'm [25m] tired of dealing with my gf[21] immature bs
Asking for separation
Separation/ divorce
My(20 F) friend’s (19 F) problems are stressing me out.
Asking for separation/divorce
My friends (27M) girlfriend (27f) in on meeting app
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) subscribed to a girl he knows OnlyFans account
How do I (f, 32) get over him (m, 33) when I want but know we can't be together now?
(27/M) asked (26/F) to be my GF. She doesn't want to anymore
My (24F) boyfriend (22M) started humming a song mid fight and I think he doesn't respect me enough.
How do I (f, 32) get over this when I want but know I can't be with him (m, 30)?
My (20M) boyfriend treats me (19F) more like a mate then a girlfriend, pls help my heads all over the place?
How do you get over someone you want but can't be with?
My boyfriend treats me more like a mate then a girlfriend
My guy is way smarter than me and it's making me feel insecure to the point i want to quit school
I (20F) Like A Guy (21M) From Tinder But I Am Scared To Meet Him After Being Sexually Assaulted in the Past
Near death experience made me (20sF) lose a 10+ year long friendship (20s F)
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) started singing mid fight and I think he doesn't respect me enough
(27/M) asked (26/F) to be my GF. She doesn't want to anymore
Whoop There It Is
How can I overcome this problem I have?
Whoop There It Is
My friends (27m) girlfriend (27f) on meeting app
Do you guys care if your partner drives or not?
The wife of a mutual friend texts my husband a lot
My [25] girlfriend [24] is going to Vegas while Covid cases are trending up
snake friend
Probably not the first person to have a cooking related fight during this lockdown but...
Crush of four years moves away
I [22M] feel like my GF [22F] recent behavior is disgusting. And I’m not sure what to do about it.
My [25] girlfriend [24] is going to Vegas with no regards for Covid
Crush of four years moves away
Got mad at my husband about cooking.
My (24F) Boyfriend (40M) compares me to his ex (30F) and it’s driving me insane
Anyone else get mad when their food isn’t eaten hot?
Concern over possible photo taken without consent
What should I do?
My (19M) and my girlfriend's (18F) relationship has lost its spark during my military service
Why do girls have to leave when you show them that you love them and care about them?
I (18F) want to be friends with ex's (17M) new ex gf (18F)
[21M] & [31F] Getting Married & Started Dating 11 Months Ago
My (20f) boyfriend (22m) won’t let me set boundaries
My (18F) ex (17M) broke up with his new gf (18F), how can her and I become friends?
My break up
Concern over possible inappropriate image years ago.
21M & 31F Getting Married & Started Dating 11 Months Ago
(21M) Getting Married to (31F) Feeling Nervous & Need Advice
I (19M) and my girlfriend (18F) have lost the spark during my military service
I (27f) am getting urges to contact men (27m) of my past
[25F] Huge fight with dad... miscommunication?
My SO (24F) has explicit pics of her previous relationship on social media, and I (25M) kinda feeling weird about that (Few months & serious relationship)
How do I (24F) get better at pulling my weight with the housework?
Those who are or have been avoidant attached, can I get your perspective?
Older cousin won’t talk to me cause he thought I was best friends with his ex’s new boyfriend smh.
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
My SO (24F) has explicit pictures of her previous relationship on social media, and I (25M) kinda feeling weird about that. (Few months & serious relationship)
Those who are or have been avoidant attached, can I get your perspective?
Me [29M] with my ex's, I seem to not be able to stop thinking about them, despite being in a happy relationship
What is the best relationship advice you have ever received as an adult?
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
My mom suddenly wants her money back
My (23F) partner (25M) has been really supportive and I just want to share that
Vent; my (f18) breakup with ex boyfriend (m19) of over a year
Me [29M] with my ex's seem to not be able to stop thinking about them, despite being in a happy relationship
I [26m] am seeing red flags in my girlfriend [23f]
Whats wrong with me?
haven't seen my boyfriend in 4 months and he lives close by
He follows nude ig models and gaslights me when I try to tell him it hurts me
How do I (F/21) learn to care about my boyfriend (M/22) less?
I [M25] am having intimacy problems in my relationship with my bi GF [F22]
My boyfriend [M21] doesn’t care when I [F19] cry, should I stay brokeup?
Should I stay with my boyfriend if he doesn’t care when I cry?
I think my [29F] mother [60F] is an alcoholic and I'm afraid for her safety.
I (20M) get unreasonably jealous of my boyfriend (20M) of six months when he plays video games
My boyfriend [M21] doesn’t care when I [F19] cry is this bad?
My (20F) girlfriend gets mad whenever I accidentally fall asleep early.
I'm [M40] dating a mail-order wife [F36]
My boyfriend seems uninterested and doesn’t care when I cry. What’s happening
I'm [M40] dating a mail-order wife [F36]
Need help with abusive but physically ill mom
I (24f) broke up with my boyfriend (27m) of five years, then, after two months decided to try to work things out again. Need help coping with the ramifications from breaking up!
Am slightly concerned for a friend with their new girlfriend. (Semi NSFW I guess)
I [M25] need advice on my relationship with my bi GF [F22]
Post first date message and awaiting reply (27m & 27f)
He's a keeper. No advice, just a story
Am slightly concerned for a friend with their new girlfriend. (Semi NSFW. you wouldn't want to read this as a bedtime story to yo kids)
Post first date message and awaiting reply (27m & 27f)
Not sure if my (22M) complicated by close friendship with my ex (19F) is worth salvaging
Honours study: what do you perceive to be appropriate sexual behaviour on a first date
Need help with my abusive but physically ill mom
My [21F] ex girlfriend has been withholding my [20M] items for probably too long, but...
What do you think of this guy I went out on a date with?
Dating mail order wife
Engagement: Different timelines - how to reach healthy compromise?
My ex girlfriend [F-21] has been refusing to return my [M-20] stuff for probably too long to matter, but...
I (18M) like someone (17F) who will be leaving soon and dont know how to tell her.
Is me [22F] and my boyfriend’s [23M] baby talk normal or are we psycho??
I (24f) broke up with my (27m) boyfriend after five years, then, after a two-month breakup decided to work on our differences as friends & now facing ramifications from what happened during breakup. Need help coping!
Is me [22F] and my boyfriends [23M] baby-talk normal or are we psycho??
My boyfriend (31M) thinks it’s ok to tell me what to wear (31F) and he doesn’t understand it’s upsetting.
My [M21] best friend [F22] sent me a text that I have no clue how to respond to
He Writes Very Long, Thorough Responses but Takes Forever to Respond..Why?
Confused need help/answers
How often do you consider breaking up with your SO?
Boyfriend unappreciative / should I be upset?
Do older people with adult children unconsciously fill a parental void by forming fatherly/motherly relationships with younger people?
boyfriend unappreciative/ should i be upset?
My [25f] and I [30m] together for 3 years. Going through a mental rocky moment.
My (F-21) boyfriend (M-22) falls asleep while we're texting. I'm I overreacting?
My break up 2018-2020
I’m not sure how much longer I [16M] can handle living under my older brother [20M].
My(F-21) boyfriend (M-22) falls asleep while we're texting. I'm I overreacting?
Confused need help/answers
In a situation that I’ve never been in and need some advice (Long)
My GF [25F] with mental personality issues & cheating & i [30M] struggling.
My (22M) ex-girlfriend’s (19F) sex life destroyed our close friendship. Should I try and fix it?
Lady with second personality. My gf(25f) & I(30m) has been together for 3 years. Last week has been so rocky & mentally unstable.
My(F-21) boyfriend (M-22)falls asleep during texting. Am I too insecure?
Small rant
I (30’sF) said some stuff I regret to an acquaintance, (30’sF) now what?
Boyfriend (29M) says he doesn’t want kids after telling me (27F) otherwise. Not sure how to proceed.
My(F-21) boyfriend (M-22) falls asleep while texting.
Can a toxic person make you become toxic as well??
Together for one year, now boyfriend (29M) says he’s not sure he wants kids, after telling me (27F) a number of times that he does. What do I do?
I’m not sure how much longer [M16] can handle living under my older brother [M20].
Can a toxic person make you become toxic as well?? I’ve never identified myself as someone who like swearing at people. I rarely do. Not even with my family and friends. But with my ex there was a lot of name calling.
How to improve communication with boyfriend. [19F] [21M]
The woman (25/f) that I have been seeing (25/m) for a few months has been repeatedly hot & cold, and i'm doubting things because of it
Am I fucked up?
Broke up with my boyfriend and we live together [Relationships] [help] [advice]
I’m not sure how much longer I [M16] can live under my older brother [M20].
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care!
My boyfriends mental health is impacting mine
I'm not sure how to proceed in my relationships.
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care! 42m/40f
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care!
Is it no self awareness or no empathy or do they just not care!
I [F17] depend so much on my [M19] boyfriend, its scaring me.
I depend so much on my boyfriend, its scaring me.
Figuring out relationships after abusive partners
Being ghosted sucks
My (20) girfriend now ex cheates on me 2 times and i just saw her with a new guys the day after we broke up how to not want to die please
Being ghosted sucks
Feel like the worst person on earth for not introducing myself to his dad?
Years of Hard Work are Paying Off, Friend is Upset
my brother 19 hates me now 21m and Im really upset
my brother (19M) hates me now, and I'm (21M) really upset
Need advice
My (26M) partner (29F) of 4 years keeps being very hurtful while drinking
my brother hates me, I want to fix the relationship so bad
Ended things today with my gf of 6 months & I keep telling myself it was the right choice
How do you know when to stop trying to “make it work”?
my brother hates me, I want to fix our relationship so bad.
Tips or suggestions on how to get a shy/introvert/awkward guy to open up and/or let loose
My brother 19M says he resents me 21m and never wants to see me again
Why Can’t I Commit to Long-Term Partner?
How do you know when it’s time to just cut your losses and stop trying to “make it work”?
My (24F) best guy friend (24M) isn't talking to me?
I [M17] might deep down have feelings for my best friend [F17] and I need advice
Ended things today with my gf of 6 months & I keep telling myself it was the right choice
I’m 24F and I’m about to lose my only friend (27F). Is there hope to make new friends? How?
Can’t Mentally Commit to Long-Term Partner
Am I [27 M] wrong for (kind of) ghosting a female coworker [30 F] I fell in love with?
Brother is dating sister's brother in law, is this weird?
Husband wants nonmonogamy but has personality disorders
She showed me the video.
How do I heal after leaving an extremely abusive relationship?
found my missing mom and she's on meth while also being homeless
I (17M) need help understanding a female(17F)
Healing after leaving an abusive relationship
My GF [27F] still has followers from sex work
Is it normal to weigh the pros and cons of marrying your fiance, or am I just getting cold feet as we approach our wedding date?
I need a gf/bf
My (30M) girlfriend (24F) has reservations about my sexual past
Confused about something in my relationship
My (24F) mother is unhealthy towards me and I don't know what to do anymore.
I dont know what to do.
My [33F] abusive ex-husband [32M] contacted me today. Should I tell my new boyfriend [33M] or deal with it quietly?
I (23f) have a huge crush on (26m) and he's in a relationship. Its honestly been so long since I met someone and felt so much extreme chemistry and its overwhelming. How can I stop these feelings?
My (18/F) girlfriend (19/F) has suicidal tendencies and it's taking a toll on my mental health
“I’m difficult” actually means “I’m emotionally abusive”
Do girls really care about guys who have speech impediments/disabilities?
“I’m difficult” actually meant “I’m emotionally abusive”
“I’m difficult” actually means “I’m emotionally abusive”
How do you make peace with a noisy neighbour?
My (30M) girlfriend (24F) has reservations about my sexual past
I [31] am struggling with my relationship with my partner [28] who wants to move in together asap.
Am I overreacting?
I found out my ex (22M) was cheating on me for a second time (21)
I [27M] cannot care for my grandmother [90F] while my mom is in the hospital because of her abusiveness
i’m (17F) not close with my mother (42F) and don’t know how to become closer
I [31] am struggling with my relationship with my boyfriend [28] during lockdown. We had to stay in separate houses and I feel like it has drifted us apart.
What should I do? I’m socially awkward
My(19F) mum got upset with me because I got emergency surgery and didn't tell her (49F).
i’m not close with my mother and i don’t know how to be
What should I do? I’m socially awkward
What should I do
Everyone I (17M) attract all seem to follow te same strange pattern and it's gotten strange
Need help understanding my situation
I need some help understanding something from a girls perspective hopefully
My (M33) Fiance (F31) is going through a rough time the last few months and its really affecting our relationship
Im a new writer please don't judge i just needed to share my voice
My (24M) partner's(23F) body count makes me feel uneasy
Why did this guy [25M] from a dating app reject me at first, reconnect, hook up with me [22F], then ghost?
I (15F) can't get my ex best friend (18M) out of my head after our fallout
My(16F) boyfriend (24M) has been acting weird
I invested into someone more than they invested in me. Now it’s gone.
My (16F) boyfriend (24M) has changed.
Personality Differences
Is this all in my (27f) head or is my bf (27m) in the wrong? Trust and boundaries.
How do I say no? Like absolutely heck NO!
How can I (20F) get the mental health help I need when my mom (55F) doesn't believe that I have mental health issues?
Told my mother I didn’t want to talk to her anymore
Pursuer [M40] Distancer [F40] dynamic
My [20M] ex makes me feel really messed up and indecisive.
Pursuer (M40) Distancer (F40) dynamic
I'm [26F] struggling with my mental health and I'm afraid how it'll impact my relationship with my best friend [27M]
How to move on from my (M - 23) crush (F - 23) finding someone else.
Have you ever discovered you are more deeply emotionally invested in a 'good' friend than they are in you?
Pursuer Distancer dynamic
Love at first sight?
In a weird place with this girl, what should i do? Long read with questions at the bottom looking forward your opinion!
relationships are dramatic asf
My BF (26M) keeps having the same conversation with me (25F) and I don't understand why I don't remember these things that are important to him.
Am I weird for feeling weird towards my bfs mom?
relationships are dramatic asf
Men who don't compliment their girlfriends, why not?
Love him but have random thoughts of leaving
Is thinking about other people a bad thing?
I love him but have random thoughts about leaving
Friends
Am I just insecure?
I (M25) am unsure whether to continue relationship with my SO (F37), need some advice
What do I do about my boyfriend’s work issues?
long distance & parents
Helping everyone
My (24M) birthday is Saturday and my girlfriend (24F) doesn't want to go to my families party
Men who don't compliment their girlfriends, why not?
Men who don't compliment their girlfriends, why not?
I(M25) am unsure whether to continue relationship with my SO(f37)
Confused: is it him, or is it me? Is he controlling or am I not used to having a relationship?
I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
Sometimes I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
Sometimes I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
Sometimes I (20F) feel overwhelmed because of how lucky I am to have my best-friend (20F)
My (23f) married coworker (40?m) asked me out
Girlfriend's Ex Was a Pedophile Who Gave Her an Abortion Against Her Will
Help with dealing with resurfaced cheated on pain
I [20F] am pregnant with guy I was seeing's [50M] kid and I don't know how to come forward to my parents
My (23F) boyfriend (26M) and I have different standards of cleanliness
I (18M) am not physically attracted to the girl (18F) I'm talking to, is there anything I should do in this regard?
Helping everyone with advice.
My Friend is pretending online she's financially suffering due to COVID. WHY? Can I help her? Both [40f]
Was it wrong for me to break up with my now ex-bf for drinking too much coffee? How can I help him after this?
I [19M] don't know whether or not to tell my friend [19M] about the feelings that have recently developed for him, especially considering the circumstances surrounding our relationship as it now stands
Where are the best places to meet a potential?
I [19M] don't know whether to tell my friend [19M] about the feelings that have recently developed for him
My (23f) married coworker (40?m) asked me out
I (18M) am not physically attracted to the girl (18F) I'm talking to but I LOVE her personality, what should I do?
Girlfriend always makes accusatory comments about my mood whenever I’m not feeling affectionate
How can I (21f) support my mom (49f) as she navigates unemployment/changing family dynamic?
ghosting or broken phone?
Big fight because I take quick looks at girls outside while with friends and now my SO want's to end our relationship.
Is my (24F) relationship with my boyfriend (29M) worth preserving?
Does my bf[18M] have feelings for someone else?
My [28f] sister [34f] is a wild conspiracy theorist & its ruining our relationship.
Did she loose interest?
My (25f) friend (25f) just told me my boyfriend (26m) sexually assaulted her friend (27?f)
Is she into me or has she lost interest?
I don’t know if I ever want to get married, and I don’t know why...? For anyone who has otherwise happy/good relationships why did you get married?
5 ways to improve your relationship
Does my bf[18M] have feelings for someone else?
Girlfriend is still stuck in a strict quarantine while the rest of the state reopens. Any ideas on how I could help her feel better?
My (20F) mother still expects me to wake my sister (27F) up every morning for prayer and work, and calls me selfish if I don't want to.
Do I still love my ex
How to help my ex gf (16F) get over me (16M) after a very hard breakup?
My [27M] gf [27F] seems unhappy and I don’t know what to do about it
Does my bf have feelings for someone else
my (21F) girlfriend (21F) wants to follow me move in with me after we graduate, but i don’t know if it’s too fast
Can someone message me I need advice
How to help my gf 16F get over me 16M after breaking up with her? Please help
Should I be having sex with my girlfriend on her period?
29(M) engaged to 27(F)
F23 issues with dad, m52
Getting along with dad.
Not getting along with dad.
How do I (F20) encourage my boyfriend (M20) to open up about his scary brother?
Is thinking about other people a bad thing?
I 23F found tinder on my 26M boyfriends phone
I 23F found tinder downloaded on my 26M boyfriend of 2 years phone.
My 23F, Boyfriend 26M is making accusations involving ghosts
I (31f) think my marriage is over and I have to move home
Pre-mup issuer
Should i plan a vacation with my female companion if I don’t know how our relationship might turn out?
Should I book a vacation with my female companion if I don’t know how our relationship might turn out?
Lost in my relationship
Any fun date ideas for blind people?
We're both on the verge of suicide. (Me 17M, her 17F)
My (24M) girlfriends (23F) negative thoughts are coming between us
Husband pays for nudes/porn videos on Patreon
how can I (24x) just be friends with this person (24M) when I'm in love with him?
Why am I hurt by this situation?
Why am I hurt by this situation?
Girlfriends male friend confessed he would want her
Could anyone offer any insight please
What is the best way to get a girl that you like to ask you to hang out?
I (21M) am struggling to quit porn for my GF (21F)
Should I [30F] with my husband [25M] happy birthday tomorrow, after he told me two days ago that he is divorcing me and says he wants no contact?
Girlfriend male friend confessed he would want her
Quitting Porn & Intimacy
How would you react to being used as a rebound by someone who pretends to have moved on? Would you give them the benefit of the doubt and remain friends or Blocka blocka.
Girlfriend (19F) broke up with me (19M), because I wanted to have sex with her too soon.
My (25F) Fiance (29M) encouraged me to spend time with his friend (30M) and is now becoming paranoid of us having an emotional affair.
My (24M) girlfriend’s (23F) negative thoughts are coming between us
Husband pays woman for nudes and porn videos
Anyone broke up and then got back together and it worked out?
WAS HE GASLIGHTING ME?
Boyfriend making accusations involving ghosts (serious)
The guy [20M] I’m [F19] hooking up with...can’t have sex?
I think my boyfriend [24] has NPD, but I don’t know what to do.
Housemate wants a dog drama
(23F)(28F) 9 Years How do you know when its a good time to reconnect after taking a break?
How to drive him back to me
Is it over? The girl I (25M) was dating (26F) has grown pretty indifferent lately.
want to get on the same page as gf
(23F + 28F)How do you know when its a good time to reconnect after taking a break?
Housemate wants a dog, turned into drama ugh
want to get on the same page as gf
want to get on the same page as gf
Should I send this to Marriage Counselor before meeting?
Should I send this to Marriage Counselor before meeting?
I confessed to cheating to my 7 year relationship partner
I (21F) am debilitatingly embarrassed to be sexual with my bf (21M)
My (40s) Husband (50s) thinks it is fine to snip his skin off with cuticle clippers at the dining table. I think it is gross... please tell him it is disgusting.
Husband (30/m) and I (28/f) want to move to Nova Scotia but mom is constantly making me feel guilty about it.
I think my boyfriend [24] has NPD, but I don’t know what to do.
My ex’s best friend requested to follow me (20F) four months post break up?
Have I [20F] been ghosted or should I try harder?
My boyfriend wants me to lose weight. Am I right to be upset?
My boyfriends mum wants me to break up with him because I'm "too feminine"
Me [27 F] with my BF [26 M] of 4 months, miscommunication or incompatibility?
My sister won't leave a knowingly abusive/unhealthy relationship
Covid and family day?
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m nervous!
I (21F) really dont know if my friend(22F) is really my friend or just using me.
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m scared!
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m scared!
My (25F) parents (60s) don’t want me to have a Catholic wedding. It’s bothering me and I don’t know why.
Dealing with a "High functioning alcholic??"" Im lost.
My (22 F) boyfriend (21 M) of 2 years is impossible to talk to
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend and I’m scared!
My (25F) parents (60s) don’t want me to have my future wedding in a Catholic church and it’s really bothering me for some reason.
I’m about to apologize to my ex best friend for ghosting her and I’m scared
Upset that I'm (22F) not my BF's (27M) type?
Anyone find out a secret your SO kept from you for 20+ years?
My boyfriend (21 M) is impossible to talk to
How can I (M20) get into a relationship with a girl (F18) who doesn’t have any mutual friends?
Boyfriend continuously lies and cheated but now says he wants to marry me. First big relationship for me and I am suspicious.
How can I (M20) get into a relationship with a girl (F18) who doesn’t have mutual friends?
Upset that I'm (22F) not my BF's (27M) type?
My first break up!
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) is best friends with his “one that got away” high school love
Anyone find out a secret your SO kept from you for 20+ years?
Lonely M45 needs advice on starting a new relationship.
When she tells you, you that you don't need to help.
My [26M] fairly new girlfriend [25F] has extreme anger issues and gets angry towards me over the strangest things.
Need non-illegal but annoying ways to mess with an ex
I just need some help
How do I (25,F) convince my bf (30, m) of 2 years to get his act together so we can start a life together?
My [26M] fairly new girlfriend [25F] has extreme anger issues and gets angry towards me over the strangest things.
I need some help.
My new girlfriend relapsed
How do I (f20s) get over someone (m20s) I genuinely thought was “the one”?
I (31F) can't get over my (30M) ex of 3 yrs
I [21m] love my girlfriend [21F] so very much and I want so badly to listen to her and respect her wishes. I’m saying this because I want your perspective on this.
I (31F) can't get over my ex(30M) of 3 yrs
I (14 M) just found out that my crush ( 14 F) likes me back. Unfortunately she lives a half hour away from me. And she thinking if she really wants to date yet.
Long distance relationship started during COVID: 30M & 23F
Should I leave him after hearing he said this?
Getting threatened
My new boyfriend doesn’t want to deal with my mental problems. I don’t know how to improve myself and get rid of these problems
Need to confront my [56 M] cheating daughter [36 F]
Empower Yourself
Me(f25) and my bf(m31) have drifted apart. Any suggestions on how to fix it?
I (18M) beens speaking online to a girl (18F) and I'm feeling like I'm backed into a corner
In a weird spot while talking to a girl online
How do gaslighters still have friends?
My roommates (both 26M) won't go do anything unless I go too
My new boyfriend doesn’t want to deal with my mental problems. I don’t know how to improve myself and get rid of these problems
Were my parents abusive or am I being too sensitive and overreacting and why/why not?
Ex-prof
Why am I attracted to broken, toxic girls with issues?
I (32F) am at my breaking point with my roommate (23F)
Am I(24m) reading into things to much or should I make a move?
Am I (F18) overreacting over my boyfriend (m19) stepping over boundaries?
Ex prof
Am I reading into things too much or should I make a move?
Bf (30M) lied to me (24F) about not seeing anyone during the time we were broken up but I can’t ask him about it due to finding out from his friend secretly
I have 0 confidence and I just fall in love with every guy that shows some interest or give me attention. My whole day can be influenced by this and it is not normal.
I (42f) lost an old friend (42f) due to politics and I am heartbroken.
Problem with my (30M and (27F) GF and our mutual friend
Help navigating relationship with SIL and niece after her and my brother separated.
Should I call out a toxic friend(s)?
I (42f) just lost an old friend (42f) due to politics and I am heartbroken
I (22M) cheated on my girlfriend (22F) and never want to experience something like it again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Interested in a relationship. Dm. I lost my wife and I need a new relationship
Is it normal to invite my (21M) friends over and my wife (25f) doesn’t join us?
Is it normal to invite my friends over and my wife doesn’t join us?
My best friend distances from me whenever I'm in a relationship and it's really getting me down
My best friend went to visit her abusive bf this weekend and stopped talking to me while she was with him
IDK if I can handle dating during quarantine
My mom (57F) threw a fit because I (22F) baked a banana bread
I (32F) want to ask my roommate (23F) to move out with the least amount of drama
Coronavirus turned my (25F) best friends (24F) wedding into 2 weddings and I'm struggling
My (23m) bf (24m) has checked out of our relationship but says he wants to keep trying. I’m hurt and confused and don’t know what to do next.
Coronavirus turned my (25F) best friends (24F) wedding into 2 weddings and I'm struggling
why doesn’t he want to date me?
How do I [f/26] NOT get talked out of a breakup with my partner [m/28]?
Coronavirus turned my (25F) best friends (24F) wedding into 2 weddings and I'm struggling
I (32F) want to ask my roommate (23F) to move out with the least amount of drama
I (35M) tried to kiss my best friend (32F) of 10 years. She immediately cut me out of her life.
How do I stop talking to my girlfriend?
My [33M] GF [29F] of 7 months told my son [3M] that we're getting married. We're not engaged.
30F seeking help for my terrible dating life
I (21F) hooked up with a guy (25M) from Tinder and I believe I caught feelings for him.
Me [26 M] with my gf [27F], together 6 years, I'm growing very uncomfortable with her relationship with her male friend
Potential problem with my gf and my friend?
Starting again with an ex after 6 years
My [30F] husband [34M] is depressed and having a crisis. I want to help but feel resentful at the same time.
I've only had negative dating experiences in the past, how can I feel more comfortable in my new healthy relationship? F 33 M 35
How do I stop talking to my girlfriend?
Am I [20M] having trouble adjusting or is my boyfriend [30M] too clingy?
I (25M) can not stop thinking about my GF's (27F) sister , what can I do to relieve these thoughts?
I (25M) can not stop thinking about my GF's (27F) sister , what can I do to relieve these thoughts?
The first year is the hardest?
Can I Save My Relationship
Life Advice; Me (M24), GF (F22)
So are We done?
My friends have told me I’m anti-feminist and are setting woman back in the way I treat my husband
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) seems to block me out whenever we have an issue
My [30F] husband [32M] is too close with his female [23F] co-worker.
Verbally abusive boyfriend who is depressed
My friends have told me I’m anti-feminist and are setting woman back in the way I treat my husband
A sign of him(36M) not being into me(28M)?
I [23 F] confessed to my friend [23 M] who is getting married. Response confused me.
(19F) wants to start the relationship over from the start again with me (19M).
My [24F] ex boyfriend [26M] keeps contacting me.
Life Advice; Me (M24), GF (F22)
Is it unrealistic and unfair of my(21M) girlfriend(21F) to ask me about our past memories from school even though I really can’t remember anymore?
Why won't my boyfriend (M35) talk about me (F25) to his female coworkers?
Is It Possible to Save My Relationship?
I had a girlfriend for a week, then told me she'd like to start from the beginning again.
Parents have been making me pay for everything but won’t let me use my money for myself
Is this okay?
My (19F) Ex-Boyfriend (21M) reached out months after breakup even though he has a new girlfriend (18F)
[29/M] Wait, move on, or something else?
I (35f) always send my dad a father's Day card/gift out of obligation, but this year I do not want to. Should I not bother and deal with his passive aggression, or just send one to avoid drama?
My (19F) Mom (51F) Ruined My BF’s (18M) And I’s Relationship By Being A Bigot
Learned my boyfriend dated someone underage 7 years ago. Help.
I (22f) was in a manipulative relationship with a married man (26m)
Should I Give Up Completely After Rejection
My (22F) BF (28M) wants to Declaw his cats.
(18M) What is a relationship?
Learned my boyfriend dated a 15 y/o at age 20. Help.
Complicated Relationship
My [24F] ex boyfriend [26M] sent me a letter.
Complicated Relationship
[29/M] Wait, move on, or something else?
am i a bad person for telling my ex’s girlfriend that he cheated?
Disrespect or jealousy issues?
My idea of perfect does not sit well with others. I've been told I am the only one who thinks like this
Complicated Relationship
I (26M) don’t know if i should ask this girl out.
am i a bad person for getting with my ex when he had a girlfriend and then telling her?
My therapist (?F) wants to reduce our sessions, I(24F) don’t know what to do
Is this a stonewall/gaslighting situation?
I (26M) am unsure whether i should ask someone out.
Am I a bad person for telling my ex’s girl that he lied to me so I’d give him head?
My therapist wants to reduce our sessions, I don’t know what to do
I (23f) am struggling severely with anxiety/depression and I feel as if it’s taking a huge toll on my relationship
Is this a Stonewalling/gaslighting combo? Or am I being dramatic
I [18M] was abused as a child. I don't know how to tell my boyfriend [18M] this.
I (23f) am struggling severely with anxiety/depression and I feel as if it’s taking a toll on my relationship.
I [20 M] am struggling to give my Parents and GF [21] of 4 years the emotional fulfillment it seems they want.
I [27m] have thoughts of it would be "fun" to emotionally manipulate my girlfriend [27f] of 1 year. Is this normal? How do I deal with it?
My (19F) Mom (51F) Ruins My BF’s (18M) and I’s Relationship By Being A Bigot
Did I do the right thing or embarrass myself (M18)
Me (35f) new to dating after a long relationship ended, new guy (34m) and I are having fun (4 weeks) but I want to know if he’s just a hookup guy and looking for insight
Me (20M) her (19F) - she makes me feel like a burden but tells me how much she loves me, should I break things off for her to feel independent and I want have this mental stress?
I (17M) broke up with my girlfriend (17F) about 9 months ago after being together for 5 months. Even though I chose to broke up I’ve never really been able to get over her. We have 2 months before we leave for college.
advice please
My [20M] Girlfriend [21F] Says My Brother Means Nothing to Her.
My (19F) Mom (51F) Ruined My BF’s (18M) And I’s Relationship
Never been in a relationship (26M)
Am I asking too much?
18yo M bf broke up with me 19yo F after i stupidly and drunkingly respondd to Dms. how do i move on he never wats to speak . but im happy hes ok.
Did I (23M) lose my friend (23F)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Never been in a relationship (26M)
Me (20M) her (19F) - she makes me feel like a burden but tells me how much she loves me, should I break things off for her to feel independent and I want have this mental stress?
Supporting extended family
Another boyfriend question
I have a friend (29M) whom I've (28F) always thought we're extremely compatible. He found out I had feelings for him, but I got out of an 8 year rship last year and haven't been really ready for a rship. Anyway he doesn't feel the same way, but EVERYONE thinks we match (read more below)
my 18yo bf broke up with me 19yoF after i stupidly drunkingly responded to DMs. I feel terribly but he told me to move on. How do i do that.
Never been in a relationship(26M)
TL/DR my 18yM bf broke up with me after i 19yoF stupidly drunkingly respnded to a guys dm. We r over and he wants me to move on. How?
My[21m] parents' new house maid[25f] is really hot. I want to try and hook up but is it a bad idea?
Feeling guilty after having a hookup a few weeks after what was kinda a breakup, My "ex" and I (M&F 19)
my BF(18) broke up with me after i F(19) stupidly responded to some gus DMing me. Im sad but happy hes ok . how do i move on?
We (32M, 20F) may be in to eachother, but circumstances make it so we basically can't find out
i (21 f) really dont feel like dating my boyfriend (27 m) anymore but he won't let me go.
Need advice
Helping family who seem to have different priorities or are just dumb and stubborn.
Feeling conflicted, please read the details (My friend and I (19 M&F))
What do you think about my BF saying if it's not fun anymore he's out?
Living with a conspiracy theorist who won't follow safety precautions because he doesn't believe the pandemic is real
Did I lose my friend
Whether or not you are In a relationship please read: Attached by Dr Amir & Rachel. It’s a life-saver!
Am I (21F) justified in feeling disillusioned with my "partner"? (29M)? Overall complicated situation, feeling conflicted and stupid
The Essence of Adult Relationships
My wife (23F) has probably been cheating on me (26M) for the entirety of our marriage with her old high school boyfriend.
She [21F] thinks i [37M] spending to much time on internet
I (23M) feel the spark in my previous relationship has lost and started feeling for my new bestfriend (26M)
Always bringing stuff up
My [20M] Girlfriend [21F] Says My Brother Means Nothing to Her.
When to wait for someone?
How can I (35f) be a supportive partner to my single dad SO (32m)? (6 months)
She ( 27f) thinks i ( 31M) am spending to much time on social apps
How do I [18F] tell my boyfriend [20M] about these issues with affection?
Started feeling for my bestfriend (M26) more than my boyfriend
His Secret Obsession: Discover his primal desire and make him want you.
BF will not let stuff go
Living with a conspiracy theorist who won't socially distance himself because the virus is all a lie
I am in this dilemma of choosing one over the other for the past one year.
Should I (22M) break up with my girlfriend (23F) “just because” the flame of love is out?
I love my boyfriend but his mother is unbearable
My (30/F) boyfriend (29/M) is a huge fan of an actor (45/M) who had tried to have sex with me years ago when I was underage.
I (45M) just found out that my dead friend's (45M) wife(40F) had an affair with her own brother.
My wife (23F) has probably been cheating on me (26M) for the entirety of our marriage with her old high school boy friend. Help/advice?
i (25M) had warts, got treatment, had sex with girl (28F), and am scared.
30F extremely sexually frustrated with my marriage to husband 30M
I’m not close with my family and can’t have a conversation with them
i (25M) had warts, got treatment, had sex with girl (28F), and am scared.
I (m22) told my gf (f21) of 4.5 years I had feelings of seeing other people and she broke up with me. I never WANTED to, our relationship was just struggling. How can I fix this?
Conflicted that my marriage is falling apart - need help with in-laws
I’m not close with my family and I don’t know what to do.
I'm (21m) having doubts about moving in with my boyfriend (23m) after a lengthy long-distance relationship (3y).
Both Happy and Sad My Marriage is Falling Apart
30F extremely sexually frustrated with my marriage to husband 30M
My husband is texting his ex girlfriend
How do I [20F] talk to my parents [50sM/F] about weight loss?
ghosting or broken phone
Me and husband (30M/F) want to help pay for friends (27F and 30M) IVF.
My girlfriend is fighting depression, but is treating me poorly in the process
My Boyfriend dumped me for watching his favorite anime without him
My (34F) sister (32F) is mooching off my parents and I don't know how to get her to stop.
30F with terrible dating history seeking advice on next best steps
Extremely frustrated.
Do I have a right to be annoyed/disappointed?
Making a song for my wife
Friends holding weddings during pandemic
Friends Holding Weddings During Pandemic
Found condoms in husband's [36M] laundry, then I [38F] recalled info that might reduce likelihood he cheated; what do you think happened?
Was I being mean?
I'm trying not to feel jealous and anxious.. but I can't help it :/
I (28M) am the best man for my best friend's (30M) wedding. We're suppose to have a bachelor party the end of July, but I'm struggling with my comfort level due to the pandemic.
How to help my crying boyfriend?
My (30M) fiance (29F) of 5 years deleting texts and call history from work colleague
Do you keep gifts from past relationships?
Iam starting to give up hope... please help...
How can I feel more comfortable in my healthy relationship? F 33 M 36
My (29M) Sister (21F) threatened to ruin my life if I leave her and her daughter (4F)
Breakup but weird
I (28M) am the best man for my best friend's (30M) wedding. We're suppose to have a bachelor party the end of July, but I'm struggling with my comfort level due to the pandemic.
Is it normal to feel stressed when you're in a healthy relationship? F 33 M 35
My (30M) fiance (29F) deleting texts and call history to work colleague
My husband is texting his ex girlfriend.
I'm (21m) having doubts about moving in with my boyfriend (23m) after a lengthy long-distance relationship.
I just found out my boyfriends mom is racist and I'm pregnant with her biracial grandchild
Do you keep gifts from past relationships?
My sister (29F) and I(26F) are moving out of my mom’s (48F) house and i feel guilty because she’s going to lose the house
My ex-girlfriend [48F] is trying to exclude me [40F] from our community and it's driving me out of my head.
I love my girlfriend but I like being alone
I just found out my boyfriends mom is racist and I'm pregnant with her biracial first grandchild
What can go wrong if i go to my ex’s house who owes me money?
My [38M] boyfriend is mad at me [25F] because I played with the dog while he was holding the cat
What can go wrong if i go to my ex’s house who owes me money?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My [38M] boyfriend is mad at me [25F] for playing with the dog while he was holding the cat.
How do you approach helping your SO when they are struggling?
17F told my partner 21M she likes him and he hid it from me
Do you keep gifts from past relationships?
17F told my partner 21M she likes him and he hid it from me
What should I(28M) tell my daughter(8F)?
How do you approach helping your SO when they are struggling?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How do we find trust? Repair?
BF(22M) Did Not Respond to My(20F) Snapchats To Him
How do we regain trust?
My (15F) friend (17F) asked me out two years ago.
Choosing between a guy that cares about you but doesn’t get you or a guy that gets you and understands you but unsure how he feels
I shut down a girl i liked, to give my ex another chance, and i deeply regret it.
Been broken up for 2 years, [36M] still hits me [25M] up with slanderous accusations when I deny him sex or tell him I am done and for him to move on. I ask him to stop harassing me and he goes Amy Cooper on me. I need help!
I shut down a girl who liked me, for my ex girlfriend, and i deeply regret it.
My (23f) bf (25m) doesn’t have time for me anymore
Am I being insecure about my girlfriend of a years relationship with her male friend? 30m/30f
My (23f) bf (25m) doesn’t have time for me anymore
My boyfriend watches videos of women dancing provocatively
I’m embarrassed of my boyfriend and I feel I love him more as a friend than in a boyfriend way?
Is it time to break up
What are some date ideas for a computer nerd homebody and a nature/art loving hippie type?
How do I (M 21) go about this situation with this girl ( 22) im talking to.
Should I apologize for how I acted when I was depressed?
Doubts about long distance marriage and the military
I love my boyfriend but would he be better off with someone else?
My boyfriend watches videos of girls dancing provocatively
Should I apologize to him for how I acted when I was depressed?
Currently in a very bad breakup, and I dont know how to differentiate between holding myself accountable for my own feelings, and things that my ex did that were actually toxic and weren't good for me that contributed to my bad feelings (both 21) Im so confused
Am I wrong for being upset when my BF doesn't reciprocate oral sex?
My fiancée suddenly broke up with me 😓 and I'm at a complete loss
I (19M) think I want to breakup with my girlfriend (19F) because she is jealous and I dont want a relationship
My ex boyfriend (25M) of 5 years dumped me (26F) and I can't get over it.
My fiancée suddenly broke up with me 😓
How do I (28F) handle lunch break with coworkers (20s-40sF/M)
SO (26M) doesn’t believe me (25F) being busy in law school is true.
My (27M) best friend (29M) is giving me the silence treatment
I found out that my dad was possibly unfaithful to my mum. I’m not sure if I should tell her or how to tell her that I know
It's a Misunderstanding
My (27 M) friend (29 M) is giving me the silence treatment.
Does anyone know of a way to find your high school sweetheart
My (30f) partner (27M) changed his mind about moving countries, but I haven’t.
Advice on how to find high school sweetheart
Trying To Find My High School Sweetheart!! Please, I am running out of time
Is my mom (49F) actually biracial, or is something up?
My (27F) boyfriend (25M) got into our first fight, which I caused, and he now refuses to apologize for hurting my feelings etc.
Is it normal to ‘take a day off from communicating’ with your significant other?
Is my mom (49 F)actually biracial, or is something up?
I [28M] am struggling to open up again after my ex-boyfriend of 4 years left me during my cancer treatment. How do you know when it's baggage stopping you from being intimate vs 'just not being into someone'?
Is my mom actually biracial or is she lying?
Thoughts on watching porn in a relationship.
Indian bf [18m] and White gf [19f] culture clash updates
UPDATE on Indian bf and White gf culture clash
My partner (24F) and I (26M) relationship is struggling due to my doubts about what I want, and I don't know how to get rid of them.
My gf (f24) and I (m23) don’t have sex
My GF (F24) and I (M23) don’t have Sex
Update on Indian Bf and White Gf culture clash
My father is very controlling. That's all I've seen. now I'm becoming him in my relationship.
My cousins say they love me now I crave family love.
My cousins say they love me and now I crave family love.
How to make new friends in your thirties?
My Father is very controlling. Thats all I've seen. Now I'm becoming him in my relationship.
i am in a bit of an unusual situation with my girlfriend and i need your help determining whether she truly loves me or not?
How do I form a relationship with my cousins?
My partner (24f) and I (26m) are having some difficulties over my inability to commit to the long-term and it is causing me to doubt my relationship.
i am in a bit of an unusual situation with my girlfriend and i need your help determining whether she truly loves me or not?
My boyfriend would rather I buy my own place instead of move back in with him. Should I be worried?
My GF (26) broke up with me (M25) and I’m confused
Worried about major differences in my(29F) and my boyfriend's (30M) backgrounds
Women of reddit, i am in a bit of an unusual situation with my girlfriend and i need your help determining whether she truly loves me or not?
Tips on being a good boyfriend [23M] at my girlfriend’s [22F] birthday party
Tips on being the boyfriend [23M] at my girlfriends [22F] birthday party
Tips on being the boyfriend at your girlfriends birthday party when you don’t know her friends that well
Sex after breaking up?
How can I stop feeling insecure about his friend?
How do I(29M) tell my friend (30F) I want to end our relationship with each other?
Girlfriend (26) broke up with me (M25) and I don’t get what she’s doing
How can I stop feeling insecure about his friend?
I am toxic, please help
I’m 18 and don't know how i’m feeling with my relationship
I (F/29) am not sure what to do about my good friend (F/29)
My [16M] poly boyfriend [17M] said he would marry his friend but not me.
How can I let her down easy?
Thinking of ending an engagement
Is my (F27) FWB getting over me (M28)?
My friend is using me as her emotional crutch and it’s exhausting, what do I do?
I (20M) struggling to make sex happen for the first time with my gf (20F) even through we've been in a relationship over a year
My [19F] close friend [18M] kissed me while we were laying in bed, I like him, but I don’t know if it’s the right time?
How can I let her down easy?
How do I (M25) communicate with a mother (F60) who has distorted views on mental health?
I (23M) am afraid of re-developing a crush on my friend (26M)
Spicing Up Our Evening Routine
I used a fake account to see if my cheater ex would cheat on his current partner...and his gf texted me...
my boyfriend made a secret account to stalk my friend
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Long Distance Relationship
Friends w benifits
Scared of being a doormat for my GF
Scared I'm letting myself be a doormat
I (17M) broke up with my girlfriend (17F) about 9 months ago after being together for 5 months. Even though I chose to broke up I’ve never really been able to get over her. We have 2 months before we leave for college.
Girlfriend (26F) wanted to break up with me (26M) because of Endometriosis, advice please
I just got ghosted by a friend, and it sucks :/
I (17M) broke up with my girlfriend (17F) about 9 months ago after being together for 5 months. Even though I chose to broke up I’ve never really been able to get over her. We have 2 months before we leave for college. What’s your opinions on getting back with her even if it’s just a short time?
I [M23] had sex with my upstairs neighbour [21F] who I am not attracted to at all, and I regret it heavily. I dont want it to happen again, and dont know how to tell her this
Forced to be around parents for wedding
Girlfriend (26) wanted to break up with me (26M), advice please
My [26F] Coworker [35M] Makes Me Uncomfortable
I am my girlfriends first girl
I cheated on my girlfriend.
Does romance and love exist anymore?
My girlfriend is moving to Canada, I don't show it to her but it is destroying me. Please help.
[26M] Still depressed 1 year after a break up..
I am my girlfriends first girl
[26M] Still very depressed after a break up that happened 1 year ago! Need help.
My [17F] Cousin [19M] Helped me get a job 8 months ago and uses it against me when i ask for anything.
I cheated on my girlfriend.
Should I be mad at my husband for inappropriately messaging his "friend"
Girlfriend (20) of a year says she doesn’t feel good enough for me (25) anymore
I (18 y/o, female) am the only one who isn’t in a relationship from all the people around me and it makes you feel alone, any advice please?
I (22F) resent my boyfriend (24M) of 2 years
My [M21] mom [F52] lied to me for 2 years and has been inviting a stranger into our house at midnight without me knowing, what should I do?
Girlfriend says she doesn’t feel good enough for me anymore
My wife has wandering eyes and it is killing me
I feel like everyone around me is getting into relationships and I’m the only one who doesn’t have anyone, which makes me feel alone. Advice please?
I don't know if I (19f) should move back to my mum's house (52f) or stay at my dad's (54m)
Should I (20F) remove a friend (20F) I have had for 12 years over different views of politics?
Thank you, G
My boyfriends parents want us to break up because I am 'too feminine'
My great “hot guy I used to pass between classes” story
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
How do you tell the difference between putting in effort for a relationship and tolerating toxicity/incompatibility?
My wife has wandering eyes and it is killing me
BF[28M] urging me[21F] to polyamory
Found inappropriate messages from my husband to his "friend"
My friend w benifits(25f) says she wants to be more than friends but still talks w other guys.
I seriously seriously seriously need help guys.
I seriously need help guys.
My wife has the wandering eye and it is killing me
Help with people testing my patience
How do I [32M] politely call up my friend [33M] to talk about drama surrounding our wives [30F/30F]?
My mom (56F) is hurt I (24F) don't want to live with her after COVID
Handling with people testing my patience
I saw my ex. Does she still care?
Should I[18F] move on from him?
My (26F) sibling (21) is scrutinizing my social media and confronting me about it. I am unsure how to proceed with it.
I (29F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
That is something that I always thought, but with the actual contest and circumstances, now this made me think more and I truly appreciate if someone could honest tell me an opinion.
My (30F) boyfriend (29M) lost a lot of weight and now is getting a ton of attention from other women. I feel immensely uncomfortable and I feel like he is way out of my league now. I almost feel like he isn't breaking up with me because he feels bad for me.
My(21f) long-distance bf(20m) of 6 months keeps going silent on me
Affodable Kolkata escorts
my (18f) boyfriend (21m) doesn’t want to be cheesy
My boyfriend keeps rejecting the idea of calling me or addressing me by pet names
Abortion and relationship
i always thought that but with all the actual contest made me think more now. I hope anyone can sincerely give some opinion.
My boyfriend keeps rejecting the idea of calling me or addressing me by pet names
How to get my head on straight after ending something that could've been good
I was happy in my fantasy
I (20M) my girlfriend (19F) keeps doing things that I've told her that bothers me - Am I being controlling?
My (M18) girlfriend (F18) can't hold a meaningful conversation
My [M18] girlfriend (F18) can't hold a meaningful conversation and it's getting to me.
Should I move on from him?
my (18F) boyfriend (21M) doesn’t want a corny relationship
I'm "selfish" for expecting to have the attention on me sometimes
Girlfriend continues to talk to guy-friend who has crossed several boundaries and Im not comfortable with it.
My Horrible (ex)Friend
My boyfriend thinks I'm selfish for being upset he had a friend over the day I got home from back surgery
My [F20] mental health is ruining my relationship with my Fiancé [m24]
My Horrible (ex)Friend
Should I move on from him
My [26M] girlfriend [25F] of three years wants to break up over a joke?
My Horrible Friend
I think my F(29) friend F(25) slept with my crush M (28)..
Lied to throughout my relationship.
UPDATE: I (21F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
Medical school or the one I love who couldn’t wait any longer:(
My now ex (M), broke up with me over a month ago because his “love for me has stayed the same.” Aren’t you supposed to work on the relationship in order to maintain and increase the love? You can’t expect love to do all the work itself can you?
My horrible friend
Should I move on from him
Plastic surgery
How should I (21F) convey my message to my S/O (25M) without sounding like I’m threatening him with a break up?
My boyfriend (now ex) broke up with me last month because “his love has stopped growing.” Aren’t you supposed to work on the relationship in order to maintain and increase the love?
I miss my ex.
Work relationship
I (21F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
Should I (16M) even bother apologizing to my (ex)best friend (16M) anymore?
Trip and Depression in Myself?
Why is it still affecting me so badly
My mom (47f) blocked me (21f) on everything
Why is it still affecting me so badly
How do you know if a relationship is marriage material?
My mom (47f) blocked me (21f) on everything
Should I(25F) break up if I have a nagging gut feeling that BF(29M) isn't the "one"?
I (21F) pushed my boyfriend (31M) away, because I feel unworthy
I’m so confused...
To respect, or not to respect...
Is it just unluck?
I’m so confused...
I’m so confused...
Trip and Depression in Myself?
What makes a relationship marriage material?
What to do when my friend (21m) told me (20m) that he had a dream about having sex with my girlfriend (24f) and then telling me that he wants to get closer to her now?
My gf(19) recently watched porn (again). She was hesitant to tell me(19), because she "doesn't want me doing the same"... although I really don't care if she watches it, her attitude makes me wonder if she's being hypocritical?
cheating?
My (F37) youngest sister (f30) was clearly favorite growing up. How do i move on from the feelings of resentment?
My gf recently watched porn (again). She was hesitant to tell me, because she "doesn't want me doing the same"... although I really don't care if she watches it, her attitude makes me wonder if she's being hypocritical?
Boyfriend (M24) loves our relationship and me (F21) but admits he misses single life and sometimes wants that back
(20F) Found boyfriend comparing 🍆 size to other men on Reddit. Worried what this means
Yo lied to me
I keep getting worried my BF is lying about loving me because he did to his last EX
You lied to me.
(20F) Found boyfriend comparing to other men on Reddit
I Found Out That My Girlfriend Of 4 Years Has Been Cheating on Me For The Last 3 Months - I Need Advice
I (36M) don't know to resolve the silent treatment from my wife (36F) when we fight
Advice on how I (22F) can manage my emotions to avoid constant little fights with partner (22F)
20F: Problem
My boyfriend is an alcoholic and I’m so conflicted.
20F Problem - Read description
Problem - Read description
My crush and I have crushed on each other for 17 years!
Where do I go from here?
Where do I go from here?
I want to work on myself but still stay in my relationship (22F dating 22F)
I Found Out That My Girlfriend Of 4 Years Has Been Cheating on Me For The Last 3 Months - I Need Advice
My crush and I have crushed on each other for 17 years!
I (18F) am head over heels in love with my girlfriend (19F), but she's my only real relationship ever.
M(21) F(21)
It’s been years. She is now (23F) and seems like she has improved on herself. There are times I (22M) miss her. Should I answer her text and did I make a mistake?
25 m 25 f weird spot
M(21)F (21) RL 10months
I'm (30/F) worried that I went too far in the way that I had told my friend (35/M) that he is the problem in his failed relationships.
M(21) F(21) no more sparks
My (F26) friend (F27) is a serial cheater, and when I advise her not to do so to her boyfriend (M26), she got really defensive and told me to mind my own business. What should I do?
I cheated
I cheated
Was this mean?
Was this mean?
I fell in love with a girl from a different country
I (m22) don’t think I can ever get over my partners (f22) infidelity ...
Loyalty during the “talking” stage?
What should I do?
I just found out my ex-boyfriend has a new girlfriend and I don’t know how to feel about it
Just found out my ex boyfriend has a new girlfriend and I don’t know how to feel about it
I (30 F) broke up with my boyfriend (40 M) due to his views on politics. Now I am feeling conflicted about it.
Am I worrying too much about the age difference?
I (15)M have a year issue with a girl(19)M
Suicidal ex
I (15)M have a problem with my quarantine crush(19)F
Where did you meet your significant other?
I (M19) will never have a long term girlfriend because I always end up losing feelings
Am I wrong for wanting to spend time with my girlfriend during pandemic?
I (15)M have a “quarantine crush” and have some serious issues with her (19)F
I (M19) feel like I'll never get a long term girlfriend because I'll lose feelings
How do I tell my (25F) BF (27M) of three yrs that I want to go back to work even though it means I likely won't see him for some time?
What was the "spark" that made you realize you truly love someone -that it was beyond infatuation or crush?
I (28f) am very sensitive to anger (I freeze or freak out) and my fiancé (35m) is a hot head. I need to learn to stop walking on eggshells.
I recently got broken up with. It was my first relationship. We were both 15.
Does anyone actually believe in love and romance anymore?
Birthday ideas?
I recently got broken up with. It was my first relationship. I'm 15.
Am I wrong for wanting to spend time with my girlfriend during pandemic?
I recently got broken up with. It was my first relationship. I don't know where to go from here.
My boyfriend (23*M) has lied about his age to me (19M) our whole relationship
I hate myself for cheating on my boyfriend
My bestfriend has been acting weirdly
I (21F) don't want to take my bf's (21M) last name and he doesn't want to compromise
(No need to specify) One of my best friends is a nazi, should I just drop the friendship?
I don't want to take my bf's last name
Feel Hopeless, My GF is moving away
Regret what I said to a friend/crush
Should I (22M) just tell her (20F) that I can't do this relationship anymore?
My sibling makes me feel terrible
I(m22) don’t think I can ever move on from gf’s (f22) cheating ...
I [27F] think my ex [27M] left me for his coworker and lied about it
I (22M) feel like my girlfriend (24F) is falling out of love with me
Fiancé wants to invite mistress to our wedding
Are we (30F) (34M) ready to move in together?
should I (32F) forgive my Boyfriend (33M) for being to rough.
Are we (30F) (34M) ready to move in together?
Girlfriend and I together for 8 years. She has an extreme food addiction, and it just keeps getting worse
He said he needed space. Was it just an excuse 25F 27M
Is it better to sort an argument out before sleeping or you try to sleep and sort it when you wake up? (M21+F21)
My [17f] girlfriend [20f] forgot a sentimental gift from me at her parents house and it mysteriously disappeared
My boyfriend [21M] told me that he thought I [21F] was going to cheat on him with my ex when we first started dating and mentally prepared for it and didn't take our relationship all that seriously initially. Part of me is hurt and confused, but the other part of me understands his reasoning.
Personal Dilemma...seeking advice and other people's experiences.
Is it better to sort an argument out before sleeping or should you try to sleep and sort it when you wake up?
My girlfriend (32F) and I (34M) have been together for a year and there's something that's eating me up inside.
She (F40) does not like that I (M47) have photos of my ex-partner on my Facebook page
What fallout can I prepare for as my narcissistic girlfriend gets back with her narcissistic ex boyfriend
I [m23] don't want to communicate jealousy with gf [f25]
My (25f) dad (50s m) and other family members are taking BLM personally and as someone dating a black man (25m) I’m at a loss of what to do
I [m23] don't want to communicate jealous feelings with gf [f27]
My boyfriend(21M) hasn’t reached out to me(21F) in three weeks!
In new relationship, should I delete and untag Facebook photos of ex-partner?
Is it normal to get broken up with all the time? [28F]
Girlfriend and I together for 8 years. She has an extreme food addiction, and it just keeps getting worse
Communication isn't always key
My (30/F) friend (35/M) of five years confessed that he has feelings for me even though I'm in a relationship with my boyfriend (29/M) of eight months.
Having doubts in my(20F) relationship with him (20M)
I haven’t texted or talk to my bf for three weeks!
Found out my girlfriend is smoking vapes without telling me.
Me [23 M] with my girlfriend [24 F] of 4 months. She uses Facebook mostly to start deliberately dumb arguments with strangers. Is this a red flag?
Long Distance, can we do it?
Advice on how to live with parents as an empath adult
The guy (39M) that I (27F) am currently seeing is moving too fast, and I don't know how to tell him to take it down a notch without hurting his feelings?
Should I talk to my partner about his friends relationship issues or should I leave it alone?
Do exes just KNOW when you’re happy & moved on, even sans social media? A sort of sixth sense?
Doubts in my (20F) relationship with him (20M)
PAREJA Y EQUIPO
Advice for an empath living with toxic parents as an adult
The guy (39M) that I (27F) am currently seeing is moving too fast, and I don't know how to tell him to take it down a notch without hurting his feelings?
58 yo M stuck in hotel room with 28f ex gf
My boyfriend (22) and I (19) have complete opposite political views
Girlfriend and I together for 8 years. She has an extreme food addiction, and it just keeps getting worse
My (21f) boyfriend (24m) is becoming increasingly obsessive with my feet (21m)
My(22) Sister(24) questioned me wearing a face mask for a family walk.
M18 Need advice on how to handle situation.
Do you consider it necessary to delete or throw away all pictures of you and your ex if you still miss them?
My (21f) boyfriend (24m) is becoming increasingly obsessive with my feet (21m)
Would appreciate some thoughts or advice
Am I [43F] being insecure about boyfriend’s [46M] close female friend or am I right that the friendship is weird
I’m really confused with my sexuality and would like input
My(22) Sister(24) questioned me wearing a face mask for a family walk.
How do I (16 female) get over my best friend (16 female) sleeping with someone (17 male) I could be in a relationship with.
I need advice about my relationship.....
The person I used to be involved with (24/m) made me feel crazy for wanting a relationship (20/f) and got upset every time I brought up that conversation.
My(29M) Grandma(75F) is dumping tons of emotional labor on my plate and I can't handle it (TW: domestic abuse)
Finally getting somewhere, now how to argue in a healthy way.
am i a bad person?
How do I (16 female) get over my best friend (16 female) sleeping with someone (17 male) I could be in a relationship
My relationship was going downhill, i think i have everything under control but still need advice
M18 Need advice on what to do.
I want my mom to be more proud of me, and I feel like a disappointment when I struggle [17F]
My mom (~50F) is having a baby and I’m (F21) not sure how to cope or deal with the huge age gap.
Is it wrong that I [17F] want my mom to praise me more?
My mom (~50F) is having a baby and I am currently 21(F). How to cope and what’s it like having such a huge age gap with your siblings?
I (19f) am going to contact my biological father (37?) but i dont know how to go about it
Talking on the phone at night quietly
My (F45) Wife Wants A Divorce from Me (M46)
Advice: on and off relationship breakup, moving on (F22)
I'm (f22) getting back w/ ex (m25), insecurities arise
How to talk on the phone at night quietly
Asked a girl (29)if she has had sex since last time we did and she got upset? We’re not together. I’m M(32)
Asked a girl if she has had sex since last time we did and she got upset? We’re not together
On and off relationship? F22
I [F23] found out my boyfriend [M24] masturbates to pictures of my friends
I [17F] find my friend's [17M] sexual questions and comments uncomfortable
I [23f] found out that my boyfriend [24M] is addicted to my friends pictures
I’ve [23M] Thinking about messaging my ex [22F] through her mother
Is there a possibility of him cheating?
My (F45) Wife Wants A Divorce from Me (M46)
Is there a chance that my bf is gonna cheat?
Ex Partner's Spouse
Am i paranoid or is my bf going to cheat?
My (38f) husband (38m) is suddenly surprised at my goals in life?
I (F23) found out my boyfriend (M24) masturbates to pictures of my friends
Do guys really need time before getting into a relationship?
Am I(29M) wrong for wanting to become more self-centered?
Ex's Partner Messaged Me
I (18 M) caught feelings for my best friend (18 F) as we are getting ready to graduate
How do I (22M) “get back out there“ after a toxic relationship?
Need advice on a strange, painful and annoying situation
Women: How would you feel if your friend and former ex boyfriend did this to you?
Ex's Partner Messaged Me
Me and a fwbs
How do I [F27] accept I'll never be able to apologise to my ex [M27]?
"I just don't want a relationship right now" The lie that ruins friendships
How do I [F27] accept that I'll never be able to apologise to an ex [M27]?
Teenage Predicament
Stuck in an unhealthy cycle
Stuck in an unhealthy cycle
weird sex experience with girl need advice
Need advice on a strange, painful and annoying situation
weird sex experience with girl need advice
Should I break up with boyfriend I very much love?
How do I (22f) deal with liking a guy (22m) who is a step above me in multiple ways?
Me 18 bf seen something upsetting in 17 gf phone
How do you (22f) deal with liking/being in a relationship with a guy (22m) who is a step above you in multiple ways?
17 gf 18 me seen something in my gf phone
Long Distance.. can we do this?
I don’t know if I (25/f) should distance myself from my best friend (29/m) after finding out his girlfriend (22/f) doesn’t like me
I saw my girlfriend today and I genuinely feel sad.
Is it wrong to ask for an apology?
[23M] Thinking about messaging an ex through her mother.
I (25/f)don’t know whether to distance myself from my best friend (29/m) now that he has a girlfriend (22/f) who doesn’t like that we are friends .
My (15F) friend (17F) asked me out two years ago. Would that have been a weird age gap?
GF (18F) for 3 years being guilt-tripped by suicidal friend (17F)
Is it wrong of me to ask for an apology?
My (19F) sister (12F) stalked social media until she found my secret relationship
Today, I saw my girlfriend and I'm honestly so hurt.
Is it wrong for me to ask for an apology?
My (19F) sister (12F) stalked and found out about my secret relationship
Women: How would you feel if your friend and former boyfriend did this to you?
I (50M) wanna remarry (40F) and above, and have a happy home.
I [F24] want to break up with my [M25] boyfriend of 4 years...
Suicidal friend guilt tripping GF into a relationship?
How to balance mental health and dating?
How do I [21M] help my GF [22F] cut contact with her toxic friend [ex?] [20sM]
I [F24] wants to break up with my [M25] boyfriend.. help?
My friend (17F) asked me out (15F) two years ago. Would it be weird if we were dating now?
How to balance mental health and dating?
Questions at the bottom and one screwed situation.
Jealous over GF's suicidal friend?
How to balance relationship and mental health.
I (f/26) pay for everything in my relationship (m/26) and it's making me resentful
should i leave or not?
Missing a friend
I (25F) want to tell my BF (26M) that we shouldn't text anymore
Women: How would you feel if your friend and former boyfriend did this to you?
Is it wrong of me to ask for an apology?
Should I (16M) even give my (16M) (ex) best friend closure for ghosting him at this point anymore?
Do people really need time?
My GF(F22) cheated on me(F25)? and I still want us to be together but is it even possible?
My friend is no longer contributing to cooking duties [30’sF]
do guys really need time before dating a girl?
My [30’s F] friend [30’s F] no longer shares cooking duties
"I dont want to date you before ...... "
She isn't into me and we are here overnight
I [f/26] pay for basically everything in my relationship [m/26] and it's starting to bother me
I'm [27F] having doubts about my boyfriend [30M] and not sure if normal, or time to end things?
I'm Luke (M50) looking for a serious date (F40) and above.
Yellow. Not Coldplay.
trouble with a boy (💤) need advice big time! age 15
Q: How do you feel about your SO living with someone of the opposite gender?
Why I cant be in a relationship?
How to teach husband how to tidy up after himself?
Should I (16M) even give my (toxic) (ex)best friend (16) even closure at this point?
toxic or not and should i leave or not?
Seeking future trophy wife/house wife
How do I (17F) tell my boyfriend (17M) about some symptoms of C-PTSD I have been experiencing after having been emotionally abused?
You need a real spell caster to bring back my ex lover back urgently?
My longest crush ever (F23) told me (M18) she likes me. ME.
My longest crush (F23) told me (M18) told me she likes me.
Q: How do you feel about SOs living with someone of the opposite gender?
I [21M] is not in love with my partner [23F] and am absolutely terrified of her reaction to breaking up
my boyfriend (17M) is making himself the victim after an argument that started because he said something that hurt me (17F). am i overreacting ?
Is it OK to want to be alone?
My (25M) Ex (25F) wants to be friends, what should I do?
The urge to be alone?
Hi need some serious help
My [22M] parents [50M&F] took the money I made
I (m27) cannot find a girl to hold my attention for a period of time. If a girl likes me, I tend to start disliking her because I feel she’s not “good enough” and the cycle continues. Am I alone in this?
I [18M] have tried communicating my woes with our relationship with my girlfriend [20F] and nothing changes.
In what ways do relationships encourage or inhibit us?
I'm Luke, male, I'm 50 and I'm from Brooklyn United States of America.
My [31M] wife [22F] of 7 years will only eat at chain restaurants. It's not normally an issue but I've stumbled into a once in a lifetime dining opportunity.
My (25M) Ex (25F) wants to be friends, what should I do?
Do you think my name is the reason I get ignored in class?
Nothing gets better after I [18M] communicate the clear problems in our relationship with my girlfriend [20F]
Am I wrong for being worried about my SO looking at other girls?
I retracted a friendship... I feel bad about it.
Struggling do you stay or leave.. not many common hobbies
Coping with a breakup
Coping with a breakup
How do I [21M] help my GF [22F] cut contact with her toxic friend [ex?] [20sM]
Did I make a mistake breaking up with my gf
How to get my husband to tidy up after himself?
Am I wrong for being worried about my SO looking at other girls?
How long do I (26M) keep messaging first before I decide that she’s (24F) not really interested in me anymore?
I (18FtM) was told by my FWB (24M) that my vagina stinks and I later caught him watching porn while we had sex and I'm not sure what to do anymore
Men, do you care about plastic surgery? Is it something you even think about?
How to love someone with depression and low self-esteem who doesn't think deserve the love you're desperately trying to give them?
I (19M) find that my gf (19F) has been annoying me recently
How long do I (26M) keep messaging first before I conclude that she’s (24F) not really interested anymore?
How to love someone with depression and low self-esteem who doesn't think they deserve the love you're desperately trying to give them?
My temporary OBGYN was really cute and I think he’s single
Does anyone have any advice on polyamory?
Fight with boyfriends bff
My [25m] girlfriend [20f] came out as Bi and we are breaking up after two years.
I [19M] don't think I am my girlfriend's [20F] type and it bothers me.
I (19M) find my gf (19F) to be very annoying recently
I [19M] don't think I am my girlfriend's [20F] and it bothers me.
What is a reasonable breakdown in finances when you move in w/ a SO?
My father [56 M] and I [24 M] just had a big fight about nothing that turned into a hurtful shouting match and would've turned physical if it wasn't for my mother separating us. I don't know where to go from here.
How can I (23F) coexist peacefully with my (80F) grandmother, mother (60F) and her bf (60M)
I’m (22M) going to tell my best friend (22F) that I’m in love with her
I (18F) am getting tired because everything my bf (19M) do that get me annoys me it's "just who he is".
My [18F] ex [21M] thinks that I changed my wallpaper to piss him off
Breaking up with my [28m] girlfriend [27f] over lack of "magic" (and sexual attraction)?
I [28 M] have been texting with my old coworker [27 F] since quarantine started
Hello, I am 25 years old and I am looking for a partner who wants to help me, I send you photos of my big stamp and my big tits [KIK]
Am I toxic or was it just a really bad mismatch?
How do I (27f) respond to my sister (21f) who is blackmailing me?
I’m unreasonably insecure about my boyfriend’s ex female friend despite him being extremely reassuring towards me
Would it be weird for I [m 21] to message an old classmate [f 19] that seems to have self image issues that I'll likely never see again and tell her I had a crush on her?
I (23NB) can't bring myself to talk to my father (59M)
My (23f) coworker (41m) was seemingly racially profiled and fired, what should I do?
I [21F] feel very insecure about my relationship with a guy [22M] because of a singular girl who’s shown interest in him who I frequently compare myself to
How do I respond to my sister (21f) who is blackmailing me? (27f)
Are all relationships in some way terrible!?
I [18M] not sure about monogamy with [18F]
Are all relationships terrible!?
Are all relationships in some way terrible!?
Discouraged about monogamy
I 21(F) feel like I’m too clingy with my new boyfriend 22(M) and don’t know how to stop overreacting to things?
Can I (30F) even be friends with a guy (31M) who sent mixed signals and ultimately rejected me?
Discouraged abt monogamy
Can I (30F) even be friends with a guy (31M) who sent mixed signals and ultimately rejected me?
I (22F) am thinking of breaking up with my bf (29M) and i am terrified
I [27F] am concerned that my partner [30M] isn’t over/still thinks of his ex.
How to talk / interact more with coworker I like (both 17)
How much financial support do I (28f) provide to my niece (19) after she moves out?
feeling alone and guys don't have sense of humor
I (28, M) can't tell if she's (30, F) pulling away or if my anxiety is causing me to overthink things
Girlfriend isn’t sure if she wants to have sex but I want to.
Snapchatting Afairs
Texting
Could this work out?
How can you tell if someone is manipulating you?
Am I the asshole
Feeling guilty about previous affair/relationship
I (20M) lied to my boyfriend (18M) but want to keep him and want him to meet me in person
I (20M) lied to my boyfriend (18M) many times and I want to keep him because we haven't met yet
I (20M) cheated and lied to my boyfriend (18M) in the beginning of our relationship, but changed a lot since then
How can I (21F) ask my SO (23M) to participate more in the cleaning of his apartment ?
My (26F) boyfriend (34M) has nudes of our mutual friend
I[22/F] got ditched by my best friend[25/M].
About my ex
My boyfriend always cancels plans and wont make time for me
how to know when its best to end the relationship
FRIENDZONED????
I have [19 \ f] and I am looking for a man to get out of whatever age he may be and that he is waiting for me we will have a warm conversation by kik Khaterinebicht2
My [26M] GF [26F] wants me to get on her lease to sublet to her. I am feeling reluctant.
My [26M] GF [26F] asking me to get on her apartment lease and sublet to her. I am feeling reluctant.
Still fantasize about my ex
Snapchatting Afairs
Trully forever single
I got ditched by my best friend. It's so hard to get through this.
Should I pursue or back off and let her come to me?
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) sucks at holding any forms of conversation.
"I don't know what I want right now "
I [25F] am tired of paying for every meal in the relationship and wish my boyfriend [33M] would reciprocate
The guy(22M) I dated accused me(21F) of being transgender
My boyfriends (18M) sister (16F) doesn't like me (18F) and I dont know how to fix this
My Ex-Boyfriend Was My Pimp When I Was 17 While He Was 26.
My[35/M] Ex [38/F] is killing herself slowly because of me and I feel awful.
I'm at the crossroads, in desperate need of advice!
My (26f) husband (27male) of 6 years locks himself in his room and refuses to communicate
We are not physically intimate
Husband (26M) gets really defensive when people ask how old I (19F) am or when they say he’s too old/I’m too young for each other.
What would you do? Me (17M) Her (18F)
How can someone say they care about you but act like they don't?
My (26F) partner (27M) and I are opposite politically and it was okay until recently. Not sure what to do
We’re not physically intimate
My (26f) husband (27male) locks himself in his room and refuses to communicate
how to know when its best to end the realtionship
In dire need for help!! Love or love of attention?
I (f27) finally found a healthy relationship that ticks all my boxes but I'm not feeling it?
My husband has completely shut me out and locks himself in his room
My boyfriends (18M) sister (16F) seems to dislike me (18F) I dont know how to change this, some advice?
Partner (27M) and I (26F) are opposite politically; concerned
How can someone swear they care about you and then act like they don't?
The guy I was dating just told me he was using me to get over a girl
My [M24] girlfriend’s [F25] negative energy is bringing me down
The guy I was dating just told me he was using me to get over a girl
My wife was rapped by her dad 3 times
I(23 F) feel awful for caring too much about this guy's(22 M) penis size. How do I deal with these shallow preferences?
made my mother depressed
The guy I was dating just told me he was using me to get over a girl (TW: history of sexual assault/emotional abuse)
Girl (19F) I (20M) like tells me about the guys she rejected. What is the meaning of this?
My (26f) boyfriend (26m) has a female coworker he is friends with. He has suddenly stopped talking about her/mentioning her by name to me, despite them still being quite close?
My [M24] girlfriend’s [F25] negative energy is suffocating.
I feel financially and emotionally abused
My boyfriends (18M) sister (16F) hates me and I (18F) dont know how to fix it
I think it’s not working out in marriage?
My [26F] best friend [22F] & I have a mutual friend [34F] who only contacts me
I |29F| am very close with a creative partner |30M|, but we both have significant others. Can we be really close, but not romantic?
Should I open his message and if so will he know I've opened it?
Is it wrong for me to secretly communicate with my platonic male friend?
I (30F) unintentionally annoy my partner (40M)
I met up with the guy [m23] that I [f22] have been talking to online for three months. He ended it because I was "too anxious" in person.
Is it possible to remove my feelings for someone without breaking contact? and still talks everyday [M21]
Girlfriend (24f) does small passive aggressive things to my mom. When she fails to realize she’s trying to help. (26m)
Does your SO have a strange habit you don't mind/tolerate but silently hope they won't do in public?
slept w friends ex, can this friendship b repaired :(
my friends avoiding me because i am becoming too serious for them"
Is it possible to remove my feelings for someone without breaking contact? and still talks everyday. [M21]
I (F 24) found my boyfriends (M28) reddit account admitting feelings of cheating
Is it possible to remove my feelings for someone without breaking contact?
my friends avoiding me because i am becoming too serious for them
My best friend friend is the ex of my girlfriend and she doesn’t like that I talk with them
my friends avoiding me because i'm too serious
How To Tell Someone to Move Out When They Have No Job Due to COVID
How to get over my best sleeping with someone I could be in a relationship with?
slept w my friends ex lol help
Found boyfriends reddit account
I met up with the guy [m23] that I [f22] have been talking to online for three months. He ended it because I was "too anxious" in person.
I’m (21F) nervous that my boyfriend (21M) is going to do to me what he did to his ex (20F)
My [31F] "boyfriend" [31M] is very anti-BLM, but I'm a BLM advocate and protester. Is this something we can work through?
slept with friends ex, life is now a hellscape
Am I wrong for not wanting to date a blind girl? (31/M)
Birthday gift for my girlfriend?
How do you tell someone you dont want to live together?
My [2X] long-distance girlfriend [2X] has vastly different political views than me. While previously I was willing to ignore it, these views are beginning to clash with mine in a growingly negative way. Is this worth it?
stuck in therapy
BF gets mad when I ask him to leave my place cause I have to work
My fiance (35M) told me (24F) he is a narcissist. Breakup?
Can't deal with friend's bitterness any more
Emergency Help please. Should I (38M) trust my soon to be ex GF (37F)?
How should I (26F) talk to my Dad (66M) if I suspect he cheated on my Mom (64F)?
My girlfriend’s homophobic ex boyfriend wants to kill me
My bf was watching playboy henti
A letter I wrote to myself after hoping for a change for months
On/Off Girlfriend of 3 Years
My (44 M) daughter (19 F) is jealous of my fiance (31 F) and I really think it has to do with her being more beautiful. How do I deal with a situation I obviously can't bring up?
Im(21M) my gf(20F) i don't know should i breakup or no and how
On/Off Girlfriend of 3 Years
Concerned about my friend group [15M].
People Reddit, tell us about what you did when you lost the meaning of life and why it was?
Divorced friend can't move on, seems to want my marriage to fail
How should I (26F) talk to my dad (66M) if I suspect he was cheating on my mom (64F)?
I [34F] went no contact with my parents, I found out my father passed away and now my wife wants to meet my mother TW;
stuck in therapy
Is she being unreasonable?
I (23M) like to have extreme sex with my (24F) gf
My gf [18f] broke up with me [20m] last night, said she wanted to stay friends, the started ghosting and avoiding me later that night.
My boyfriend refuses to discuss religion
BF gets upset when I ask him to leave while I have to work
Break up
Trouble with boyfriend and roommates
I [F20] think that my mom [F54] is babying my brother [M17...18 in November]
My gf [18f] broke up with me [20m] last night, said she wanted to stay friends, the started ghosting and avoiding me later that night.
My(m21) GF(f18) often gets mad or defensive about total pointless things
Getting over someone who I wasn't really into...help please.
Should I [F26] move in and pay my boyfriends [M27] mortgage if I don’t have legal ties to the house on paper?
My(19M) bestfriend (19F) said I have really depressing personality for her to ever date me. It’s making me go nuts now.
Trouble with boyfriend and roommates
I [F20] think that my mom [F54] is seriously babying my brother [M17... 18 in November]
I’m just following my gf’s orders but everyone seems pissed at me anyway including her. How do I navigate the nuances of my gf’s thought process to better serve her needs?
My (26F) boyfriend (38M) is taking an hour in the bathroom multiple times a day (3-4x)
Me (51F) no longer feeling it with husband (53M) due to different values
My (26F) boyfriend (38M) takes an hour long bathroom break 3-4 times a day
Me [21M] with my GF [21F] of 8 years, I don't love my GF anymore
My(20F) Boyfriend(23M) changed after Covid-19 quarantine and I don’t know how to deal with it.
(21F, 21F) Rekindle after 3-5 years, is it possible?
My (28f) sex life with Husband (31m) and feeling disrespected
How to kill the mood in one text
Should i finally end this pathetic excuse for a friendship?
Me [21 M] with my GF [21 F] of 8 years, I think I don't love her anymore
Should I [F26] pay for my boyfriends [M27] mortgage if I have no legal ties to the house?
a girl that i used to be "friends" with asked if we could meet this week, i said sure and she didn't respond since then, should i call her out on it?
Help needed with online Counseling
Me [21 M] with my Gf [21 F] of 8 years, I don't think I love her anymore.
I'm [27F] having a hard time figuring out how to tell my mom [F65] that I'm moving in with my boyfriend [M34]
I think I’m in love with someone I’m not supposed to be in love with
Me [21 M] with my Long term GF[21F] of 8 years, I don't really feel anything for her. I think
What are some gestures of apology you might ask from a friend, before letting them back in your life?
AITA for calling my boyfriend a freeloader??
Music
My bf (26M) keeps changing his mind about our 4 year relationship. Am I (27F) being unreasonable?
My Boyfriend's changing behaviour
Help needed with online Counseling
27F here and I don’t know how to react to my 27M bf suddenly changing his mind of marriage after nearly four years?
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) has heaps of girls added on his socials for the sake of his music getting more exposure.
My boyfriend (26/m) has female coworker that he is friends with, but he has suddenly stopped talking about her to me, despite them still being quite close?
My guy friend (20M) does not like to have any affiliation with me (20F) in public but is really close to me in private?
My boyfriend (26M) has decided to change his mind on where our nearly four relationship is heading leaving me (27F) feeling lost. Now what?
Am I single or not?
What can I (F22) say to reconnect with my Mom(F42) and sister(F18)?
What are some gestures of apology you might ask for, before deciding to let someone back in your life fully?
My GF (F22) of 4 years admitted to cheating on me (F25) with a co-worker of hers after lying about it when asked the first time. Is there any chance that our relationship can still work out?
Bf (26) has decided to change our life plans - am I (27F) being unreasonable?
How can I (F22) reconnect with my Mom (F42) and sister (F18)?
AITA for calling my boyfriend a freeloader??
Live intensely with no regrets
Bf (26M) has told me (27F) that his plans for us have changed and he doesn’t see us getting married anytime soon after nearly four years...
My Indian parents won’t approve of my relationship with my Nigerian boyfriend
I hate my boyfriend's female best friend
My(20F) Boyfriend(23M) changed after Covid-19 quarantine and I don’t know how to deal with it.
Do overly jealous and obsessive people сhange with time?
I’m not sure whether my bf sees a future with me...
Am I(22) being lead on?
My GF (22f) of four years admitted to recently cheating on me(f25) but I still want to make things work, is there any saving what we have?
Do overly jealous and obsessive people сhange with time?
My ex did things that emotionally hurt me so much but I still hang on to the trauma and pain. I also blame myself. What do I do? How do I move on?
Am I(22) being taken advantage of?
My (43F) husband (43M) refuses to resolve any conflict and I question reality
NEED HELP ASAP ROCKY - men aint shit
I don’t think my bf want to be in love
My Indian parents won’t approve of my relationship with my Nigerian boyfriend
My Gf of 4 years cheated but I still want to be with jer, is there any going back?
My [25f] boyfriend [30M] cheated on me a few months ago and we've been working through it...she texted him last night.
I (18f) always overthink in my relationship with my boyfriend (18m) and i might need some help..
is the guy im seeing on meth?
My [33m] wife [32f] is set on adopting an African American child and stopped being intimate with me until I agree, this has been going on for over a month now.
How can I make sure I don't get excited about dating and screw things up? [28F]
My (18F) Mom (38F) is very controlling.
I(34M) have to raise a child I don't want because of a cultural tradition.
Dad (50M) does not respect my (17F) privacy
(M23) am in love with (F28) but she comes with some serious baggage...
Is it too soon for me (31F) to follow my (ex)boyfriend (31M) on Instagram?
Should i stop pushing away my problems to not be a burden?
What is the dumbest answer to a question you have experienced in dating phase, that made you realize that you're done with the person?
Is it too soon for me (31F) to follow my (ex)boyfriend (31M) on Instagram?
Trully forever single?
I’m (16F) really confused about my crush (16M), any advice is appreciated
Dear Henry
Girlfriend Has Commitment Anxiety
Am I wrong to feel hurt here?
How can I make sure I don't get excited about dating and screw things up? [28f]
Girlfriend Has Commitment Anxiety
Couples together for 5+ years then get married and break up within less than than 5 years?
(M23) am in love with (F28) but she comes with some serious baggage...
Am I wrong to be hurt by my bridesmaid backing out and brushing me off the last minute?
My Gf[23F] of the last year is an introvert and I [22M] enjoy going to the club, how do I get her more comfortable to being outside?
Dear Henry
I (25/F) am thinking about reaching out to a former FWB (27/M) after being neglected.
Way of thinking about crushes
sleeping w friends kind of ex?? oops
My boyfriend just told me “its okay, i still love you” when i was talking about my anxiety. Nobodies ever told me that before, what does it mean?
My [27F] friends [30sM] [30sNB] breakup is destroying my community
My(26f) boyfriend(22m) and I had a fight about culture
My boyfriend and I had a fight about culture, and I don't know who is at fault.
My ex’s best friend requested to follow me (20F) four months post break up?
My Gf [22F] doesn’t enjoy going to the club as much as I do [23M] and I don’t want to refrain from enjoy nights out but I want her more involved
My ex’s best friend requested to follow me on Instagram four months post break up?
I (25F) have been with my husband (29M) for 6 years, but can't stop dreaming about my ex.
My (27M) mother used to wake me up for no reason other than to be awake on the weekends. Did anyone else's parents do this?
Have I outgrown my partner?
Did anyone else's parents wake them up for no reason on the weekends as a teen? Or was it just me?
My (21F) best friend (20M) has been basically ignoring me for almost a month for asking a question that "hurt his feelings".
AITA if I don’t allow my husband to see his kids if he hasn’t actually done anything?
Bf (37) thinks he was sexually abused by his mom? I have 2 kids... what do I do?
The Quarantine Breakup Bible
Me [28F] with my boyfriend [30M] of about 7 months, he blew up on me early this morning because he couldn’t sleep - where do we go from here?
Daughter went no contact with us. I think she’s the one with mental issues?
My [27F] boyfriend [28M] of 1.5 years used my abusive childhood against me in a fight, and I find that hard to get over
I had a fight with my boyfriend about culture, and don't know who is at fault
Partner (29NB) is less motivated/responsible than me (30F)
my boyfriend (17M) is making himself the victim after an argument that started because he said something that hurt me (17F). am i overreacting ?
My girlfriend says she wants us to communicate better when it comes to issues in our relationship, but gets extremely angry/ accusatory/ unfair when I do try to communicate with her about them - there's a specific example which I'd like some advice on in the post.
Not let my husband see the kids even though he hasn’t done anything ?
What are you most grateful for in your relationship?
crush, loneliness, hope/faith [40F]
My [22M] gf [20F] took coke with some strangers on holiday. Did she cheat on me?
I [23/F] upset by [23/M] boyfriend liking girls half naked photos online update
my boyfriend is making himself the victim after an argument that started because he said something that hurt my feelings. am i overreacting ?
He acted so needy [27M] then ghosted me [23F] ... the hell happened
my boyfriend won’t apologize for possibly unintentionally hurting my feelings. am i overreacting ?
communication issues
I [23/F] upset by [23/M] boyfriend liking girls half naked photos online update, still worried
Need some advice
I feel so helpless
I (25M) feel neglected and unloved by my girlfriend (23F) and I'm starting to be unable to tolerate it anymore.
Crazy Girlfriend or is she just scared to trust again?
Her (16F)’s parents don’t like me I don’t think (15m) what should I do?
Significant other (29f) insists that I (29 m) have been looking through her phone and computer, and refuses to believe otherwise.
Help with depression?
What would you do? I (17M), turning 18 in less than a month, Her (18F)
Differing Sex Drives; How to deal with it?
What would you do? I (17M), turning 18 in less than a month, Her (18F)
What would you do? I (17M), 18 in less than a month, Her (18F)
Can someone please help me with this emotional breakdown
What would you do?
Differing Sex Drives; How to deal with it? (M26)
I (15M) am having trouble with her (16F)’s strict parents. How do I handle this?
BF (M30) said "I love you" to another girl jokingly
Can someone please help me with this emotional breakdown
Girlfriend is breaking up with me
My(24M) girlfriend(21F) wants me to follow her to canada
I’m considering fighting for my ex....(long post)
What’s wrong with me? (26F) I’m not attracted to real people.
I want this girl,even if it's in a fwbs scenario at this point. What do i do? She is a boomerang girl it seems.
My [27F] boyfriend [28M] used my abusive childhood against me in a fight, and I find that hard to get over
[21F] Am I being stupid by waiting on this guy? [22m]
I’m not sure if this is the right place, but I need advice. I’m not attracted at all to real people.
UPDATE: New neighbor (50sM) is making me (29F) uncomfortable
[21F] Am I being stupid by waiting on someone? [22M]
I cant bear my BIL's girlfriend anymore.
Am I a cheater for drunk kissing my girl friends?
Ugh- what do I do about this tough situation
Girlfriend and I broke up.
Dating for 6 months and already can’t seem to trust them
My girlfriend and I broke up.
Am I (29F) being unreasonable about boyfriend(31M)?
Am I a cheater for drunk kissing my girlfriends?
How do I (24f) handle this unique friendship? Am I doomed to the pit or is it time to cut ties? (Bit of a doozy..)
Jumping in feet first
I [28m] caused a divide in my gf's [25f] family by calling her sisters [27f] dodgy buisness practise
My (24M) Gf (25F) has been putting on a lot of weight during COVID-19, how do I tell her without coming off as a jerk?
Sorry it’s so long, but thoughts??? 😕
[long] I [28m] created a divide in my gf's [25f] family by calling out her sisters [27f]dodgy business practise
My [F24] husband [M26] won't stop insulting me when I piss him off.
I (24f) am in love with a reality show star (54m)
People of reddit i cheated now im in love with 2 persons
I’m destroyed because my (19f) boyfriend (18f) has ended things “just because”
Will consistency help me?
M28 wants to win over F25 after a few months apart but roles reversed
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate My Old Woman Coworker (f60s)
Psychological Take on Getting An Ex Back
My wife (33F) lost her job due to you-know-what. She’s taking two lavish trips with family while I (33M) am stuck at home teleworking. Am I right to feel left out and annoyed by this?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate My Older Woman Coworker (f50s)
My (19f) boyfriend (18m) broke up with me and won’t explain why.
How can I take care of my parents as they enter retirement?
"Dating culture" today has a strong bias against men
Psychology and Steps after No-Contact
spouse doesn't want me to join the Air Force (previous post removed; details updated)
Am I [22F] over thinking whether he [21M] is interested?
I [m21] just broke up with my girlfriend [f21] and I already regret it
I [m21] just broke up with my girlfriend [f21] of 3.5 years and I already regret it
Advice?
Why do FWB guys [39M] pretend to be celibate good boys, pretending they haven't had sex in a long time since the last time they saw you? (it's pointless? lol)
My (22F) boyfriend (25M) claims I am enabling my friend’s (23F) inappropriate behaviour
Should I [26F] continue to date other men whilst seeing him [31M]?
I [m21] am already regretting breaking up with my girlfriend [f21] of 3.5 years
How do I overcome petty thoughts and insecurities regarding girlfriend’s past?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
Should I [34M] ask my friends for help with the parts of my personality I don't like? If so, how?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
My girlfriend’s [22F] drunkenness is a guilty pleasure of mine [26M]
My bf [M 23] told me I act too immature [F 20] and said that if I continue this way we will break up and he is right.Any tips?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
Should I [34M] ask my friends for help with the parts of my personality I don't like? If so, how?
My [22F] new coworker [25F] keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
My new coworker keeps calling me "dear" in every other email. Is it rude if I ask her to stop? If so, how?
I’m wondering if families ever “adopt” young adults? How could I (f23) begin to look for such an arrangement?
I’m wondering if families ever “adopt” young adults? How could I (f23) begin to look for this kind of arrangement?
I haven’t made any new friends in a new country, and my boyfriend doesn’t seem like he wants to.
BF's (31m) relationship w coworker (36f) concerns me - what should I (36f) do?
I think I'm [26F] getting married to a racist narcissist [29M] I dont know how to detangle
I [20F] feel like my bf [22M] doesn’t want to be with me anymore but he isn’t leaving me and I can’t bring myself to leave him
Boyfriend and I are both somewhat socially anxious and it’s causing me to go into depression.
spouse doesn't support me joining the AF
I’m wondering if families ever “adopt” young adults? How could I find this kind of arrangement?
spouse doesn't support me being a pilot in the air force
I've seen plenty of past posts from people wanting to break up with someone with mental illness, but how do I (22F) break up with someone (21M) because of MY OWN mental illness?
Hard to fully explain, but a ? for the gals —
I (16 born f) led on my friend (20m) for a while before I realized he might be a pedophile
Affodable Kolkata escorts
Has anyone else taken the Big Five Personality Test with their partner?
I (19M) got betrayed by my (18F) girlfriend
He [36M] smoked some pot and went driving. It's one of my [36F] big dealbreakers but want to check if I'm (un)reasonable
Please help this girl (f17) with an attachment issue.
Please help this girl (17) with an attachment issue
I (m30) miss her (f31) more than words can describe.
UPDATE: Boyfriend (37M) quits job for second time without even telling me (32F)
How to deal with an attachment issue?
My (24F) best friend (25F) and I haven’t talked in 8 months because of my ex boyfriend. I don’t know if I should reach out or let it go
I (25M) Was Unfaithful To My Soulmate (27F) 10 Months Ago and it Came Out Last Night
Please help this girl with an attachment issue.
fell in love with what I (32f) believe is a green card scammer (37?m) that I met on Tinder Passport while isolated in quarantine. i need some perspective, please.
I miss her more than words can describe.
I (25M) Made The Largest Mistake of My Life and Cheated on My Soul Mate (27F)
My bf and I just made up and I’ve upset him by saying something I didn’t mean, what do I do?
I wonder if she likes my books???
Yekum Ane - Stages Of Love In A Relationship
What to call someone you’re flirting with?
What to call a guy you’re flirting with?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s) on the Job
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s) on the Job
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s) on the Job
When should I [27 M] reveal to a potential partner about weird kink
People who have married someone that wasn’t your typical “type”, what’s your story and how was it worked out?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s).
My (36f) bf's (31m) relationship with a coworker (36f) concerns me - what should I do?
People who have married someone that wasn’t your typical “type”, what’s your story and how was it worked out?
Relationship dying?
Am I (f30s) Wrong to Hate This Old Fucking Bitch (f60s).
People who have married someone that wasn’t your typical “type”, what’s your story and how was it worked out?
How can I help my girlfriend feel less anxious about my female friends?
Is this normal in a relationship?
Not love of my life?
I get clingier the less he cares, and push him away when he gets clingy, and I can't help it and it hurts so bad. What do I do?
Not love of my life
4 years post break up. (22M)
Does anyone really get to unlove their first love?
What are some online therapy I can do with my partner ?
4 years post breakup. (22m)
4 years post breakup (22M)
I've only had one serious relationship that didn't work out and I'm still not ready for another one 4 years later.
My boyfriend(18M) told me(18F) “and for some reason you make me hate myself more“
My boyfriend(18M) told me(18F) “and for some reason you make me hate myself more“
"I don't know what I want right now "
My bestfriend never wants to do anything or go anywhere with me now
"I don't know what I want right now "
My boyfriend told me “and for some reason you make me hate myself more“
My friend never wants to do or go anywhere with me, only wants to "hang out"
I am finally done with my toxic relationship
I (38M) am worried my anxiety will ruin my relationship with my boyfriend (49M)
My (F22) boyfriend (M24) won’t apologise when he’s in the wrong and it’s annoying me a lot. How can I make him see that how he is handling things is counter productive towards our relationship?
My (F22) boyfriend (24M) won’t apologise when he’s in the wrong and it’s beginning to annoy me a lot. How can I make him see that how he’s handling things isn’t productive towards our relationship.
Mum and brother have extremely disturbing relationship, I’m worried about how it is affecting him socially
I’m scared my anxiety will ruin my relationship with my boyfriend
How to be less insecure around my successful sibling?
My (f) boyfriend hates being in the wrong and I’m unsure how to communicate that it’s not helpful to our relationship
Is a woman who knows what she wants attractive to a man?
my boyfriend (19M) won't sleep with me (18F) anymore
My mum and younger brothers relationship has always been a little weird, but its starting to get more disturbing and effecting my brother socially, he’s 14 turning 15 this year
Is a woman who knows what she wants attractive to a man?
Is it possible for a depressed person to be in a relationship? And if you're, how do your partners handle your breakdowns.
My sibling is more successful than me
(F18) Idk what to do I'm just so fucked up.
I (21M) am not sure how to further my relationship with my "friend" (21F)
After a 4 years relationship I (23m) broke up yesterday with my SO (28m) and I don’t know how to cope
How can I say sorry?
My bf and I have different sex drives and I have issues with gender (yay!)
My boyfriend lies so much (cheating, std tests, etc.,) but I never find out until months or years later??
I (21M) am not sure how to further my relationship with my "Friend"(21F)
I (23m) broke up yesterday with my SO (28m) after a 4 years relationship and I don’t know how to cope
Ex-FWB [28M] wants to bring his GF [27F] when meeting me [25F]
My BFF (31F) is cheating on her husband, who is also a friend of mine, what do I do?
My BF (31F) is cheating on her husband
F (23) broke up with BF M (24) 1.5 years ago over him cheating. He was cheating on me with a male he met online which he never fully admitted. We never had a conversation about his sexuality. I am totally over it all but curious to find out what was going through his head. Should I reach out ?
My BF is cheating on her Husband
Crush of 4 years moves away and I don’t know what to do
I (M 22) stuck in a triangle (F F M). Need advise
my insane ex girlfriend story
Gf (f22) of 15 months just dumped me (m28). Struggling for closure.
I’ve been in a relationship for 4 years, but I’m starting to feel very confused about my sexuality.
I(21m) Texted a romantic interest(18f) over 100 times while she ignored me
How did you get over the person you’re in love with?
Am I wrong for feeling like the second choice?
How did you get over the person you love ?
My (19f) boyfriend (18m) wants to break up because of lockdown ruining our conversations
What do you think when someone says they aren’t dating right now?
What do you think of those who say they aren’t dating right now?
Does everyone in the world fall in love?
My [33NB] partner [24NB] living with me during lockdown is really bad for our relationship and he seems unable to move out for complex reasons
My (19f) boyfriend (19m) wants to break up because of lockdown
Can you be my gf
How do I get over my girlfriend being raped?
Am I (23F) wrong for dumping my boyfriend (24M) after going through his phone?
How to "deal with pain" after breakup?
Is the guy im seeing on meth?
How to "deal with the pain" after breakup?
My (20'sF) crush/FWB (20'sM) said "I love you."
How do I set myself up to get out of a marriage
How do I set myself up to get out of a marriage
My (39F) husband (38M) is having a hard time dealing with our fertility issues and it's affecting our relationship.
I don’t know what to do
I don’t know what to do
How do i stop loving somone and accept they no longer love me( sorry its a long one )
Co-worker (23f) constantly pointing out my (27M) mistakes. What to do?
My former roommate emailed my mom and said I was a rude person?
Co-worker (23f) constatly points out at my mistakes (27m). How to approach her?
I (f,27) am really getting fed up with my friend/ex (f, 23) her life has so much drama and I suspect she’s back to smoking heroin
Should I reach out to my ex 3-4 years after the break up?
Blindsided by confession
Dated for Six Years, Married for Seven Months. Husband (28M) going Through Intense Depression.
My bf reacting always to the post with the girl that he have a crush with
9 Signs Of A Failing Relationship || Time To Leave
Don't find men (mine 27M included) attractive. I'm (20F) not gay or anything.
Don't find men (mine included) attractive. I'm not gay or anything.
Why do I find all men unattractive as a woman.
Twin beds or not to twin beds
I don’t feel supported by my partner. Is it time to end things?
Blindsided by confession
hello
I think I just like someone loving me
I feel like all I want is love
I just want someone to love
I found my dads condoms. I think he is cheating. What do I do.
When I (29f) suggested my bf (31m) should see a therapist, he started seeing one alright....
Hey how are you
Is losing feelings for your partner normal in relationships?
I found my dads condoms. I think he is cheating. What do I do.
I’m conflicted
hello
Please help me
Am I (23F) wrong for dumping my boyfriend (24M) after going through his phone?
i (f18) found out that my mom (f50) goes thru my phone while i'm showering
I got my girlfriend a birthday gift. She didn't like it and told me to return it to get a refund. Did I mess up?
Hey how are you all boys
Am I (23F) wrong for dumping my boyfriend (24M) after going through his phone?
My [21F] boyfriend [24M] has a fetish for Muslim girls, specifically Iranian, Syrian and North African
Is it alright if I (21F) am dating someone who is 10 years older than me? (31M)
How do I [F24] open up to my SO [M26] about insecurities?
Am I a bad person??
Am I a bad person
im 14 and have a roughly 3 inch penis, my girlfriend wants to give me a handjob and im scared that she will make fun of me
for those of you who have cheated on a partner, is there a particular reason why you stopped cheating? did the person you were dating that you knew you didn’t want to screw up? or what were the reason(s)?
I got my girlfriend a birthday gift. She didn't like it and rejected it. She told me it was a cheap gift and she will not wear it as it's not her style. She told me to get my refund so I didn't waste my resources. Is my girlfriend ungrateful and materialistic or is it me.
Is it ok if I (21F) date someone 10 years older than me? (31M)
How do I [22F] know if he [21M] is interested?
Did I mess up?
How to know if he likes me?
The Silent Treatment
The Silent Treatment
How to help something out of my control
My best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore it?
I (18M) miss my ex. I have a girlfriend (18F)
This has current nothing to do with a relationship because I’ve never been in one but i’m proud
I (18M) miss my ex. I have a girlfriend (18F).
He (25M) told me (28F) he “needs a break” - what can I do while waiting?
Should I (18M) Be Worried She (20F) Is Using Me?
How to get over an ex
I’ve ended things because he wouldn’t take “no” for an answer
Should I (18M) Be Worried She (20F) Is Using Me?
My Best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore it?
Would you be offended or actually try to listen and reflect when asked this
My [30F] SO [33M] and I have an unresolved argument- we are trying to move forward but are unable to
I (M/30s) recently learned my ex lost a family member.
Would you be offended or actually reflect and try to listen when asked this type of question?
I 43m seem to be having issues with my 27f GF , we are constantly arguing over the fact that I find other women attractive
Guy sent pic of himself crying. Why? 🚩?
His secrets are making me want to seek attention else where..
I am scared I keep making the same mistakes and hurting myself.
My gf finds it hard to deal with the fact I find other women attractive.
My best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore it?
How do you help you’re girlfriend when she’s insecure of her bust size?
How do you help you’re girlfriend when she’s insecure of her bust size?
Confused seeking advice
Confused seeking advise
What is everyone’s thoughts on the; “friendship breakups hurt more than actual relationships” discussion?
My best friend hangs out with my abusive ex... Should I ignore?
I (M/30s) recently learned of a death in an ex’s family.
Confused seeking advice
I (21F) have a crush on a friend (23M) who says they are possibly Asexual
Me (48f) with my husband (39m) of ten years - I asked him to help me maintain safe social distancing boundaries with his mom (62f) when she came to visit, but I feel like he failed me.
I’m crushing on a friend who says they’re possibly Asexual
I (M/30s) recently learned of a death in an ex’s family.
How do I (30F) help my boyfriend (40M) make friends?
Is there a support group for men that doesn’t have harmful/negative/regressive ideologies
Should I reach out to an ex after a death in their family?
I like this girl but torn on what I should do next
Not jealous anymore?
I [31F] am feeling left behind. Suggestions?
My (26F) boyfriend (21M) doesn’t know how to initiate sex? (Trigger: BDSM discussion)
I (24F) don’t feel like having sex anymore
GF[F,23] cheated on me[m,24] by sexting old hookup
Me [25/F] finding myself not excited about my future with my boyfriend [24M] of 3 years (how to ask for a break?)
Ex boyfriend has same group of friends
Normal to feel that my dad is attracted to me?
LGBT celebrity: I had dinner with 7 HIV carriers
Dad (55?M) somewhat attracted to me (23F)?
My Gf[23] cheated on me[24] by sending nudes to ex
What should I do?
Does she even miss me?
Hooking up with/ dating my brothers best friend advice?
Working with Ex
Is it normal to feel like your dad is somewhat attracted to you?
what does she want from me??
Are my (23 F) parents (55 F) (62 M) evil?
why does my anxiety and depression come back after getting into a new romantic relationship? (F21)
My(22M) girlfriend (18F) broke up with me
I (22F) think I might be falling for one of my closest friends (21F)
My(25F) boyfriend(25M) of a year, won't allow me to end things..
why does my depression and anxiety come back after i get into a new romantic relationship?
Should i [25F] apologize for sending my friend [25F] home while she was kind of drunk
what does she want from me??
I’m dating a unmotivated stoner
Still in love with my abuser.
Advice on hooking up with/dating my brother's best friend.
My girlfriend has anxiety and I don’t know if I’m strong enough to help her
Help drug dealer boyfriend
Should i [25f] apologize for sending my friend [25f] home while she was drunk
Still in love with my abuser.
How do you get over emotional barriers?
I (28f) don't feel comfortable with anything sex now since the guy (37m) I lost my virginity to left me
how do you know it's time to let go?
How to tell if she's interested?
Fight leaving me scared he wants to end it
Engagement ring timing
My fiance hid 30k in debt from me
Smoking with my wife;
My fiancé has 30k in collections that she has kept hidden
Girlfriend received a gift from her male friend
how do you know that it's time to let go?
Do many men only date conventionally attractive women?
Girlfriends male friend bought her a gift
My [30F] GF thinks I'm [28M] adding women on snap during the 1st month of our relationship...
Relationships
My (30yo) GF thinks I'm (28yo) adding women on Snap DURING the 1st month of our relationship..
Is dry pussy good? (30f)
I want to leave my household
My (36f) husband (37m) has very mini "freak out". I get angry each time and find it hard to just let it go.
Is dry pussy good?
My GF thinks I'm adding people on Snap during our relationship.
I (19 M) just got dumped by my ex (19 F). We had been dating for over a month, but I’ve known her for 2 years.
communication-style friction
I (19 M) just got dumped by my ex (19 F). We had been dating for over a month, but I’ve known her for 2 years.
strange communication styles
I want to leave
Is it normal to not have a friendship group? (F19)
I'm [21F] not sure if this relationship with him [21M] is worth it.
Do men date to get over the ex?
Is it normal to not have a friendship group? (F19)
I got mad at my bf for peeing outside. Am I wrong ?
Is it valid to be upset that my friend hasn’t checked in?
Partner thinks I'm less attracted to them
I might have driven my partner out of my life.
My mother has fallen asleep next to me and I can't help but feel panicked and uncomfortable.
How do I (f20) tell my parents (m52, f42) that I’m not going to be at dinner all the time?
I [F23] am trying to help my partner [M22] through a difficult period, but I keep coming off as insincere?
Does anyone else have boyfriend who can’t move on from exes
I [23F] am trying to help my partner [22M] through a difficult period, but I keep coming off as insincere?
I might have driven away the love of my life
Am I overthinking??
My [22 F] new roommate [22 F] of less than one month is constantly asking me for favors and is generally disrespectful of our shared space. I don’t know how to talk to her.
How do I (28M) find someone to look up to?
How do I (28M) find someone to look up to?
My [31F] , Fiancé [33M]. He is perpetually dissatisfied with his job/s, it’s causing huge issues, and I have no idea what to do about it anymore
My 22 [F] new roommate of around 1 month 22 [F] won’t stop asking me for favors and seems to be taking advantage of me, and is just generally disrespectful of our home.
I don’t know if I (14M) tolerate my mom (30F) any longer.
Strong feelings for a close friend, feel stuck and dont know what to do?
I [18F] have been feeling really anxious about my 1 year relationship with my girlfriend [18F]
Young relationship suffering from Arguments and Differences
My boyfriend has a playlist for his ex gf
I [18f] have been feeling really anxious about my 1 year relationship with my girlfriend [18f]
Long distance is hard when your technology has started to fail you
Totally bitter about relationships (28f)
I (24f) really bad epileptic with (32m) healthy
I (19m) broke up with my girlfriend (18f) but now I want to get back together
Strong feelings for a close friend, feel stuck and dont know what to do?
So, I tried to watch Apocalypto with my wife
I think my bf is intentionally damaging my self esteem
Relationship with Epileptic
I (26F) am a young professional in a mid-career role, unwillingly carrying a heavy workload; co-workers unresponsive.
Gift being discarded by girlfriend (F19)
Hate my wife's vibrator. Help
Should I stop reaching out? Friendship advice (20F, 20F)
My fiance is "micro-cheating" and I want to know how I can salvage the relationship.
Friendship advice
Uncertain of all my relationships and have no where to go for talking about my sadness
Am I in the wrong for pushing my father ?
How to deal with my enmeshed dilemma
Boyfriend (29M) don’t like my pussy (30F)
Sex
I want more perspectives and insight on me improving
Sex
How can I(18m) let go of my ex?
Together 3 years, me 28f him 37m: I am ready for the next steps and he can’t seem to make a decision about anything.
Boyfriend (29M) don’t like my sex (30F)
I'm wanting perspectives and insight on me improving
Gift being discarded by Girlfriend(19F)
How can I let go of my ex?
How do I begin to mend my relationship with my father when he doesn’t know I’m on the verge of going low/no contact? (Long)
Women of Reddit: How can you put up being in a relationship with a man?
Is this girl into me ?
Sex
Is it bad that I (21F) get mad at my bf (21M) for peeing outdoors?
I (23F) don't want to break up with my (30M) boyfriend, but I think my mental health issues are ruining both of us.
WOULD YOU
At 25 I find myself wishing I was friends with a successful female mentor who is living the life that I aspire to have. Do other girls feel the same?
Sex
My fiance is "micro-cheating" and I want to know the best way to save our relationship.
I [M19] rarely get blowjobs or handjobs from my girlfriend [F19]?
Boyfriend [29M] and I [26F] of 6 months..having an argument over coronavirus precautions
Boyfriend sent Ex girlfriend a message
Topics w s/o lead to defensiveness and arguments because of poor communication
Boyfriend sent ex a video on instagram
Ex got a new girl, any advice would help
Content to learn about how to communicate without making people defensive
Ex got a new girl, any advice helps
I miss my little sister.
My GF (31F) and I (27M) began our relationship at the beginning of the pandemic and basically have a long-distance relationship in the same town, because she doesn't feel comfortable leaving her apartment or being within close proximity of anyone
How do (I22f) get my ex(43m) to destroy a nude painting of me?
my boyfriend [m/21] fell asleep with his head in my [f/20] lap
my boyfriend fell asleep with his head on my lap
I (28F) can't seem to get over ex-bf (31M) of 3 months after breaking up a year ago. Please tell me the pain will stop.
My BF's (32M) family will not accept me (31F)
Boyfriend is slowly resenting me?
We met on tiktok and I can’t believe it.
I think my bf is trying to damage my image of myself and I'm afraid it might be working.
The fact that I met him on tiktok blows my mind
I have a weird feeling my bf did something he shouldn’t have done.
My (45M) wife (43F) won't get rid of ex's pics even though she had an EA with him after we got married.
How long is it ok to keep pics of an ex after you get married?
I [21M] became best friend with my crush [20F] . How do I get unstuck?
My mum says my boyfriend puts up with me
How long did you keep pictures of ex’s after you get married? Do you keep things from past relationships? If so, what is acceptable to keep?
I feel like I’m not good enough
How long did you keep pictures of ex’s after you get married? Do you keep things from past relationships? If so, what is acceptable to keep?
Was I (33F) too hard on my brother's girlfriend (29f) about her alcoholism?
I [25 M] am starting to snap at my friend [29 M], and I don't know what to do.
Am I (24M) overthinking about about my gf (20F)?
Am I (24m) overthinking stuff about my gf? (20f)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How am I feeling?
Just got dumped over text.
My (27M) fiance (25F) doesn't feel a connection anymore.
[30M] & [28F] - Buy House Before Or After Marriage?
Buy House Before Or After Marriage?
I [25M] had a huge crush on a coworker/boss [33M] whom I thought had a crush on me, but he just bought a house with his wife. I feel oddly heartbroken, confused, and have been crying. Please help me move on ASAP!
I[27F] am struggling with talking about sensitive topics with my Boyfriend49M]
What should I do? [27 M] [24F] should I keep this friendship going or just give up for the better.
I don’t know what to do anymore
[24M] Can I still be gay if penis doesn’t turn me on?
[19M]Fell in love with this girl and knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her
I'm so confused about my (past) relationship
Thinking of ending an engagement, looking for advice from those who have been in a similar situation
I [25F] had a crush on my colleague/boss [33M] for AGES because it really seemed like he liked me. But it turns out he never did (he just bought a big house with his wife), and I feel so disappointed and heartbroken. I want to move on ASAP. Help!
I'm so confused in my (past) relationship...
Just broke up with boyfriend that I still love... advice? Wisdom?
I [23F] befriended someone online only to find out much later that they were much younger than me [15F]
Looking for Redditors who have ended an engagement/marriage/serious relationship
I (early 20s M) need help achieving a happy ending in my relationship with her (early 20s F)
My boyfriend (21) is mad at me because i (19) didn’t smile for him because i was annoyed he ignored me.
I [29M] feel guilty about weird attraction to girlfriend’s [23F] drinking
I (m21) found Chlamydia antibiotics that may be my partner's (20f)
I [29/M] have given up on my [26/F] gf of five years, and I feel guilty despite it being a toxic relationship
My partner [24NB] and I [33NB] are both autistic and communication is really, really hard right now in various ways. I'm scared and need advice.
Any "Right Person, Wrong Time" ever work out in the end?
My [28M] nephew [10M] doesn't see much of his father, and my schedule has opened up due to a new job. What's the best way to spend time with him that helps build him up?
I (m21) found STI antibiotics that may be my partner's (20f)
My [28M] nephew [10M] doesn't see much of his father, and my schedule has opened up due to a new job. What's the best way to spend time with him that helps build him up?
Wife Regrets Elopement
My [21] friend [20F] traces art?
My Bipolar Disorder is ruining the only good relationship I have ever had.
Life
I, (30, M) a Muslim dealing with a newly religious Catholic girlfriend (25, F) causing a major rift in our relationship.
Baby father troubles (24F) (24M) the other girl (21F)
My Bipolar Disorder is ruining and most likely ending an amazing three year relationship.
I [29M] am weirdly infatuated by girlfriend’s [23F] drinking
Baby father troubles (24F) (24M) the other girl (21F)
Just broke up with my boyfriend that I still love.. advice? Wisdom?
Was I (33f) too harsh on my brother's girlfriend (29f)?
Was it wrong for me(26/m) to ask to hang out with my married former co worker(40/f)?
How can I[29M] convince my SO [25F] that I just prefer being single but still love her?
I turned down a job from a family friend and I feel extremely guilty about it
Struggling in lockdown M28 and F26
Babyfather troubles
Wife Regreting Elopement After Two Months
After two years of no contact I got drunk over the weekend and called my ex
My boyfriend is mad at me because i didn’t smile for him because i was annoyed he ignored me.
How to I politely tell my boyfriend that I feel like I'm an afterthought in his life.
How do I deal with my landlord(56/F) who wants to strong arm me(22/M) into putting my wifi modem in my room and not the livingroom?
I (M19) have different opinions than my girlfriend (F19) and i don't know how to handle it
How do I deal with my landlord(56/F) who wants to strong arm me(22/M) into putting my wifi modem in my room and not the livingroom?
21(F) feel like I’m more affectionate and make more effort than my 22(M) boyfriend
My now, ex boyfriend broke up with me through text twice this week. I just don’t even know anymore.
I (M19) has very different opinions than my girlfriend (M19) and it's bothering me
Advice to someone who is 30/f and still on the fence with having children
Advice to someone who is 30/f and still on the fence with having children
How do I deal with my landlord who wants to strong arm me into putting my wifi modem in my room and not the livingroom?
I don’t even know how to title this mess of a situation
I (20M) just got into a relationship with (20F), what’s some good advice?
How do I [37F] keep sane while my partner [42M] is addicted to WoW?
I don’t even know how to title this mess of a situation
My (22f) online 'friend' (22m) may have a girlfriend? Do I say something?
This guy (22m) I've (22f) been "friends" with online for 10 months has a girlfriend? What do I do?
Do you think a future can happen?
Me (28M) and GF (26M) struggling in lockdown.
Clingy , need help!
Relationship struggling during lockdown
Am I over complicating things with him?
How can I help my friend get out of her toxic relationship?
How do I let her know I’m not trying to be friends
How can I help my friend get out of her toxic relationship?
Is it okay to refuse to see my [24F] serious [26M] boyfriend's mentally ill mother until she gets help? She screamed at me and chased me out of his house while I was in tears this weekend...really need advice.
My boyfriend kept trying to get me in the mood even after I told him I was tired and just wanted to cuddle
Girlfriend? More like maid.
I (22M) got told by a girl (20F) that she wasn’t ready for a relationship, given me mixed signals, but in reality I think it was polite way of saying that I am not attractive enough.
How do I [24F] explain to my mom [55F] that I don’t feel comfortable or safe staying with her?
I [21f] feel guilty about planning to leave my boyfriend [26m] without any warning.
NEED ADVICE ASAP!!! HELP A BROTHA OUT!!
I'm (20F) thinking about getting some beauty procedures done and my boyfriend (22M) is saying he'll break up with me?
My boyfriend's [26M] mentally ill mother [38F] screamed at me [24F] and chased me out of his house, and I have no wish to see her ever again.
i (25f) am freaking out and feeling extremely emotional with a fwb(???) I need some advice.
is she pyscho? OR is she still hurt
I need help with getting closure over my boyfriend still trying to be more intimate even after I said I only wanted to cuddle long ago
Is it acceptable to to speak with a third party about relationship problems 28F 35M
I (19M) hade sex with my best friend (19F) and I caught feelings
Really struggling over a long term relationship breakup
I (22M) got told by a girl (20F) that she wasn’t “ready for a relationship”. Is a legit thing to say or probably I am not attractive enough?
First Break Up. Don’t Know If I Should Keep Seeing My Now Ex Girlfriend As Just Friends.
I’m (20F) thinking about getting some beauty procedures done and my boyfriend (22M) is saying he’ll break up with me?
Father [50M] wants my [18M] brother [15M] and my mother [45+F] to move in with me when I move out next year
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
Am I right to be upset? Or am I overreacting?
If it hurts, does that mean that I have feelings for her?
I [22f] am having guilt about plankton abandon my relationship with m hm boyfriend [26m].
I [22f] am angry that my boyfriend [21m] didn't come to my place after my dad [53m] had a heart attack yesterday
Boyfriend kept trying to be intimate even though I was feeling tired and said I wanted to cuddle
My [22f] boyfriend [21m] is not answering when I ask him to come at my place when my dad [53m] had a heart attack yesterday
Texted for a long time and newer met, until now. (M21/F18)
I'm (18f) really worried about my best friend (18f) because her boyfriend (21m) is super controlling and we're falling apart because of it.
How do I 26M get over feelings of intimidation / jealousy towards my 26F girlfriend?
Do you ever wonder why you’re a twat/ can be a twat to your partner on certain occasions?
Should I cut out my racist parents?
Am I (F22) wrong for feeling ignored by my fiance (24M)?
My [20M] gf [21F] is ignoring me because I didn't message her last night while out with friends
Should i breakup for good this time?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Should i break up for good this time?
My [20M] gf [20F] is ignoring me because I didn't update her on what I was doing last night while I was seeing some friends
My (28F) bizarrely secretive housemate (32M)
I (18) am worried about my best friend (18)'s controlling boyfriend (21)
I feel ignored and forgotten.
A girl (F15) is catching feelings for me but I'm (M17) not Sure about mine since..
My [25F] boyfriend [29M] of 8 months said I'm being "holier than thou"
My (21m) GF (20F) broke up with me because I felt her up too much
My (28F) bizarrely secretive 32M housemate
Now may be a single mom after three year relationship
My gf(20) and i(21) are in a bit of a weird situation over here...
I (38f) can't explain this but I ignored everything for several years and married a complete jerk (40m)....now what.
I [19M] am thinking about ending a 2 year long relationship with [19F] girlfriend
Will this feeling of loss and missing an ex always stay?
My gf and I are in a bit of a weird situation here... [m/21] [f/20]
My bf’s [38m] baby mama has some strange behavior and I [29f] don’t know how to proceed
My girlfriend (f20) of 2.5 years broke up with me (m21) saying I made her uncomfortable
How do I (29/F) tell my boyfriend (29/M) that his good friend (29/M) had kind-of-sort-of said something inappropriate to me the other day without making waves for them as roommates?
My [17M] acquaintance [18M] is mad at me for not including him because he didn't get into a prestigious school
NSFW my bf went to a rub and tug and told me about it
Why do toxic parents think they can invade their children's privacy?
Am I a fool for chasing after someone who doesn't want me? (26F/30M)
Why do toxic parents think they can invade their children's privacy?
Looking for a serious relationship
Bf went to a rub and tug and idk how to feel
Am I a fool for chasing after someone who doesn't want to be with me?
My (21f) boyfriend (22m) already decided the names of our future children and I don’t get a vote
I (28m) feel like ‘most’ relationships are too superficial, am I wrong?
My bf went to a rub and tug and idk how to feel...?
I (35/m) don’t want kids but my wife (34/f) does and now we have a kid
Now may be a single mom of two kids after a three year relationship
I [19M] am thinking about ending a 2 year long relationship with [19F] girlfriend
My GF(22F) is scared to settle down right now and I (23M) don't know what to do.
Hellooooo
Are relationships becoming more superficial these days or less so?
Are relationships becoming more superficial these days or less so?
Are Relationships Becoming More Superficial or Less so these days?
Is my (M30) bf cheating on me (F27)
My (f22) boyfriend (m23) and I are having a rough patch
My [27F] boyfriend of three years [33M] won't go to the doctor.
How do I (24F) let go of a healthy relationship with (25M)? Should I wait? Long.
How do I (24F) let go of a healthy relationship with (25M)? Should I wait? Long.
My [32F] friends [late 20s/early 30sF] offered to throw a baby shower for me for baby #2 due in July. And then nothing happened.
How can I ask an ex-coworker if she is still with her then boyfriend, without being too forward?
My parents abusive marriage is killing my mother and I feel like my hands are tied
I (22F) rejected a close friend and now he isn’t talking to me, I don’t know what to do
Friends or more?
My boyfriend (20m) and I (21f) haven’t had sex in 3 months
Should I (18M) continue my relationship with my GF (17F)?
My parents abusive marriage is killing my mom and I feel like my hands are tied
How do I know my bf (M) 30 cheated on me (F) 27?
My boyfriend (20m) and I (21f) haven’t had sex in 3 months
Should I continue the relationship?
I (20f) am not sure whether to stay with my boyfriend (22m)...starting to resent certain things about him
I [20] don’t want to associate with my sister [18] anymore.
My brother [18M] is an ABUSIVE and narcissistic piece of shit that I honestly couldn’t care for anymore.
Have you ever fallen out of love with someone and then fallen back in love with them?
How do I know if my (M)30 bf is cheating on me (F)27???
I (21F) am worried that I am causing the end of my parents' relationship
Am I [23F] out of line for being bothered that my friend with benefits [25M] talks to his ex [23F], who openly hates me?
My (28M) roommate confessed his love to me (30M) and I'm unsure how to move forward
My[M24] Girlfriend[F23] is being used by her own family.
My (28M) roommate confessed his love to me (30M) and I'm unsure on how to move forward
Do you need help with your breakup?
How can I help my(18F) boyfriend (18M) eat healthier?
I (F21) confessed my feelings to a guy and now I feel guilty
How do I know if he’s cheating? (F)27 (M)30
I’m 100% sure my boyfriend’s (25m) preference is white and asian women. I’m (22f) Black!
My (24M) Ex's (24F) Ex BFF (24F) - PG to the max
I’m confused if I should let my boyfriend go or not
My (24M) Ex's (24F) Ex BFF (24F) - PG Post
My boyfriend is mad at me for getting upset he doesn't respect my culture and called me pretentious
Boyfriend called me pretentious for being upset he doesn't realise his white privilege
Help me get a read on this situation.
Give your read on this situation TL;DR
Give me your read on this situation, getting mixed signal tl:dr
Requiring an opinion on this situation *Long read*
M24 looking for advice on new relationship with F24. Might be getting ghosted??
My boyfriend (29M) doesn’t like my dry pu**y (30F)
My husband (37) Constantly accuses me of petty things, and I (29F) am tired of it.
I(20f) exposed my brother(25m) for sexually abusing me as a kid to my mom a few days ago, but now they're acting as if nothing ever happened.
I (21/F) just almost got raped by a 'good' friend (21/M)
My boyfriend doesn’t like my dry pu**y
My girlfriend (F17) feels that something is ”off” about me (m17)
My girlfriend (F17) feels that something is ”off” about me (m17)
Does it sound as though my (23F) boyfriend's (25M) mother (50F) is intentionally being rude to me/giving backhanded compliments?
(25F) Feeling insecure due to boyfriend’s (19M) past relationships and flings.
Should I [22/f] tell him I kissed another guy [19/m]?
I’ve (26F) been dating a guy (26M) for about a month and we still have not had sex.
My (29M) girlfriend (30F) will never back down from any argument
Advice on how to initiate a second date after the first signs of getting ghosted.
I (33 NB) Just Want To Do Things For Myself, but my Partner (32 M) Keeps Trying To Help Me
My husbands (37) constant accusations are making me (29F) question our marriage.
How to initiate a relationship without being presumptuous, creepy, or annoying
I (19f) am sick and tired of my boyfriend (41m) being such a creep, he says it’s unintentional.
My mom (46F) really upset my (18F) boyfriend (17M) at dinner and now he wants me to choose between either him or her
Cheating EX is smearing me and threatening to report me to the police
I (29f) caught my bf (31m) being really chatty with another woman online....and I suddenly remembered something he told me about his previous girlfriend. Red flag?
My(24M) girlfriend(26F) and I are on a break right now.
[22M and 25F, age difference and society breaking us up(India)
My bf (35m) chose a kid over me (25f) and broke up with me
Comparing
Me [27M] discovered connection with [24F] and is overwhelming
20 yrs (F) flirting with 14 yrs (M).
How can I help my boyfriend eat healthier?
How to handle Digital jealousy (f, 25)
My (33F) boyfriend (36) admitted to seeing prostitutes in the past.
My long distance bf (35m) dumped me (25f) over a little girl
I (33 NB) Just Want to Do Things For Myself Sometimes, but My Fiance (32 M) Just Wants to Help
I started seeing this guy, realized that I'm hot and don't know what I'm doing and now I'm overwhelmed!
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) of nine months keeps giving me unsolicited advice.
Lost after breakup with my best friend
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) of nine months keeps giving me unsolicitated advice.
My BF admitted to having used prostitutes in the past
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) keeps giving me unsolicited advice.
Digital jealousy
32F Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
How to handle digital jealousy?
Best anniversary thus far! 🥰
My (M/24) Ex-girlfriend (F/22) broke up with me 5 months ago but has recently started taking lots of shots at me on social media. Since we run in the same social circles, it makes me very uncomfortable and I'd like for her to stop.
Can't help but feeling lost after breakup
32F Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
I (31f) am concerned my boyfriend's (32M) mom (58F) is financially taking advantage of him
Bf (35) dumped me (25) over a little girl
Am I [23F] out of line for being bothered that my friend with benefits [25M] talks to his ex, who openly hates me?
My (23f) bf (26m) is constantly looking at other girls in public and it makes me uncomfortable
I (25m) don’t picture myself being in romantic relationships in the future, just having friends, and I don’t know if it is ok.
I'm (31F) concerned my boyfriend's (32M) mom (58F) is financially taking advantage of him
sex life
What was the best date you’ve ever been on?
It is impossible to disagree with my mother without her escalating things and gaslighting me, and it's ruining our relationship
I feel like I’m in some sort of weird triangle.
Hii!! 30F Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
I (25m) don’t picture myself being in romantic relationships in the future, just having friends and I don’t know if it is ok.
Hii!! Question: is there a book that literally defines all the healthy boundaries one must consider having in all areas of life I.e. work romantic family friends society etc etc ?
My girlfriend just left me but she stills writes to me
Did I (25f) overreact about my bf(37m) going out with his friends and ignoring me
Husband’s family not welcoming
Started dating a guy and realized that I'm hot and now I don't know what to do!
Girlfriends brother being a jerk.
Met his parents... and completely embarrassed myself. How to move forward?
Girlfriends brother being a jerk.
Girlfriend getting fed up with her brother. As am I.
It’s pretty simple: Does she like me? (It’s an entertaining story I think you’ll like)
My(F24) boyfriend's(M25) behaviour is starting to take a toll on my mental health
I (F24) don't know what to do about boyfriend's (M25) behaviour
I'm (31/F) Pregnant and my friend (28/F) isn't supportive
My MIL (51F) asks my husband (27M) and I (27F) for rides at least once a week
I [20f] didn't want to date him [21m] and rejected him. Now I do and he doesn't want to date me.
SO (f28) cannot stop nagging me (M28) about chores
crushes while in a relationship?
My [34F] husband [35M] had a baby with someone else while we were separated and abandoned the baby.
I think my boyfriend is secretly reading my Reddit posts
Dose my boyfriend actually care about me?
My boyfriend (23M) makes me (20F) feel guilty for needing my personal space.
I [20f] didn't want to date him [21m] and rejected him. Now I do and he doesn't want to date me.
Stop Being Patronizing
I'm [25M] frequently approached by women who want me above all because I am a professional athlete. How to find a meaningful relationship?
Can we make this work
How to stop being patronizing?
Advice for living with SO for the first time
My (f25) Ed boyfriend (m22) filed a restraining order against me because he owes me money
Long Term breakup help !
Is it acceptable to show frustration to your partner?
She get's upset with me when I get frustrated
Feel like a robot (F28)
The shadows of yesterday
My boyfriend (23M) makes me (20F) feel guilty for needing my space.
I [M22] am having an extraordinarily hard time getting over my first breakup
SO F(26) nagging about chores even though I'm working all day
Long Term breakup! Help
Just need help, trying this for the first time
My sister 22f is sad over a common friend 22f being indifferent to her. While I 25f have a strong bond with her.
Gf stopped using petnames and I’m worried ):
Would you consider this a red flag and stop seeing someone because of this?
My sister 22f is sad about a common friend 22f being totally indifferent to her, while me and the friend have built a strong bond.
How to deal with my [19F] sister’s [24F] immaturity and sensitivity it’s starting to drive me crazy
Gf stopped calling me petnames and I’m worried ):
How to deal with my [19F] sister’s [24F] immaturity and sensitivity it’s starting to drive me crazy.
UPDATE: My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
How can I improve my relationship with my bf?
I don't know if my bff is treating me right
UPDATE: My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
Long Term break up help!
When to make it official?
Advice for living with SO for the first time
Doing everything I (29f) can, but he (33m) doesn't "feel" like I am?
Coronavirus-related fight with family
Scared to meet others because of my race
If you want to be happy, first you must find true friends
How to improve my relationship with my bf?
If you want to be happy, you must first find true friends
How to know if you are being gaslighted?
Is it okay to date someone you are not physically attracted to but attracted to emotionally and intellectually? Everything else is almost perfect.
Me and my girlfriend sent nudes. Im 16 and shes 15
Husband and wife advice? Pastors or Christian's.
My partner and I have changed so much in 3 years I don’t see ya staying together
I [30/M] sent a creepy message to my friend [33/F]. How can I fix the friendship?
my boyfriend knew of my anxiety and gave me a panic attack and isn’t sorry about it.
How has the last 5 years changed your relationship?
Has anyone said “I love you” and been rejected by their partner?
How has last 5 years changed your life and what does the future hold?
Boy boyfriend (30m) gave me a panic attack is it sorry about it.
How do I [30/M] fix the friendship after I was a creep to my friend [33/F]
My[f26] friends [f24 m29 m28] are all fast becoming drug addicts and im unsure what to do.
Girlfriend of 6 years wanted revenge for me making a bumble account so she started sexting other dudes while we were still together and later when we were breaking up, she never told me i found out getting into her instagram that she left open on my phone
Anxiety attack with the boyfriend
I (25M) am worried that FWB (24F) is only staying with me because my mom died
Sister who neglects family members in health crises
How do I (28M) stop comparing my ex and our relationship to my new relationships
I (22M) think I’m in love with my brother’s (28M) girlfriend (25F)
Girlfriend and I had a huge misunderstanding today, what can I do to fix this? (21f) (21m)
Feeling trapped with my (25F) boyfriend (36M)
How do I [f/28] kindly break up with boyfriend [m/29] whom I'm emotionally cheating on?
Distant Friend —Advice
How to confront my father about meth
LDR - Girlfriend (F/25) Seems Stressed or Off- What to do?
My Ex (24M) wants me back but refuses to change (24F) - what do I do?
What's with all these early to mid 30 year old guys dating girls 18 and early 20s?
My (24F) two best friends (23F & 24F) dated and broke up last year without telling me, but now I have a crush on one of them. How do I tell the other one without fallout?
Was me (27f) breaking up with my boyfriend (26m) an overreaction on my part?
Me [23M] and my Gf [22F] are about to go long distance for more than a year potentially after 3.5 years together. I’m really lost and struggling.
I (f/27) am walking on egg shells around my family
I need help with my boyfriends dog
Should I (25F) hold off grad school another year so I can stay with my SO (26M) or go this year and risk breaking up?
I (25M) want to avoid putting pressure on this girl (24F) I'm seeing
My relationship felt like it ended then
I need help with my boyfriends dog
Should I hold off grad school another year so I can stay with my SO or go this year and risk breaking up?
How can I [28F] avoid self sabotaging the budding potential with my new prospect [35M]?
I need help with my boyfriends dog
Former self saboteurs, how can I avoid tanking my new prospect? [28F][35M]
Did I emotionally cheat?
I can try to deny it, but I know my best friend and I are falling for eachother.
Girlfriend is moving to Tennessee and I can’t go with with
My friend wants me to be his rebound
M18 - F18 Should I message her?
Boyfriend believes he's right and the victim after our argument, I dont know if it's repairable
Half-sister(33) being condescending to me(f26)
Half-sister(33) treating me(f26) like a child
How do I (33m) stop having thoughts about a relationship that ended a year ago?
I went through his phone - help
Uncomfortable in healthy relationships
How do I (33m) stop having thoughts about a relationship that ended a year ago?
parents won’t let boyfriend and i get a pet when we move out
Does my ex still care?
parents won’t let boyfriend and i get a dog
How long you rel whit military guy lasted?
The girl my gf cheated with in her previous relationship texted her, tips/advice??
what do I do?
My room mate overheard a private conversation I had with her partner, now I don't know how to approach her.
I’m going to a different university and I think it’ll be hard for my relationship.
Couples that went to different universities, how did you do it?
My roommate opens up to me - his partner overhears and now I think shes mad at me.
Reappearing lover/friend/stranger
I have recently lost feelings for my girlfriend. What is your advice?
Am I right in not wanting my gf talking to this girl?!?
My biological mom says I'm a bad daughter for not initiating a relationship with her
Sister (14f) lied to get me (17m) in deep shit with dad (47m). Now she "feels bad" but won't own up to it to our parents. What do I do?
Boyfriend moving 4500 miles away to Alaska, do I go?
Is the relationship between Lady Bird and her mother in the movie “Lady Bird” normal? Is my (25F) mother (60F) emotionally controlling?
The neighbours just had a baby, would it be weird to give them a gift?
Tell me about some of the most thoughtful things you've done for people. A time where you just did the most perfect thing that made someone feel loved. In a way that hit them in the feels, that they really appreciated.
I [22M] want to ask a girl out on a date, but I don’t know how to do it.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My (F27) boyfriend (M27) of 2 years talks to his friends about him and his ex girlfriend's sex life
My (F27) boyfriend (M27) of 2 years talks to his friends about him and his ex girlfriend's sex life
SO and I are United on dealing with MIL but how
Boyfriend telling friends about him and his ex gf's sex life?
My husband didn’t defend me to his friend, when his friend said I was having a temper tantrum
Bf (M27) telling his friends about him and his ex gf's sex life
My [26M] girlfriend [23F] watches Step brother porn with actor thzt is extremely similar to her own step brother (name and face)
My coworker (26F) makes flirty/sexual comments toward me, despite me being in a serious relationship. I'm (25F) confused by her behaviour.
Bf (M27) telling his friends about him and his ex gf's sex life
New neighbor (50sM) is making me (29F) uncomfortable.
18M having dating problems. Should i try talking to her?
New neighbor(50sM) is making me (29F) uncomfortable. Advice?
should i try honestly talking to her?
23m been in a relationship for 4 years I want to move out of state she doesn’t want to..
My coworker (26F) makes flirty/sexual comments toward me. I (25F) have a girlfriend and am confused by my coworker's behaviour.
My ex (both 21) is moving out of the country when everything resumes, to escape from both of our lives.. He was relentless in the contact emails, and trying to get me back, up until this point.. What do I do to try to start my whole life over again..
I feel really attracted to my boyfriend’s friend, and it’s mutal.
My (F21) boyfriend (M22) is lazy and it's getting to me
My (F21) boyfriend (22) is lazy and it's getting to me
What’s worse?
My [26M] girlfriend [23F] watches Step brother porn with actor that is very similar to her real step brother (face and name)
Trust issues
Should I message my ex?
How do I apologize to someone for being a toxic person in the past?
I am really attracted to my boyfriend’s friend, and I think it’s mutal.
What do I do when my ex moved on?
How do I briefly apologize to someone for being a shitty person in the past?
Should I message my ex?
I (19F) don’t know how to tell my racist dad (49M) that I’m dating an Arab (18M)
I [22/F] upset by [23/M] boyfriend liking girls half naked photos online
Boyfriend keeps liking half baked girls photo including his female friends, what do I do?
I (21F) am feeling slightly anxious about my relationship with (29M) and don’t know what to do.
I (21F) am feeling slightly anxious about my relationship with (29M) and don’t know what to do.
I [22/F] upset by boyfriend [23/M] who keeps liking girls photos including his friends
Why do i feel guilty over small things
One month away from the family and I dread the return.
I(30F) opened up to my husband(32M) about being depressed and he didn’t react well
My fiance kept SIL's pregnancy a secret from me and I don't know how to move forward...
I'm (24f) feeling lost in a FWB relationship with one of my closest friends (27m)
My best friend (21) had sex with my ex (21).
My (29f) boyfriend (29m) of 6 months, lives with his ex girlfriend and I'm uncomfortable
Friendship
My (22F) dad (50M) is toxic and tyranical and he is ruining my family (brother (16M) and mum (50F))
My (22F) dad (50M) is toxic and tyranical and he is ruining my family (brother (16M) and mum (50F))
I’m (28f) afraid that I’ll never be able to trust my boyfriend (28m) again
(21/F) Everything about my boyfriend (22/M) suddenly annoys me, I'm not attracted to him anymore after 3 years together?
(19F) My best friend (19F) is extremely self-absorbed and I’m so, so tired
Everything about my boyfriend has become annoying to me. I'm suddenly not attracted to him after 3 years together?
[new] 14 Funny Questions To Ask Your Girl and Make Her Laugh
I [29 M] have trouble communicating and my girlfriend [F 27] isn't that good at being in a relationship
Lost trust
My ex (both 21) is moving out of the country when everything resumes, to escape from both of our lives.. He was relentless in the contact emails, and trying to get me back, up until this point.. I explained that I couldn't take care of myself enough to give him the support he needed/went downhill
how to stop being afraid of being cheated on?
I (30F) have been dreaming about my ex(33M) for a few days
My (25) Bf (30) likes his ex’s selfies on Instagram. Am I overreacting?
Pushed away my date, cause she had feelings for her ex
[30M] Started seeing a girl [25F] recently. I like her, but she seems like, really co-dependent already.
Life experience
Kamal is best acter
Advice about supporting partner who has been abused (physically, emotionally)
how do i spend more time with my girlfriend who is spending time with her bff
Advice about supporting partner who has been abused (physically emotionally)
I can’t get over something my boyfriend did
I (18M) feel "stuck" in relationship with my asian parents.
Advice for supporting a partner who has been abused (physically, emotionally, sexually)
I'm constantly getting jealous of my boyfriend's purchases
The girl my girlfriend cheated on her ex with has been texting her?!
My (25m) girlfriend (w22) and I are looking for our first flat, but we experience a lot of relationship issues and now I'm not sure if moving in is the right decision.
Help
Me [23, M] with my GF [21 F] of 3 years are having troubles in our relationship with trust issues we don't know what to do?
Help
Help
My girlfriend and I have mismatched libidos. Need tips on approaching a conversation / dealing with it.
Girlfriend (20F) of three years won't stop hanging out with friend (20M) that very clearly has feelings for her.
I [M27] was in a relationship I should've never been in [F26].
I [M27] was in a relationship I should've never been in [F26].
Boyfriends Co-workers don’t know me but talk about me
In a relationship you have no place being in.
I am in love with my best friend but should I date him?
I am in love with my best friend but should I date him?
how do i spend more time with my girlfriend when she wants to also spend time with her best friend
My (23 F) boyfriend (24 M) hates when I want to sleep with him on the phone if I’m scared
How do I[18f] get over an unrealistic crush on a close friend[21m]?
Dirty talk with friends brother
How do I[18F] get over an unrealistic crush on someone[21F] I talk to daily?
My (23 F) boyfriend (24 M) hates when I want to sleep with him on the phone if I’m scared
Does my boyfriend [27M] want to be with me [21F]
girlfriend spends more time with her friend with than me, dont know what to do do help me spend more time with her
Hey, Relationship Coach here and happy to help you guys out right now
Do girls find attractive a guy that doesn’t use social media much or post on social media ?
LGBT stories: How a lesbian couple hides in a country where they are persecuted
Me 23 [m] talking to long time friend 23 [f] who sits mixed signals
is my boyfriend tired of me all of a sudden?
gf spends more time with best friend than me
Is it acceptable to speak to a third party about relationship problems
Got some much needed closure tonight. What’s next?
Did I Meet My Soulmate on Xbox?
Got some much needed closure tonight. What next?
Did I Meet My Soulmate on Xbox?
girlfriend doesn't spend time with me
My boyfriends sister forced me to apologize to her
How do you go back to a normal relationship after cheating
During initial dating phase, I [32M] made up(faked) past relationships to make me look more desirable to my current GF[31F]. Planning our wedding now, feeling horribly guilty. Should i come clean or sweep it under the carpet ?
(X-POST FROM r/relationship_advice) I (18m) spoke intimately with and later rejected and hurt a guy I met online (18m as well) while in a LDR with my bf (20m)
Me [25 f] with my quarantine "work pal" [46m] - took co-working too far and am now in a virtual quagmire
Mom [47F] found out that I [19F] am sending nude pictures to a guy from internet. Now, I feel so uncomfortable and embarrassed.
hotel rooms
My [24F] bf [23M] wants to give me a second chance.
My religious conservative mom [47F], found out that I was sexting and sending nudes to some guy. [19F] I feel embarrassed.
What to text a guy who’s been going through tough times without sounding distant?
Being friends whit unstable ex
What are some good ways to cope with anger issues or any kind of emotion related issues?
What to say to a man who is going through a lot and needs uplifting?
What are some good ways to cope with anger issues or any kind of emotion related issues?
Trying to keep a friendship after a breakup
How would y'all feel in her [22F] shoes? Me [25M]
My best friend of 4 years (44M) keeps telling me (31F) that we’re in a relationship and sexual stuff
It’s a basic question: Does she like me or not? (Hope you’re entertained by my story!)
[M/28] broke up with [F/27] and feeling awful about it
This is a pretty basic question but I hope I get some answers: Does she like me? (Hope you enjoy my story!)
Do I need to work on my communication skills?
my ex left me because i have herpes and i’m still heartbroken
It’s the most basic question I could ask on here but I need to know: Does she like me? (Hope you enjoy my story!)
Is it unreasonable to let my friend (22f) know that I(23m)don't trust her after she lied to me in order to avoid hurting my feelings
How would y'all feel in her [22F] shoes? Me [25M]
Is it unreasonable to let my friend (22f) know that I(23m)don't trust her after she lied to me in order to avoid hurting my feelings
Is it unreasonable to let my friend know that I don't trust her after she lied to me in order to avoid hurting my feelings
I’m so on and off with how i feel about my girlfriend, i love her to bits but..?!
I suffer from borderline personality disorder. Is there any hope that I can build a loving, healthy relationship?
How can my best friend and I move forward after blurring the lines emotionally?
Me (17M) have been having frequent arguments with my (16F) girlfriend about her guy friends and how she seeks validation from other guys.
Everything Just Got So Complicated, and I Can't Tell What the Right Thing To Do Is Anymore. Please Help me.
Ppl in interracial relationships, how do you talk to your partner about race?
I cut contact with a girl/flirt to get back together with my ex, because she begged me.
Boyfriend doesn't want me to visit because of COVID
First tinder date + experiment
Ppl in interracial relationships, how do you talk to your partner about race?
I [27F] slept with my wedding boudoir photographer a few days before I married to my husband [28M]. Married last year, together 6 years
I broke up (28F) with my (28M) boyfriend due to lack of attention from hin
My brother is a neet and hes torturing our parents
How do my best friend and I move forward after emotionally blurring the lines?
Mad at the boyfriend, sleeping on the sofa tonight
I broke up (28F) with my (28M) boyfriend due to lack of attention
Sleeping on the sofa tonight because I’m mad at my boyfriend (32M)
How do I (F23) recover from the anxieties I have from my previous relationship?
Sleeping on the sofa tonight because I’m mad at my boyfriend
How do I (F23) recover from the anxieties I have from my previous relationship?
Need advice on moving on from Childhood hurt/death of Parent - how to go forward.
I (F28) think he (M37) could have been the one but I f it up.
Boyfriend (M 21) insanely mean sometimes, either offer to breakup, or apologizes and is super sweet, and I can't ever leave him?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
Trying to see this from all perspectives: is commenting on someone's photo cheating?
GORGEOUS girl, GARBAGE accent
My girlfriend texted another guy on ig
Texting anxiety
My girlfriend F(20) has told me m(20) that she is more sexual attracted to women than males. I don’t know how to take this in or how to work with it
My boyfriend (M 21) is awful. Insanely mean, but I (F 20) wont let him break up with me? What's wrong with me?
My (M20) mom (F45) thinks I’m a disappointment of a brother and wants to form an artificial relationship with my little brother
I (28F) don’t understand why he’s (30M) still talking to me so much
My boyfriend likes my friend?
I’m (23F) almost positive my boyfriend’s (25M) gay best friend (28M) is in love with him
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
How to romance in love?
Need suggestion
GORGEOUS girl, HORRIBLE accent
How can I get out of a family vacation my mom wants to take during a pandemic?
I couldn’t find a place to ask for advise
How can I set healthy boundaries with my (22F) friend (23M) who’s in love with me?
How can I set healthy boundaries with my (22F) friend (23M) who’s in love with me?
How can I deal with my mom wanting to go on a family vacation during a pandemic?
I (24F) have a father (55M) that’s dying from cirrhosis of the liver. I haven’t seen him since I was 8 years old.
Had sex with a guy, his girlfriend is really nice.
I couldn’t find any other place to post this, need your advise please
I [23F] am falling for my best friend [22M] and don’t know what to do
My bf beat my dog
Help ending long term relationship?
need help mentally preparing to break up with my partner
i need some relationship opinion.
How do I (23F) respond to an ex (30M) attempting to contact me after a bad breakup?
Who can I [24M] talk to about my girlfriend’s [21F] dad [40’sM] disrespectful attitude towards me?
I (18F) am trying to get out of two toxic friendships
I [22m] lied to my girlfriend [20f] about my past (abusive) relationship at the beginning of our relationship and now she won't forgive me and trust me after 6 month of our relationship what should I do?
My (24f) mum (59f) is a compulsive hoarder, how to intervene?
Girlfriend and I had a huge misunderstanding today, what can I do to fix this? (21F) (21M)
My (24f) mum (59f) is a compulsive hoarder, how to intervene?
Sexual Frustration from my boyfriend [M,21] due to my[F,22] sexual trauma
I [34F] don’t know how to stand up to my roommate [27F].
I (22F) get upset/anxious when my partner (21M) drinks a six pack or more of alcohol if it’s above 6%
Dating in cycles? Am I the only one?
I (22F) get upset/anxious when my partner (21M) drinks a six pack or more of alcohol if it’s above 6%
Where should my relationship be after 6 months?
My boyfriend [23M] of 6 years is having commitment issues w/ marriage.
I [24/M] want my friend [23/F] to take my virginity. I know it's a bad idea.
I (22m) have been in a relationship with my girlfriend (31f) for going on ten months now. I'm not feeling sexually satisfied in the relationship will it pass?
Where should I ideally be 6 months into my relationship
Is he moving too fast?
Has anyone find out who there true friends are during covid?
My (18M) friend (19M) told me that he likes me and our friendship has not been the same since then. I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
What should I [17F] do about quarantine urges to text my [17M] crush?
I (23f) accidentally said “I love you” to bf (23m) after five months of dating
My boyfriend of 6 years [23M] having commitment issues w/ marriage.
F(17) Girlfriend’s Step Dad(M60) sexually harassing her
I (23F) Accidentally said “I love you” to bf (23M) after 5 months of dating
My(19F) boyfriend's (21M) mom is dying. I want to help him cope with this.
My friend [29M] wants to "win back" his GF[26F] of 2 years back after she said she wanted to break up, by changing himself radically... is that a good idea, and what are his options?
How do I confront my neighbors about their cat?
I [20F] think my boyfriend of six months [19M] is abusive. What do I do?
Thinking a lot about the first time I said "I love you". Was it this powerful for everyone?
M[20] My Gf [19] keeps sending her guy friends pics
My (25 F) boyfriend (24 M) has no direction in life, and then dropped the bomb that he wants to just take off and move across the world. Need advice.
I (29F) was threatened online years ago, and now struggle to become comfortable with being confident/sexy with my bf (33M).
Why do I keep on failing at advancing relationships?
My husband 31 feels second fiddle (I'm 28) we've known each other for 6 years and been married almost 2 years. I don't know where to start to change. I'll elaborate in the post.
Why do I keep on failing at advancing relationships?
I [20F] think my boyfriend [19M] of six months may be abusive. What do I do?
I [19M] am so fucking angry and I don't know what to do anymore. I want to improve to better my relationships but where do I go?
Why do I keep on failing at advancing relationships?
My husband feels second fiddle
[20]M gf [19]F sending pics to other guys
Being left out
How can I (20M) not be creepy DM guy with her (22f)?
I (19F) just found out that the (26M) I slept with has a girlfriend. And I don't know if I should tell her, or him or just stay out of it
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to serve a loyal mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
Dishonest third party
What should I do?
Me (29F) and boyfriend (29M) of 8 years, how do I get over him saying that I'm "slightly above average?" and other insecurities
My bf went to a happy ending massage parlor and idk how to feel...?
Observed possible domestic abuse and not sure I did the right thing
How do I (21 M) tell my girlfriend (23 F) that she’s really toxic?
My boyfriend said he used to go to a happy ending massage parlor... idk how to feel?
I (31f) tried to tell my boyfriend (31f) of 2 years that I felt unsafe because of his actions in a parking lot. He refused to acknowledge it and instead acted like I was ridiculous. It feels like he’s not respecting my boundaries, but I can’t even tell anymore.
I’m not sure if I (19f) can do anything to fix my relationship with my ex (22m)
Should I (16M) ask her out and show a second time and show my feelings, potentially ruining the relationship, or keep this inside me and maintain the status quo?
I think my (F,26) boyfriend’s (M,27) friend (M,24) might like me. Am I seeing things?
Observed possible domestic violence, not sure I did the right thing
Ex’s spouse messaged me
Happy in my relationship but still have feelings for someone else..
The first time we said "I love you"
How do I (20'sF) get over my boyfriend (20'sM) saying my looks are slightly above average, and other stupid insecurities?
Call me 😳🤪
I (23m) am having problems with everyone
My (17) gf(17) plans on going to college in Canada. This also happens to be close to where her ex of 3 years lives.
Am I right to feel angry at my (now ex) boyfriend for holding in how he felt?
Am I right to feel angry at my (now ex) boyfriend for holding in how he felt?
A dear friend who’s in desperate need of support.
An old coworker (F) I’ve been friends with for a long time wants to come see me (M) alone across the country. She’s married. Ladies, what do I do?
How do I (20F) approach this situation with my ex (21M)?
Becoming a friend (M25) to my ex (F23)
Massive crush on friend of friend (25 f)
I (28f) told his (30m) mom and sister that he cheated...we reconciled but now he found out and he's furious.
Is it ever right to yell at a partner when they’re in pain?
I don’t know what to do or if there’s anything I can do.
My boyfriend (24M) only cares about me (24F) after I breakup with him.
It ever right to be yelled at by a partner when they’re in pain?
An old co-worker (married) and I always talk and I don’t know how if I’m doing something wrong.
I [27F] caught feelings for my best friend [29 M]
My dad calls me five times a day and I won't pick up the phone
AITA for not picking my phone when my dad calls
Would it be reasonable to block this girl for trying SO HARD to be in a relationship with me?
I need help...
What should I do now?
BF’s sister (26f) asks me(26f) to make BF (27m) spend more time with their parents (60f/72m)
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] has social anxiety and won't take his medicine
I (39f) always end up feeling too guilty to fully leave him (46m)....it's just a sad, ruined life.
BF’s sister (26f) asks me (26f) to make BF (27m) spend more time with their parents
I get the feeling my teacher doesn't like me very much..
How to get an ex back
Apology or no?
Empty condom box
My [25m] girlfriend [22f] threatens to break up with me if I don't like her favorite movie.
Told my boyfriend I was going for patio drinks with 1 person. He asked if I would be safe. I came home and now have to sleep in guest bed.
I sometimes hold a grudge.
My friend is missing, and I’m not sure what to do next.
My [30f] boyfriend [29m] of 5 years never makes plans or initiates conversations about our future. Feeling like I have to make 100% of all the big decisions or nothing will ever happen.
My friend (25F) wanted me to apologize when I wasn't wrong. I (25F) didn't and called her for baiting me into an argument because of her bad mood.
i feel guilty
My friend is missing, what should I do next?
Help on getting your girlfriend back
Girlfriend [22f] threatens to breakup with me [25m] if I don't like her favorite movies.
I’m a girl (21) who needs advice about a girl (23)
Empty condom box
Do East and South East asian girls like Indian Guys (South Indian)?
I (23F) regret marrying my husband (25M) of 6 months because he hates traveling.
(21M) In need of Help/Advice
Perfect guy with health condition. What should I do?
When a man responds to a chick , do they at times mean two different things ? Let me explain ...
I (33M) am dating a (31F) who chews loudly is this an irritation that I can learn to ignore?
I've (30M) been thinking about reconnecting with a very old friend (30F) who I cut out of my life 5 or 6 years ago. She was a bit toxic but we're a lot older now.
Perfect guy with health condition. I'm torn and need your help
Empty condom box
I (33M) am dating a (31F) who chews loudly is this an irritation that I can learn to ignore?
I (M35) On 6.8.19 life saved by ex, on 6.8.20 I found out about her cancer/chemo diagnosis (really confused)
I (33M) am dating a (31F) who chews loudly is this an irritation that I can learn to ignore?
Dating woman who chews loudly is it something I can learn to ignore?
My little brother is bisexual
I (M28) am thinking about breaking up with my (F29) partner of 4 years.
I have a boyfriend(2X,M) , but I don't know if I love him. Am I(2X,F) in love with my best friend(2X,F), or am I an idiot?
My little brother thinks he may be bisexual
My (25F) SO (23m) is asking me to stay the night over although we're supposed to be "just friends" for now and I'm conflicted.
I (M28) am thinking about breaking up with my (F29) partner of 4 years.
My Story (Hard to Explain) Question: What do I do now?
How do you deal with someone like this?
Two best friends (24f) ghosted me (24f) three years ago and I’m still hurt. How do I get over it?
My [21f] friend [24m] doesn’t talk to me much anymore and acts like I don’t exist
Me[26m] with my asian [23f] partner, who i suspect is a gold digger
Me[26m] with my asian [23f] partner
Girlfriend always text argues with me, needs reassurance, I am always to blame, I always feel the guilt
My brother (19M) is TOXIC. How can I get my mum to hear me out and help me?
My relationship :)
I have a boyfriend(2X,M) , but I don't know if I love him. Am I(2X,F) in love with my best friend(2X,F), or am I an idiot?
I've (30M) been thinking about reconnecting with a very old friend (30F) who I cut out of my life 5 or 6 years ago. She was a bit toxic but we're a lot older now.
My Father might have High Functioning Autism
My brother (19M) is ruining my (20F) life! He’s toxic how do I explain this to my mum so she can help!!
I [29] found out my Fiance [33] has been sharing our intimate details with his friends
It may be funny or romantic
My boyfriend's (24M) mom hates me (23F) because of my ethnicity and religion, and she's never even met me! What should I do?
Mother/daughter relationship is almost non-existant, how do I overcome childhood trauma she caused.
Dear boy from chem recitation
I think my (20F) ex boyfriend (22M) had been using dating apps our whole relationship. Please help me.
Dear boy from chem recitation
I think my (20F) ex boyfriend (22M) had been using dating apps our whole relationship. Please help me.
Girlfriend (25) wants me (27) to draw boundaries with my bestfriend (27) and I'm unsure how to proceed.
Dear Boy from chem recitation
I got ghosted by my best friends three years ago and I’m still hurt. How do I get over it?
I want to apologize to a girl I really liked. I was really harsh to her.
Dead Boy from Chem Recitation
My friend ghosted me and our friend group and I don’t know what to do.
Friend cut whole group off.
How to Politely get out of going to the Bridal Shower and Bachelorette Party?
Girlfriend argues about everything, makes me feel guilty about everything, always has trust issues with me, needs reassurance - Need Help BADLY
Is it okay to stay in a relationship I think is doomed?
How to Politely get out of going to the Bridal Shower and Bachelorette Party?
How to Politely get out of going to the Bridal Shower and Bachelorette Party?
My husband [36M] can't finish a single project and it's getting out of hand
My Fiance keeps sharing our intimate details with his group of friends
I (27f) moved across the country to be with my fiancé (35m) but I don’t want to live here
Are these signs she likes me?
Can you regain attraction for your partner?
Does he actually like me? Or is he just confused?
I [18M] Feel Awkward About Acting Older in Front of Family
Are these signs my co-worker likes me?
My 22(M) boyfriend doesn’t offer to buy food and I’m usually left paying for things
Does he actually like me? Or is he just confused?
Should I (28f) ask a guy (29m) if he is still interested/what he exactly wants (again)
I (23F) can’t tell if the guy (26F) I like is playing me or is genuine and has a fear of attachment.
My girlfriend (20F) talks to her past lovers and her Ex-boyfriends and it bothers me (20M)
I (23F) can’t tell if I’m being played by a guy (26F) I really like or if he just has fears of attachment.
My Gf (20f) let's her best friends brother (17m) make inappropriate comments to her, and it makes me uncomfortable
Should I tell my PO that my wife is abusive towards me?
M18 - F18 Need advice on what to do next
My (38M) daughter (15F) still won't talk to me over a week after walking in on me having sex
My [21f] “ex” [20m] and I recently admitted we still both had feelings for each other. Now he won’t talk to me. Did I do something wrong?
my friend (14M) has been using my (14F) money and i’m not sure how to feel about it
Lack of intimacy and isolation during the pandemic
Female friend [33/F] liked 30 of my pics in a row, then ghosted me. Any idea why?
How do deal with prejudice from family?
[M4F] Why I had no luck with relationships? My 1st relationship lasted 6 years and all following relationships lasted no more than a year. What am I doing wrong and what is everyone else doing right to to have a long and lasting healthy relationship or marriage?
How do deal with prejudice from family
Getting involved w someone you had a crush on while in a relationship?
How to deal with prejudice from my family?
I ( 30M) in relationship with (27F) who has fibro, and seems to be mostly depressed...
Why did he block me?
Love story: When my gf tried to come to sweden.
Please help. My BIL (white 46M) wants to learn / talk about race with me (not white 30M). I’m afraid of screwing this up.
Why did he block me?
i (14F) don’t know what to do about my friend (14M) taking my money
Any advice appreciated. BIL (white 46M) wants to learn / talk about race (not white 30M). I don’t want to screw this up.
Getting involved w someone you previously had a crush on after another relationship?
Why tho
Hypocrite and asshole vs learning from his mistakes. How do I stop it?
Why thoooo
Partner (24m) knows I (24m) need more communication but doesn't change at all
She (20 F) snapped at me (20 M) when I asked her a question
My boyfriend forgot our anniversary
My boyfriend forgot our anniversary
My brother (26M) won't let my mother (48F) hold his one week old baby.
(21M) In need of Help/Advice
My room mate(19F) demands that I(19F) pay half of her rent because we will be gone for the first 3 months of the lease
My close friend started dating my old FWB... Is it okay that I'm upset?
So many crushes...
Help: My sister keeps lying about her academics & I don't know what is up.
Boyfriend (28M) thinks I'm lazy bc I (25F) take naps/sleep in
So many crushes...
I (24/F) am conflicted about whether or not I should go on a date with this guy(28/M)?
My [27m]best friend[26M] is abandoning me for his girlfriend[25]
I (24/F) am conflicted about whether or not I should go on a date with this guy(28/M)?
M18 - F18 Space or should I contact her
Husband's parents want to give him a house but won't let me be on the deed
Would you be upset if your friend started dating your old FWB?
Husband wants me to move into a house that I will never own. Help?
I feel like I'm overprotective
Husband's parents want to give him a house but won't let me be on the deed
How do I end the friendship between my next door neighbor and I?
Friend ghosted me
In Need of Help/Advice
Am I [29M] wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend [30F] for misguidedly trying to help me lose weight and solve all my problems?
My [24F] mom [56F] told me today in the heat of an argument that my dad walked out on me and her when I was a baby (but came back). What do I do with that?
I feel like I'm overprotective
Do you think my name is the reason I get ignored in class?
Am I [29M] wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend [30F] for misguidedly trying to help me lose weight and solve all my problems?
I (24M) Can't Decide If I Should Attend Estranged Uncle (50M)'s Wedding
What should I do?
I(M/21yo) am afraid that my gf(F/23yo) is dependent on me emotionally. And that I am dependent on her.
Close friend/FWB got BF, my heart is broken. She’s one of the few people I see during quarantine.
I (19F) want to tell my male classmates (2 19M and one 21M) to stop speaking about things like female body parts and stop shaming me and my classmates for the things we wear.
I (25/F) am not sure how to handle this situation with the guy that I've been dating (28/M)
How to I tell my friend I dont want to be her Maid of Honor?
I (19M) have liked a girl (18F) for a year and want to make a move, but is it too late?
How to I tell my friend I dont want to be her Maid of Honor?
I (23F) am struggling to maintain a healthy relationship with my sister (24F)
Is this forgivable?
Husband and I disagree on having kids
How the fuck do I (19m) quit my job working for my dad (61m)????
What kind of behaviour is this - is this normal?
How to make my ex bf lose job
I (21m) was threatened by father (60m) with a death threat. Is it legitimate?
What should I do?
I [31F] need to be less passive-aggressive with [32M], but I don't know how else to communicate with him
My [28m] sister [12f] says she has a hard time sleeping when I don't stay the night at home.
My (23F) bf (24) and I seem to hang out a lot less than other couples our age... is there something wrong?
Can a husband ever win a discussion with his wife?
I (21m) was threatened by father (60m) with a death threat. Is it legitimate?
My (30 M) Girlfriend (30 F) Has High Expectations but won't Make our Relationship a Priority
My boyfriend (24/M) and I (27/F) are considering to move together
My (20F) stepdad (39M) threatened to kill my mom (36F) during an argument.
I (21m) was threatened by father (60m) with a death threat. Is it legitimate?
UPDATE: My (23F) brother (27M) didn't defend his fiance from our mother and now he blames me for talking to her about my mom
Best way to end a toxic friendship
What’s the worst thing a family member has done that you’ve forgiven them for?
Should I (20F) ghost a guy (20M) from my school??
How do get my ex bf lose job
I (17M) feel like I am not good enough for my (16F) girlfriend
Should I ghost him (20F)
Help
Girlfriend letter question ?
best way to cut off a toxic friendship?
Would you consider that cheating? F(24) M(24)
Was the boundary crossed?
Girlfriend Letter Question
Me and my girlfriend broke up 2 weeks ago. She hasn’t spoken to me since. Advice on letter
He shoved me and hurt me and now wants to apologize
I [21F] have no personal relationships besides my family, coworkers, and therapist.
Should I trust my GF if she set a transactional tone from the beginning of our relationship and lied to me/manipulated me with respect to a big life decision?
I [21] have no personal relationships besides my family, coworkers and therapist.
The guy[23M] I'm seeing thinks my[22F] friend[22M] is dangerous and I don't know how to handle it
[22M] Im recently single and one of the reasons we broke up was i wasn't emotional enough. This seems to be a trend with my exes saying that. How do I be more emotional?
Husband (37M) takes over for me (36F) when he doesn't like how I'm doing something
How do I (22M) proceed after this girl (21F) flaked on me ?
Should I trust anything my girlfriend says?
forcing to marry
Is it bad for me (22f) to talk to my partner (27m) even though he seems to not want to speak to me right now?
UPDATE - My [36 F] BIL [35 M] is in his first relationship with a [23F] and it seems to be extremely toxic
My boyfriend (24/M) and I (27/F) are considering to move together
Need help deciphering the relationship between coworker (21F) and I (21M)
Is it okay to give up?
There is this girl I like, and I am not sure if she likes me more than a friend.
Is it bad for me (22F) to try talking to my partner (27M) even though it seems he doesn't want to?
my father (52M) cheated and my mom (54F) wants me (22F) to forgive him
I asked my boyfriend for some space and his reaction was to lock himself in the room and tell me “he needs space”
Why can't I (22F) stop thinking about my male best friend (23M) even when I'm not romantically interested in him?
I (25f) want the best for me for him (33m) and for us.
I (28M) think I am having mixed feelings about the woman (27F) I like
I think I screwed up my relationship
Is it okay to give up? F21, M22
Is it possible to be married but be in love with someone else??
I need advice please.
My father (52) cheated 12 years ago and my mother (54) wants me (22F) to forgive him
Boyfriend (25M) reunited with old friend (32F), they now hang out every weekend. How concerned should I (22F) be?
I’m (F23) content being quiet at work while my coworker (F50s) talks about anything and everything all the time.
I've started to develop feelings for my cousins girlfriend!
How can I (51M) mend ties with my daughter (17F) after years of severing them
I really like my cousins girlfriend and don't know what to do!
Is ok to give up?
The girl I am dating is going through a lot right now and I feel like I can't help her.
My (24) BF (20) sulks a lot, i always initiate making up. Tired of this cycle.
My girlfirend has deep rooted abandonment issues
i need some advice, is lockdown driving me nuts?
my girlfriend has deep rooted abandonment issues I don't know what to do
I'm (24) always the one apologizing and making up with my BF (20) whenever he sulks cause i bring up issues.
Is this a good breakup text?
My (20f) boyfriend (35m) says he has to think about whether he’ll still be attracted to me when I’m 30
I (16F) recently cut off my best friend (16M) of 4 years. I am very afraid for the upcoming school year, especially because he was chosen as the new leader of my favorite club instead of me. How do I handle seeing him again?
AITA for breaking up with my boyfriend because he made derogatory comments about a junior worker?
I (20F) can't stop thinking about my FWB co-worker (21M)
My SO(39M) wants to homeschool our future children and I(27F) don’t.
Advice on boyfriend’s secret Instagram fetish account
Have you ever felt cared for but in the wrong way?
Some of my friends are acting like children, and having to be “mom” whenever they’re making bad decisions is starting to put a strain on our friendship.
Advice needed on boyfriend’s secret fetish Instagram
Have you ever felt cared for in the wrong way?
Am I the jerk for breaking up with my boyfriend because he made derogatory comments about a junior worker?
Have you ever felt cared for in the wrong way?
My (F25) boyfriend (M25) won’t come see me, but expects me to travel to him.
developing crush on language exchange partner/friend
She's (24F) not over her ex and not looking for a relationship but wants to be friends after hooking up with me on a date (24M). How do I interpret this?
Close platonic friend [30M] no longer seems interested in my [28F] friendship now that he's talking to his ex
I (20F) can't get a FWB co-worker (21M) out of my head
I am 31 [m] and i feel old but I lost 2 years coma
Men, why do you not trust women?
I’m (F23) very content being quiet at work while my coworker (F50s) talks about anything and everything all the time.
Don’t know what to do please help.
Don’t know what to do please help.
How does it feel to have people who you are close to?
starting to crush on language exchange partner/friend
How do I deal with feelings for a coworker?
UPDATE: I'm [F/27] back in the states away from my "abuser" [M/34]
What does it mean when a girl calls you "cute"?
My (23F) boyfriend (23) just physically hurt me for the first time and I'm not sure what to make of it
I'm (19 F) bisexual and my boyfriend (20 M) shamed me after a joke with his mother. I don't know how to get over this.
When the feelings are there on both sides but a relationship would never work
Setting myself up for failure? 30F and 33M
My [30/F] friend [33/F] liked 30 of my IG pics in a row then ghosted me.
My (f/21) bf (m/22) acts like he’s special in the relationship.
Has anyone tried manifestation in a relationship standpoint?
When you both have feelings but the relationship would be impossible
Worried about my [18M] ex [19F] dating someone new, but not because I want her back...
Can you regain attraction to your partner?
Worried about my [18M] ex [19F] dating someone new, but not because I want her back
Worried about ex dating someone new, but not because I want her back...
Idk why I have like a gut feeling that I shouldn’t trust my gf even tho she did nothing wrong
Idk why I have like a gut feeling that I shouldn’t trust my gf even tho she did nothing wrong
Is it too late to save it?
Can you regain attraction?
Ex (F24) contacted me (F22) and remembering our relationship made me realize I’m not in love with my partner (F26)
Should I try to make up with my roommate?
Expressing emotions in a healthy manner. How to?
Should I (38 M) stay with my Wife (41 F) of 11 years?
I(20M) think that my dad is a bit overbearing and affecting my relationship with my (19/F) girlfriend a little bit
My (34m) wife (34f) spends most of the day in bed
Are toothgaps on guys unatractive?
Interpersonal relationships meet mental instability
Am I [F20] being too sensitive when my [M21] bf leaves the conversation while we were on the phone when I am talking about something that I'm passionate about?
My (F22) boyfriend's (M24) mom (F50's) gets upset when we cook in her house among other things.
Am I [F20] being too sensitive when my bf [M21] does this?
Me (18/M) and my girlfriend broke up (18/F)
Me (18/M) and my girlfriend broke up (18/F)
Almost 23 and never been kissed.
My (22F) boyfriend's (24M) mom gets upset when we cook in her house among many other things.
Almost 23 and never been kissed.
Boyfriends house is a mess
Dating with chronic mental illness
I[28M] took my fiancee[29F] surname
She (27F) is married but still on meeting app
How do I (M/24) handle bitterness and resentment towards woman due to rejection and bullying during adolescence?
UPDATE: how do I tell my friend I don’t want to be an adult flower girl in her wedding?
Am I overthinking boyfriend's behavior?
I had a bad breakup and I made a list of things to do to get over it. What would add?
UPDATE: how do I tell my friend I don’t want to be an adult flower girl in her wedding?
College coming soon
If we break up, I’ll probably be homeless. But should I still go for it?
(26f/28m) Saw some texts between my bf and his ex and feeling a type of way.
Family wants me back, I can't cope with that
My girlfriend's [22F] father [50M] hates that she is dating me [22F]
How to know if you’re being overly sensitive in a relationship
Social Isolation has deadened my erotic desire for my wife
My girlfriend's [22F] dad [50M] absolutely hates that she is dating me [22F]
She (27f) is married but still on meeting app
My (25f) bf (24m) asked a girl for nudes
(20F) (16M) Worried about my brothers recent preoccupation with self image.
Did I just forced him to cheat on his girlfriend, or did he seduced me to cheat on his boyfriend?
Is it frowned upon to wear the same bridesmaid dress in two weddings where the brides know each other?
Is this a strange relationship between my new crush and his sister?
I (27/M) had been hanging out with this great girl (22/F) and she seemed to have abruptly lost interest and now "literally doesn't care." Potentially sabotaged by another 'friend' (22/F)
(22 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
Is it frowned upon to wear the same bridesmaid dress in two weddings where the brides know each other?
My (31/M) LDR (26/F) girlfriend becomes upset anytime I make plans with friends
My husband(30) isn’t taking my(27) pregnancy scare seriously.
I (21F) find a lot of things my boyfriend (21M) does weird and disheartening.
(23 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
Seeking Advice on Losing Best Friends
Is my wife crazy? Or am I?
Social Isolation has deadened my erotic desire for my wife
Could this be thought of as overly sensitive?
Sensitive Behavior
Should I [M19] start texting the girl [F19] I had a crush on again after a long time of no contact?
(23 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
(23 f) How important is sexual passion to you in a serious relationship?
Am I being too sensitive or is this wrong?
Dating my [Female/25yo] BFF’s exFWB
Being too sensitive?
Being too sensitive?
Being too sensitive?
Boyfriend (30M) and I(26M) in a LDR that doesn't feel like a real relationship to me. Am I over reacting?
My girlfriend [21F] changes when around a certain friend of hers, to someone I [22M] I don’t know I can be with
How to tell my husband something without hurting his feelings
How do you get closure from a past fwb relationship without talking to them and making it worse? TW: mentions of sexual assault
Dating my BFF’s ex-FWB
Is it normal for your significant other to immediately just to “lets just break up” anytime something goes wrong?
I don’t know if I’m crazy or not. I feel like I might love my friend but I don’t think he cares about me.
My 5y relationship didnt survive quarantine, partly because I have MS, and partly because my ex lies a lot. We're stuck living together bc of COVID. He moved on within days of us breaking up but continues to lie to me about it. Am I right in being upset? (NewToReddit)
Me (23M) and my girlfriend (22F) have been dating for over 2 and a half years, now we are getting more serious and discussing marriage.
I [18M] have had no luck finding or dating any significant other and it is hurting my self esteem.
If women wants to cut off from a guy, do they block you from only one platform or every social media?
My (30F) mom (55F) is creating a toxic environment because of her beliefs, causing a rift in our family.
I f25 just got in a relationship with m28 and the sex isnt great. I need advice.
Messed up a friendship during high school six years ago. Still haven’t apologized Because I don’t know how
I f25 just started a relationship with m28 and the sex isn't great. I need advice.
Should I (22F) move in with my boyfriend (23M) after college?
I(23F) am in a polyamorous reationship with C(19F) and J(22M), I think our trouple would be more balanced if we added another M to the mix, is this a bad or a good idea? describe why
Am I (24/F) being irrational, jealous and controlling with my boyfriend (25/M)?
I [27M] and a close friend [28X] want to merge our finances but are worried that it might make dating weird
Dating with chronic mental illness
My [38m] wife [39f] told our daughter [12f] that I am not her biological father, and she was talking to him [40m] and her half-siblings [16f] [19f] behind my back, my daughter doesn't view me as her real dad anymore.
Am I being jealous and irrational?
Me(M17) and My bestfriend(F17) want to date and we have a year before we go to University in different countries but we have another friend which we don’t want to affect.
I (28/F) anticipate imminent conflict with sister-in-law that might damage the entire family dynamic if I do not set proper boundaries, soon.
I [25M] am extremely scared of being single forever, never meeting someone good for me... and it's really getting to me.
No contact?
My bf doesn’t find me attractive
Feeling resentful lately of my [F20s] boyfriend’s [M20s] passivity
I fell in love with my ex fiance's sister
My bf is not attracted to me
Is it true love when your significant other shaves your asshole?
Feeling (f30) unloved and unwanted by fiancé (m24)
My bf is not attracted to me
My GF (22) of two years and I (M,23) are about to go non monogamous. Is there anyone else with experience in this who can give us some advice?
Girlfriend (20F) and I (22M) are currently long distance, and she has become distant and says she wants to take a break.
I(30M) started dating my wife(28F) again but I have things I need to say but don’t know how.
Second guessing my [28F] relationship with my oldest sister [34f] due to opposing viewpoints
The girl I’ve been dating might be a big stalker. I need advice.
My [26M] GF [22F] attempted suicide yesterday and I'm not sure where to go from here
My girlfriend [F19] won’t take things to the next level with me [M19]
How do I deal with my 11 year old sister being an asshole?
Nsfw but is it true love when your bf shaves your asshole?
He (M25), and I’m (F30) not sure whose responsibility it is to repair the trust
Girlfriend (20F) and I (22M) are currently long distance, and she has become distant and says she wants to take a break.
Why did hookup [31M] seemingly end things but continue to text me [19F]?
To men who have had FMF threesomes, has anyone experienced their SO leaving them for the woman you had a threesome with?
Should I ask out this girl at work
I (19 F) still haven't gotten over something my ex bf (23) did to me when I was 16 and he was 19. He had sex with me when I was hammered and he was sober and I don't know how to feel about it or get over it. Advice on how to get over someone you loved hurting you like that?
Age gap matters? I’m (27 F) talking/seeing someone (20 M) younger than me, and I’m worried about the age gap (7 years) any advice please
3 way relationship...him, his dog and me
Just broke up (20F) with my BF (22M) in good terms. Any advice?
My [31f] boyfriend [35m] is texting constantly with another woman
I (20F) broke up with my bf (22M) because he didn't saw a future with me. Advice on how to get over it
Feel like I’m a whimp
My mom is stressing me to get a girlfriend when I have trust issues
I feel like I’m a pussy
My (F26) boyfriend (M31) did not stand up for me when his friend was rude to me. He tells me I should live and let live as her meanness is her way of banter, but it felt like he was justifying her actions. Am I overreacting?
I (20F) love going out on dates and doing fun activities and romantic gestures but I’m the only one who plans them usually to little to thanks or appreciation. I’d really appreciate some advice.
I (30 F) keep getting rejected by the men I date
Picture of 32nd and Broadway subway entrance needed
I (22m) am not able to decipher my crush’s (23f) behaviour.
I always get rejected by me
As an old (52f) newly single inexperienced woman, I'm afraid I'll be eaten alive (and not in a good way)
Age gap matters? I’m (27 F) talking/seeing someone (20 m), I’m worried about the age gap and if it’s possible to make it work at long term
My [32] boyfriend [36] repeatedly dumps me when I ask him about an issue we are having
My friend [23M] assured me [21F] previously he isn't getting into me but I feel like he is?
Having trouble setting boundaries with a longtime friend.
What to do when she(24F) says no but also expects me(25M) not to please myself
Me (19 male) and Ex (19 female) My 4 year relationship was a mess!
Broken
I (20F) love going out on dates and doing fun activities and romantic gestures but I’m the only one who plans them usually to little to thanks or appreciation. I’d really appreciate some advice.
Bad 4 year relationship. (Drop opinions down below)
I think I want to be with him
AGE GAP matters?
My boyfriend encourages me to get blackout drunk(without him)
FWB upset that I took a different girl to formal.
I (31m) am considering backing out of being best man at my best friend's (30m) wedding due to coronavirus concerns
Insight please
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
I (31m) am considering backing out of being best man at my best friend's (30m) wedding due to coronavirus concerns
Me 37/m and she is 32/F. Relationship hasn't been perfect after living with her for 1 year, and she just bought a house. Our rent for our condo is almost up, maybe 3 months left, and she wants me to pay for the last month or so. She's moving in there in a week or so.
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
My boyfriend encourages me to get blackout drunk(without him)
Curiousity
Why do sometimes best friends suddenly become strangers or even enemies?
My boyfriend encourages me to get blackout drunk(without him)
Am I a string along
Should we stay as friends for now
Clingy "friend"...possibly toxic?
My [23F] boyfriend [24M] only wants to invite one of his siblings [16F and 14M] to come camping with us
Clingy "friend"....possibly toxic?
Should we stay as friends?
I suddenly fell out of love with my girlfriend.
My (25M) best mate (25M) is distant with me since the my break-up. Is there anything I can do? Am I overthinking this?
Am I being petty?
My [28 M] partner and I [28] of 2 years cannot spiritually meet each other.
Other needs
Gf got kissed by another guy
How do I (M22) help my girlfriend (20F) stop obsessing over my past sexual partners?
Guy I [27F] started seeing [37-38M] wants to have three to four kids. How do I tell him that I don't want to see him any longer?
How do I help my girlfriend stop obsessing over my past sexual partners?
My gf got kissed by another guy
my current girlfriend is manipulative
Woke up to my(19M) Girlfriend (19F) cuddling with our friend(19M)
My wife is always a Mistress
My boyfriend dumps me repeatedly - every time he is angry, what do I do?
Tour of duty PTSD
I (22F) slept with someone else while broken up with my ex (25M) and now he wants to get back together
My G.F parent don't see me as a suitable partner for her and she is being pressured to leave me nad marry someone else
Wife always wants to be a Mistress HELP
G.F parents not agreeing on a marriage
Talking to my (30F) husband (31M) about his recent life changes
Overreacting?
He’ll never come back
Who is right in this situation ?
My (21F) boyfriend’s (24M) closest girl friend hates me for no reason.
Me and her only have been on our 6th date and she already gave me an ultimatum
I (20F) have lost interest in my boyfriend (22M) and I feel like a horrible person.
Me and this girl have only been on the 6th date and I got an ultimatum
How can I help my (F26) gf (F25) to come out to her family?
Tour of duty PTSD
I'm [20F] actually glad I was friendzoned by a guy [21M]
Inappropriate?
i find it really easy clicking with a group of people (enjoying my time) but really hard clicking 1 on 1 (actually being really intrested in them ) . Am i too picky ?
Am i problematic friend ?
I cheated in a ldr, what now?
Jealousy or Competitiveness
He’ll never come back
I’m [24] my girlfriend is [23] and begging for a baby?
My boyfriend refused to stop eating me after I came and told him to stop
Roommate insults me about weight
Should I reconcile with an ex friend?
I'm (25F) not sure if my bf (34M) is lying & manipulating me. Need advice what to do next
Should I reconcile with an ex friend
My girlfriend won’t have sex with me, why?
My girlfriend won’t have sex with me, why?
My ex is being cold and unengaged when we agreed to work on fixing our relationship.
Roommate insults my appearance
My girlfriend doesn’t want sex yet.
I (23m) asked my manager (28f) if she would like to go out with me. She accepted but tells me she has a boyfriend.
I (29/F) told my friend (34/M) of three years that I no longer want, and never did want, a play-by-play of each of his dates and random one night stands but he keeps disrespecting that boundary.
My cheating gf
Help with Compiling Narcissist Red Flags
I think my gf cheated on me. Change my mind
I (23m) asked a manager (28f) if she’d like to go out. She accepted but told me she has a boyfriend.
I (F22) miss this guy I was dating (M22) and I’d like to remain friends but..
I (F22) miss this guy I was dating (M22) and I’d like to remain friends but..
Isolated and always alone
Pretty sure my gf cheated on me. Change my mind.
My(27F) mother(57F) hid stage 4 lung cancer from me
My [22 M] girlfriend [19 F] continues to have doubts about our relationship for some hard-to-understand reasons. Are her friends manipulating her? Are these red flags?
My (24F) 6 year relationship with my BF (28M) is being ruined because his family is racist (and believes that Bill Gates wants to microchip us).
UPDATE: My (22m) friend (22f) got into a argument with her boyfriend over me and has now blocked me on all forms of social media.
I think I'm (24F) relying on my husband (23M) too much during our grieving period and I'm not helping him as much as I could be
My(27F) mother(57F) hid that she had stage 4 cancer from me
Follow Up: My (22m) friend (22f) got into a argument with her boyfriend over me and has now blocked me on all forms of social media.
I (25M) had a wonderful night with this girl (20f) that I've known for a while but she also happens to be the best friend of the last girl I dated. As you can imagine, something reminiscent of a college romantic drama played out.
My (27m) mom (63f) and brother (29m) aren’t talking and my mom wants me to fix it
My (27/F) boyfriend (29/M) solicited photos of paid content from a person he knew online. Is this cheating?
My boyfriend (23M) and I (19F) both acknowledge I love him more than he loves me.
My (M27) mom (f63) and brother (m28) aren’t talking and my mom keeps trying to get me to fix it and I cant
My boyfriend(23M) and I (19F) both acknowledge I love him more than he loves me. Am I doing something wrong? How can I change this?
I (35F) do not know how to handle my sister (31F) and it’s starting fights
Family dispute over relative [28m] who wants to fly cross-country to attend our yearly vacation during a global health crisis - am I [24f] the only one who sees a problem with this?
I (19F) love my boyfriend (23M) more than he loves me. Is this normal in a relationship?
Is this cheating?
I think I love my boyfriend more than he loves me. Is it normal to feel this way in a relationship?
My (32F) BF (39M) made a creepy, sexualized joke about my son (11M) and is now trying to guilt-trip me
I feel like my (19F) friend (23M) is unhealthily emotionally attached to me
I (19F) am worried about my friend (23M) becoming emotionally attached too quickly
How do I [20F] forgive my mother[43F]?
Boyfriend (22) wants to meet with other women.
Am I a bad person?
Guys only like me as a friend
My(19) GF(18), wants me to move in with her, or its over. I feel like this is very dramatic, and want Reddits opinion on my thoughts.
Me 23 [m] taking to long time friend 23 [f] says "there's something about you"
My [21F] Dad [53M] constantly brings up politics and it makes it hard for me to live with him.
Boyfriend (24M) upset about me (23F) having nudes of other men.
Girlfriend talking to her ex from high school
My boyfriend of a year (25m) wants to buy a house in his home country. I'm (25f) moving home at the end of the year and don't know what to say
Girlfriend reconnecting with ex from high school
I need help.
How do I find someone fitting as an introvert? [m31,0]
Am I a bad person?
I (27m) think my partner (26m) is trans* but doesn’t want to admit it. How can I support them?
I [27M] think my partner [26M] is trans* but doesn’t want to admit it. How can I best support them and ensure their happiness?
My (22f) bf (26m) dumped me after I got mad at him for liking other girls pictures
Me (22f) and my boyfriend (26m) broke up with me after I got mad at him for liking other girls pictures
Weird and unsatisfying relationships
My marriage of 8years is ending and I'm ok.
Me (22f) and my boyfriend (26m) broke up with me. Did I drive him to it?
How do I (19f) overcome comments my boyfriend (22m) has made in the past?
I [23F] havent been intimate with my bf [29M] for almost a month and I don't know how to bring up that its bothering me.
Is it a problem that I'm (19F) always "searching for a new mother" in every woman older than me?
My boyfriend (m24) of 7 years cheated on me (f24) with roommate(f22)
How do I (19f) overcome comments my boyfriend has made in the past?
A guy (33m) I (30f) just started dating seriously dumped me cause I support BLM
Guys only like me as a friend
Weird and unsatisfying relationships
Being called “weak” / “fragile” because I (22) am not just dealing with my girlfriends(24) attitude.
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] keeps disappearing throughout evenings and/or nights on weekends. Distant relationships
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] keeps disappearing throughout evenings and/or nights on weekends. Distant relationships
Me (24) still stuck to a guy (34) who ghosted me
Guys only like me as a friend
Is money important? My (24F) mother (53F) isn't very pleased with my current relationship.
I [19/F] came out to my bf [18/M] that I am bi
Me [25 M] mutually ended things with my gf [21 F] after 2 years, some of it long distance but she keeps messaging me everyday saying babe and i love you. What do?
Need help
Stuck to a guy who Ghosted me
Was it wrong of me for calling my GF emotionally abusive?
Is it bad that I can't trust my parents?
I (21m) am having trouble deciphering my crush’s (23f) behaviour.
My [23F] Online friend [22M] has been distant for the past couple of months, and keeps sending me H.
Long term friends now dating. Weird.
How to find someone good/fitting, although you are male and rather withdrawn?
Is it bad that I can't trust my parents?
My (45F) daughter (19F) wants to move in with her father (44M) who she’s only known for 3months.
My (25M) GF (23F) posted flirtatious picture with another guy on Instagram
My bf (30M) is a very negative person and I (30F) am having a hard time with that
Is it bad that I cannot trust my parents?
Long term friendship going romantic ... New territory for me.
Does anyone else have this? BF (17) GF (17)
Does anyone else have this? BF (17) GF (17)
GF Posting pics with other guy on Social Media, what should I do?
I (20M) told my 2-years best friend (20F) I liked her, but she told me she is in love with her other 4-year best friend
My [F24] younger brother [M15] has anger issues?
Me and boyfriend don't have same interests and usually run out of things to say
I Fell in Love With My Best Friend
I can't like my friend's dog and I'm afraid that's going to cause tension between us
Ex (M25) suddenly wants a relationship with me (F23) - I‘m not sure anymore....
Close friend used sexist and racist generalization after I tried defending myself...?
Me(17M) and my girlfriend(17F) recently completed 2.5 years together and sometimes i have a felling she's cheating on me!
Ex (M25) suddenly wants a relationship with me (F23) - but I'm not sure anymore (L)
I can't like my friend's dog and I'm afraid that's going to cause tension between us
My GF (24F) and I (28M) are always fighting, I think she is too controlling, but she thinks she loves me more than I love her.
My GF (24F) and I (28M) are always fighting, I think she is too controlling, but she thinks she loves me more than I love her.
Can I get all the countries?
calling my bf my beef
Can and should our relationship survive university?
I don’t even know
I've (22F) lost sympathy for my boyfriend (22M)
Extrovert 27f and introvert 29m relationship on the rocks after 3 years? Is it worth pursuing?
I (20M) told my best friend (20F) I liked her, but she told me she likes her other best friend
Celebrating fathers day after dad cheated on mom
Should I tell her about sexy messages?
My bestfriends birthday surprise
I (28M) told my friends (24F) girlfriend (26F) that she had told us (me and 50F) a really major secret and she broke up with her. Friend hates me.
My parents (50F & 56M) ignore my request after 2 years but do anything for my sister, 18
My mom (50) is a drunk and doesn't seem like shes supportive of my goals, but is with my sister (18)
My mum (57F) is always thinking that my dad (57M) is mistreating her, but from my (19M) perspective, it's not true
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I (26m) think my friend (26m) is jealous of the relationship I have with my boyfriend (25m).
(20M) I'm insanely jealous (even though I shouldn't be) and I don't know how to deal with it
I (26m) think my friend (26m) is jealous of the relationship I have with my boyfriend (25m).
My (29F) girlfriend (27F) has depression and I don't feel like I can handle it
So I [23M] finally decided that I need to forget my ex [22F]
I'm insanely jealous (even tho I shouldn't be) and I don't know how to deal with it, it's killing me
So I (23) finally decided that I need to forget my ex girlfriend(22)
My friends are meeting up without me
What will go in the mind of a non virgin wife (25 yrs) when she sees her exes in some occations? Will she get reminded of all the acts they explored together with them creating permanent memories? What will go in the mind of the exes?
Finally decided that I have to forget my ex girlfriend
Help! Sexual tension between best friend and I
My (29F) girlfriend (27F) is depressed and I don't think I can handle it
I(17F) think my boyfriend(17M) is cheating on me but I have no proof
I feel selfish
I’m (24F) pretty sure my husband (22M) is gay. TW;
My (26F) bf (30M) never stopped talking to his last fling (swears it is platonic) but hid it from me
I’m(f20), trying time deal with mother-in-law(f41) and my fiancé(m19) hanging up on me. I feel hopeless.
My boyfriend masturbates to other girls
Hi(f20), how do I deal with mother-in-law(f41) and fiancé(m19)
Going from friends to dating. What’s the next step? I’m absolutely clueless and in panic mode.
My boyfriend masturbates to other girls
I(F) think my boyfriend of nine months is cheating on me but I have no proof
Will I ever be ready?
Boyfriend's parents... Help?
My (35/M) step-daughter (15/F) told me that her mother (40/F) is cheating on me.
Going from friends to dating. What’s the next step? I’m absolutely clueless and in panic mode.
Need help from hacker to hack imessage
Boyfriend's parents... help?
I(22M) cant get over my first gf(24F)
My (25f) boyfriend (24m) does not say “I love you”
My new friend [24f] was threatened with revenge porn. The guy [27m] that did it is another friend's [25f] boyfriend, what should I do?
I [20F] had multiple rounds of unprotected sex over the course of 4 days with my boyfriend [20M].
Question about “double date”
My (25f) boyfriend (24m) does not/ will not say “I love you”
I (F21) am worried how far my boyfriend (22m) will go to people please
Question about “double date”
I (F21) am worried how far my boyfriend (22m) will go to be a people pleaser
I (M23) can't seem to forget an ex I want to forget (F26)
A new friend [25f] told me [24f] that a guy [27m] threatened to revenge porn her, this man is another friend's [25f] boyfriend. What should I do?
I'm(20F)going crazy me and my boyfriend(20M) can't agree on boundaries for a female friend(21F). Am I the crazy girlfriend?
Boyfriend of 1&1/2 years dumped me because we are going in different directions
My (29F) girlfriend and I (29F) haven't met yet. Am I being unreasonable?
My [33M] girlfriend [30F] had a previous relationship/fling with an extremely famous celebrity and was and still is a fan (follows and likes his instagram, etc.), should I be understanding since she doesn't like or contact him at all and sees him just as a fan, or is this a red flag?
A guy (33m) I (30F)just started dating seriously dumped me cause I support BLM
Is it possible he did this only to try to make me hurt?
I (30F) found out that my boyfriend (32M) has been 'helping' his female friend (30F) get her life back together, and that he never told me because he thought I would think he is sleeping with her.
My (20M) father (53M) and I have a complicated relationship.
Long Distance with a Long Post
Me(20F)and my boyfriend(20M) can't agree on boundaries for a female friend(21F)
My [33M] girlfriend [30F] had a previous relationship/fling with an extremely famous celebrity and was and still is a fan (follows and likes his instagram, etc.), should I be understanding since she doesn't like or contact him at all and sees him just as a fan, or is this a red flag?
The relationship with my dad is...complicated
Locked my (34m) boyfriend outside, is it time for me (29f) to move on?
My [27/F] boyfriend [31/m] invited a girl over to hang out that he used to sleep with..
Girls whose friends are mostly guys
i think i’m pregnant(20F) and the babydaddy(21M) and i have been in an o’ and off relationship, but we just broke up before i found out...
Can you ever trust again?
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) likes to tell me about the people that flirt with her when she is alone.
I'm scared for my life
I (25F) feel like my mom (50F) has been gaslighting me
Should I (24f) cut ties with a friend (20m) i briefly dated?
How to go on a date with someone you don't want to "date"
How to go on a date with someone you don't want to "date"
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) likes to tell me about the people that flirt with her when she is alone.
pregnant and recently broken up with
23M. mind going crazy
How can I get my husband more engaged in raising our child?
I [19M] came out of prison clean, I don’t know how I should talk with my mother aftwe disappointing her.
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) of 5 yrs is here on reddit looking for girls. Is this cheating?
My(27f) boyfriend(29m) of two years all the sudden is considering bailing (need objective input)
Do man watch a lot of porn??
"A Friend and a Half"
How can I get my coworker who I have feelings for to notice me?!
How do I get my husband more engaged in raising our baby?
My (F22) boyfriend (M22) and his female friend (who used to be in love with him) text too intimately
23M. mind going crazy
My bf of 5 yrs is here on reddit looking for some girls
My (M25) and Girlfriend (F24) Won't Even Be Intimate or Touch Me Anymore
making platonic relatives
Never had a relationship at 19 almost 20
Are here older male interested in making platonic relatives?
Is watching Porn twice a month with my boyfriend bad Do y’all think is watching porn twice a months together is bad? We both like it and rather not do it behind each other’s backs but...
In this group you can make platonic family
my (20f) boyfriend (22m) recently broke up with me. talked about getting back together. what next?
BF (25M) making jokes about my lower income (27F)
Possibility of getting back together with my (20f) recent ex boyfriend (22m)?
23M. mind going crazy
What makes a guy "unavilable" in relationship?
Am I the guy who always gets friend zoned or am I overthinking this?
Is watching Porn twice a month with my boyfriend bad he is 18 year and I’m a 20 year old Female.
How can I open up more communication with my crush who’s my coworker?
Dear women : how much is "too much avaible" and how much is "less available"?
Fiancé (30F) called out my (30M) best friends gf and I don’t know what to do
Is this believable?
Abuse is not just physical...
Is Watching porn with my boyfriend bad?
My [28F] boyfriend [32M] hardly says anything positive about me or our relationship and it's bothering me.
I’m (20F) crazy in love with my best friend (29M) but I am not attracted to him at all
My(27f) boyfriend(29m) of two years blindsided me with thoughts of ending relationship (I need objective input)
Video games are ruining my marriage
My [28F] boyfriend [32M] hardly says anything postive about me or our relationship.
I 18(F) hurt my ldr bf (19). The guilt is eating me up. Please help if u can. Thank u
Abuse is not just physical...
Finding girlfriend
I am too conflicted to make a decison about my relationship, please help.
I dont know if i want to be in my relationship, i need advice.
Porn
Would it be weird if I (f18) told a guy (m18) I liked him over text?
Would it be weird and awkward to tell a guy (m18) that I (f18) like them through text?
Is watching porn with my boyfriend twice a month bad?
I (21M) have been in an amazing two year long committed relationship but things aren’t going so well.... so I came here for some advice. (New to Reddit also.)
I [19 F] want to leave my boyfriend [19 M] but I can’t let him go.
I feel like I have to apologize for my feelings
I am pushing a nice guy away and I don’t want to?!
I (42F) chose an apparent abuser/liar over my BFF (38F). How do I fix this?
Is watching porn twice a month with my boyfriend bad?
I [19 F] want to leave my boyfriend [19 M] but I can’t let him go
To those of you who left a good relationship, why did you do it? Was it worth it?
I want to break up with my BF but at the same time I can’t let him go
How do I get my (24F) boyfriend (22M) to understand that the little things DO matter?
I (42F) might have chosen an unstable abuser over my former BFF (38). How do I fix this?
I'm [20M] sad about my girlfriend's [23F] sexual past
How can I NICELY explain to my friend I cannot provide constant emotional support and emotional labor about her life CHOICES anymore?
My (22F) boyfriend (25M) seems immature to me
My (22) girlfriend (23) overheard her Dad (52) talking about me, mentioning the color of my skin.
Girlfriend (F/30) gave me (M/25) an ultimatum
I feel (29/F) feel somewhat reluctant to meet my boyfriend (29/M) of five months' racially ignorant but mostly well meaning mother (54/F).
I (19m)confessed my love for this person 19g) she doesn’t feel the same way, but she still wants me to be around.but I feel so heartbroken especially cause we see each other every day.
I'm [20M] sad about my girlfriend's [23F] sexual past
Confessed my love for this girl, but she doesn’t feel the same, but she still wants me around, and I’m literally heartbroken.
I'm [20M] sad about my girlfriend's [23F] sexual past
Am I wrong for still wanting to be cool with my friend's ex-girlfriend?
i (18NB) hate my dad (51M) so much.
Is there a name for this type of relationship
I (19M) continually violate my GF's(19F) boundaries- what can I do to fix this?
I (23M) have two best friends (24M) and (25F) and both keeps ditching me because now they're a couple.
I [M23] want to help my gf [F22] through her periods
I [M23] want to help my gf [F22] through her periods
i (18NB) hate my dad (51M) so much.
I am (30) and I need advice on how to move out of my single parent home
Cute things your SO has done for you when you were on your period?
How can I get the courage to move out?
My (29F) SO's (30F) constant money troubles have added a lot of stress to our relationship, but now she's put me in a difficult position with my father (59M). I am either an idiot or a jerk. You decide!
Should I surprise fiancé?
Should I surprise fiancé?
My “friend” is driving me away from church
Fiancé (M25) spends all of his free time gaming?
💚🔮 Are They Cheating On You?!? 🔮💚
Looking for advice for how I (19M) can work on being too physical and stepping over boundaries of my GF (19F)
BF [mid20s] keeps joking that he makes more than I [mid20s F].
[17] just graduated high school need advice about a relationship I’m in with a [16] year old and other personal stuff.
💚🔮 Tarot Readings Available 🔮💚
I (24F) am at the end of my rope with my boyfriend (29M).
Is my (25F) boyfriend (19M) too protective? Will it become a problem?
In a complicated situation with a [M/37] no-strings-attached relationship that began 2 years ago. Should I [F/27] block him and move on?
How many lies is too many?
(f27) Is it possible for a relationship to be salvageable if your SO (m27) cheated on you multiple times?
💚🔮 Tarot Readings Available
In a complicated situation with a [M/37] no-strings-attached relationship that began 2 years ago. Should I [F/28] block him and move on?
How many lies is too many?
Having trouble connecting with BF over music.
I (24F) want to ask my partner (23F) to open our relationship but I’m not sure how to go about it or if that is even acceptable.
I’m so confused...(21m)
I’m so confused..(21m)
I’m so confused...(21m)
I’m so confused
Man might post personal things of me (23F) on social media - what to do!
Loneliness
I [F/23] can't stand my half sister [F/17]!!!!!
15m going to the beach for a week
How do I confront my girlfriend (both 23m/f) about her talking to an ex?
Should I (30) marry someone (28) I'm unsure of
I (25f) came across his (30m) racist comments. Has anyone else had a racist significant other?
I (17f) started an argument with my grandmother because she stole money for me, now I’m being blamed for her suicide.
💚🔮 Tarot Readings Available 🔮💚
what to do about parents sneaking through your room
Having trouble connecting with BF over music.
Why do I (23F) keep attracting obsessive types?
Sticky situation
So I came across my boyfriend posting racist comments on a blog and I don’t know how to react to it
I (15F) want to be closer with my half-brother (25M), but we are practically strangers. Until last year, I hadn’t seen him for 11 years, and since then I’ve only seen him twice.
🔮💚 Tarot Readings 💚🔮
Sticky situation
Boyfriend gained 20lbs, and i dont think im attracted to him physically anymore
Is it possible it was intentional? Did my ex try to hurt me?
I (22M) think a girl at work is into me and I want to ask her on a date - message her over social media? Or track her down at my work site?
Red flags you're dating a narcissist
I(19M) was dumped because our relationship is not deep enough
I think my mom (F39) is screwing around with her boss (F30s)
Red flags you're dating a narcissist
My (19F) ex-boyfriend (19M) said that he missed me wanted to get back together... but then proceeded to ghost/dry text me ?
My (22m) long distance relationship with my girlfriend (21f) is affecting my mental health
Tarot Readings
My (18f) mother (45f) is super sexist with my bf (19m) and likes to insult me.
I don't know what to do, how can I save my relationship?
Sex drive not what it used to be
What caused my boyfriend to act this way toward me?
I [28f] can't be just friends with an ex [36m] but we share a hobby. How do I deal with this?
Is my(F/23) boyfriend(M/27) overreacting or am in the wrong?
What do you think?
How to stop overthinking in a relationship?
I [28f] can't be just friends with an ex [36m] but we share a hobby. How do I deal with this?
Help with my mom (39)
My (34M) wife (34F) spends most of the day in bed
how to break up during covid
Exclusivity and sex without condoms
Tip for relationships
My (21f) stubborn mother (58f) is jeopardizing her health and its not getting any better
My gf (24f) of 1,5 years is mad over my (24m) messenger activity
My (21f) stubborn mother (58f) is not taking care of her health and jeopardizing the health of the family. I need guidance on how to intervene.
My gf (24f) of 1,5 years feels hurt over my (24m) messenger activity
My(M20) mom (F47) asking me to do her homework
My Ex-Girlfriend is Posting that I Raped Her (F/F)
My [30M] girlfriend [24F] got upset because I didn't know when our half-year anniversary was
I [30s M] have fallen in love with a camgirl [late teens F] from another country. Should I visit her?
How do I (f20) educate my ignorant best friend (f20)
My(32m) ex(25f) wants to destroy all our photos and gifts, How do I persuade her not to?
How do I educate my (F 20) ignorant best friend (F 20)
Is it wrong that I (21M) and my girlfriend (20F) do everything together?
Sorry for bad english!
How do I educate my ignorant best friend?
Exclusivity and bareback sex
I [28F] don't want to be just friends with an ex [36m] but we share a hobby
Likelihood that spouse is cheating on me?
My (23f) bf (26m) is constantly complaining he’s tired when we hangout, but goes home and plays video games late for hours
Is it wrong that I (21M) and my girlfriend (20F) do everything together?
Is anyone else in much better shape than their SO?
Am I (F22) being unreasonable and nagging my SO? (M25)
Experiencing some paranoia that my spouse is cheating
Husband [42M] and I [41F] experimenting with findom but worried it'll ruin everything
My [30M] girlfriend [24F] upset that I don’t know when our 2.5 year anniversary is
Is it just me?
Why is it so hard to be friends with someone you have feelings for?
My girlfriend is pushing for marriage
Looking for a girlfriend
I feel lonely sometimes, and that’s not fun, but I feel no interest in meeting new people. This leads me to wonder: what is wrong with me?
Is this acceptable behavior or am I missing something?
I just got some awful, disenchanting news about important members of my family that I loved. I'm in shock and feeling raw. Help?
What should I do here, is any of this forgivable?
Is this acceptable or is there something I don’t know?
Is it just me?
What should I do here, is any of this forgivable?
Porn in a relationship
My (25 f) boyfriend (25 M) has no career path and refuses to go back to school. Looking for advice
Help! Sexual tension between me and best friend
My (24M) Exgf (23) is in my life again and i cant stop crying.
Someone please help
(20sM/F) My boyfriend never gives me his full attention on the phone.
My [20M] relationships are making me confused...reassurance on why women love men?
My (31f) boyfriend (30m) smells like weed all the time because his roommate smokes a lot. What can I say?
I (F31) think my boyfriend (M30) reeks of weed all the time because of his living situation. What can I say/do?
I [F20] think my close friend [F22] might be interested in me
I(16M) am not sure how handle my relationship with my brother(15M)
How can I [20F] give up a happy healthy relationship for the sake of focusing on myself?
Need help 27m interested in 28f complicated work situation
I (28M) sort of slept with my friend (25M) one drunken night. I am not into him, I was just experimenting. How do I make sure things aren't awkward?
My {20M] relationships are making me confused...reassurance on why women love men?
Do I keep fighting for us?
In a relationship with a man (46)for 3 years and for 2 of those years he has no interest in sex or even kissing me (34). what do you do? ..
Are stonewalling & ghosting the same thing?
I [22F] am no longer interested in my BF [37M] but I depend on him financially
Cross posted because I would like more advice on how to communicate my disappointments, as well as I am seeking advice from someone who has been in this position.
Me [25 M] with first possible GF [24 F], but there is no spark and emotional baggage
How can I give up a happy healthy relationship for the sake of focusing on myself?
I broke up with my girlfriend, but it’s ok.
For the second time I'm(29M) am moving out. my father(66M):"the town 5 km away isn't far enough!" I can't read him.
How do I (31M) break up with my long term (7+ years) girlfriend (28F)?
Since my mother’s cancer diagnosis my boyfriend (27M) and I (27F) have fights and misunderstandings the whole time.
I (27 F) feel like my partner (36 M) of 6 years doesn’t care if my physical needs are met.
Still together 6 years later
Selfish/Unsympathetic Girlfriend
I [20 M] have seen how differently my friend [21 M] is treated for being tall and I'm starting to think dating isn't for me.
When do things get better?
I (30F) had a weird, intimate moment with my coworker (30sM) - should I bring it up again at all, ever?
Me [23F] just found out that my boyfriend [26M] of 1 year is significantly more conservative than I am
How do I (31M) break up with my long term girlfriend (28F)?
I am incredibly lost?
I [M22] might have a chance with and old friend [F22] that I've known for 12 years
Selfish/Unsympathetic Girlfriend
I think my upstairs neighbor could be in danger from her boyfriend
Sister [22f] is constantly talking about how her breasts are small and she wants to enlarge them. I [24m] sometimes feel like it’s an unhealthy fixation. Should I have a talk with her about it?
I think I'm seeing two guys simultaneously. I don't know what should I do.
Selfish partner during pregnancy (F22) (M30) (2years)
I just learned that the real reason my partner doesn't want to have sex is because I've been more insecure than I was a few months ago.
I [M22] might have a chance with and old friend [F22] who I've known for 12 years.
I (F23) miss my ex (M26) and i think we have both lost contact
I was just told that I've been crying a lot more than I thought I was and now I'm feeling really lost and confused.
Feeling resentful of my [F20s] boyfriend’s [M20s] passive tendencies
I [M22] am in love with my gf [F21] but she keeps texting a friend who insulted me, my family and friends. This is breaking me inside
My boyfriend thinks I’m crazy for not letting “white lies” go... am I being gaslighted or am I crazy? (25/f)(28/m)
I think my upstairs neighbor could be in danger from her boyfriend
Should I trust this man or let it go?
looking for a perfect match for yourself? stop wasting time and join the link register and confirm your email address, i am very sure you will thank me later
30 yo female seeking advice w 40 yo male regarding lies
I (25f) need an outside perspective on my relationship with my partner (29m).
Me [21 F] with my ex [20 M] 6 months, should I call?
To follow or not to follow?
27m 28f complicated situation at work
Should I trust someone after so many lies?
To follow or not to follow?
I am a [M27] and my [24F] girlfriend is thinking of moving.
I am a [M27] and my [24F] girlfriend is thinking of moving.
Neh
[non-romantic] I [22m] got caught after masturbating by my Mother [52f]
Needed advice!
I (16M) don’t want a relationship with my step siblings now that our parents are divorced.
My [22m] Mother [52f] caught me after masturbating on the sofa.
(34M) Has anyone successfully overcome retroactive jealousy/insecurity about partner's past?
[M18] - [F18] Should I give her space?
I (M19) can't find a good time to ask out my crush (F21)
[30 M] soft ghosted by [28 F]
[30 M] soft ghosted by [28 F
I'm [27F] considering dropping a friendship with a friend [27F] of 7+ years
Need help with relationship situation please
What are some possible reasons my (20M) ex girlfriend (21F) is trying to make me jealous?
Need advice badly!!
I (25F) am abusive towards my boyfriend (30M)
Boyfriend (26m) says he doesnt know if he wants to be with me (24f) anymore
19 [F4M] Kik @ Natalie42119 Let's have fun and some hot sexting too.
Bf of 5 years said he doesnt know if he wants to be with me anymore
I (16f) finally told my bf (16m) about about my family issues and now he's telling everyone
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) just told me he can’t argue with me because of my mental illness
Boyfriend doesn’t spoil me anymore
Am I (f27) wrong for feeling hurt that my new friend (f24) and cousin (f24) are hanging out without me?
Older fwb (47M) made dinner and breakfast our (47M and 25F) unplanned sleepover - is he just roleplaying a relationship, being a good host, or is he pushing into more serious territory?
Boyfriend doesn’t spoil me anymore
My (25f) sister (29f) is letting her step-daughter (12f) go to her crackhead mom's (31f) house during the coronavirus.
My (16M)dad and step mom got divorced and I don’t know if I want to keep in contact with my step siblings (18F, 16M and 15M)
(34M) Has anyone successfully overcome retroactive jealousy/insecurity about partner's past?
My ex scammed and disrespected me
I’m upset with my girlfriend and I don’t know how to get over it
My (20f) religious controling parents are ruining my life, I am lost as I love them but don't want to live their way
Am i doing the right thing? Advice please
Older FWB 47M made dinner and breakfast for me 25F - good host vs serious?
Am I honestly better off being single?
I'm (f20) from a muslim family, grew up in Britain, I am at a loss in what to do with my life as my parents put so many restrictions on me
My husband (28M) won’t have a baby with me (27F)
Broke up with my GF and I don't look forward to anything else in my life
My (20f) mom doesn’t like my boyfriend (25m)
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested pm me on kik......... Clara001
I [23F] think my little brother [15M] is addicted to drugs but he doesn't recognize it and I don't know how to help
Broke up with my gf and now I don't know what to do with my life or how to get over her
Why when i was with my ex i felt more like i was her "father" rather than her finance?
When are social media boundaries due to be made?
I Am Deeply In Love (19F) with "Old Flame" (23M). Thoughts?
How to become fuckboy?
Deeply In Love (19F) With "Old Flame" (23M) Thoughts?
does he(M17) deserve a second chance after cheating on me(f17)?
I’m pro domme goddess sherry
Women who combined accounts/assets/income with partner with financial disparity after marriage, how did it go? Did you do a prenup?
Is it wrong for me (30/f)to do an online speed dating when I’m in an unofficial long distance relationship with (26/m)
I (20F) need advice about my father (53?M)
The age old question: Can a Guy and my girlfriend truly be 'just friends'?
My (20f) mom doesn’t like my boyfriend (25m)
I [23F] think my little brother [15M] is addicted to drugs but he doesn't recognize it and I don't know how to help
Quarantine is making me resent my bf doing stuff without me and I hate it.
How do you deal with a rude parent?
How to deal with a childish adult?
I'm[32 M] about the future of my relationship with my [36 F] girlfriend of six months, is not having a reason to break up a valid reason to stay together?
“Hive mind” friends - phase out or try harder?
My [21F] mother's friends [25-40M] keep hitting on me, and now she's sent one of them my number. How do I politely tell her to stop enabling this?
Feeling lost & worried with my relationship due to my introversion.
I (29F) have been losing attraction to my bf (29M) and feeling confused
Worried about [m]y relationship with my girlfriend not going anywhere...
I (22m) got into a nasty fight with my Asian mom (59f) about 3 days ago.
“Hive mind” friends - should I phase out or stay friends?
Guy friend (25M) is upset with me (25F), but refuses to discuss why or even speak to me. Not sure what happened? And not sure what to do?
Are we individuals on our own path together, or is this a personality clash?
Me (29m) am dealing with someone (22f) acting strange. Any advice is appreciated.
My (21F) boyfriend (20M) of a little over a year refuses to accept my sexuality. How should I approach the subject?
I (22m) got into a nasty fight with my Asian mom (59f) about 3 days ago.
Guy friend (25M) is upset with me (25F), but refuses to discuss why or even speak to me. Not sure what happened? And not sure what to do?
Where is the line between being individuals on our own path together or just a straight up personality clash?
Who has the same Problem and what are you doing against it? Husband - Wife Problems.
My now ex fiancé (20) broke up with me (21) over something I didn’t do
I like this guy I met while shopping for mattress
My (22 F) boyfriend (22 M) went once drunk in a club with his friends and they all got invited to a table where there was a girl that he knew liked him
My (29M) fiancée (28F) has had some mental health issues and now doesn't want me to contact her for a week.
I (30f) feel inferior to my boyfriend (40)
I[29M] have left my wife[24F] of 4 years and taken our children, due to severe mental illness.
My (29M) fiancée (28F) has had some mental health issues and now doesn't want contact with me for a week.
What can I do about this? I’ve been getting harassed.
I [29M] left my wife[24F] of 4 years and took our kids, because she has dangerous, unmedicated mental illness.
Break up
I’m so confused about everything right now. Sexuality + relationship with best friend F(16).
My girlfriend of 2 years (24F) broke up with me (27M), and I don’t really know how to grieve..
F(16) really confused. Sexuality + relationship with my best friend
My girlfriend of 2 years (24F) broke up with me (27M), and I don’t really know how to grieve..
My (27f) dad (64) asked me to name one thing he has to live for. I couldn't.
My(27f) dad(64m) asked me to name one thing he has to live for. I couldn't.
Boyfriend can't cum - Gay Couple
My dad said that he doesn't have anything to live for. I said it's not true. He said "name one thing". I couldn't.
How can I NICELY explain to my friend I cannot provide constant emotional support and emotional labor about her life CHOICES anymore?
I 19M don’t know if i should trust my 18F girlfriend
I thought sex was overrated until I met my boyfriend...
My [23F] Boyfriend [28M] does not listen when I say no, is this my fault?
I thought that sex was overrated until I met my boyfriend...
My [23F] Boyfriend [28M] does not take no for an answer with sex, is this my fault?
Should I tell my friend (20sM) that he has issues that are affecting those around him?
I (m15) need advice on my parental situation
My (30M) girlfriend (25F) thinks I’m her punching bag when she’s anxious.
Do I tell my friend that he has some personal issues to work through?
I [16,M] feel extremely lonely... “friends” don’t want to do anything with me nor talk with me and no girlfriend
Am I (m15) in the right with my parents?
🔮💚 Today's Reading for All Signs 💚🔮
My (30M) girlfriend (25F) thinks I’m her punching back when she gets upset.
I 19M don’t know if i should trust my 18F girlfriend
I may have ruined my boyfriend's [21M] haircut
I (19f) just bagged my first boyfriend (23m)
My (M30) girlfriend (F25) abuses me. Suspected bipolar disorder.
My (F27) parents (F64, M67) are driving across the country to attend my sister's (F36) wedding, despite the global pandemic.
My (M30) girlfriend (F25) abuses me. Suspected bipolar disorder.
My [23M] girlfriend [22F] is upset at me because I didn’t want to try quitting smoking with her.
How is I (M26) redirect my thoughts with my gf (F23) who deals with ADHD and Anxiety?
My (24F) fiance (24M) comments about my lack of motivation to workout. I feel bad when he does that. What to do?
My (28M) Gf(22F) feels nothing. Is there any hope?
I (24F) am getting nerviness about my BF (25M) rent agreement, would it be fair to change it or ask him to move out?
I (24M) broke up with me girlfriend (24F) of two years because of a prank call. Was my decision justified?
(23 M) First real breakup, not too sure how to feel (21 F)
Me (27M) unsure where I stand with date (27F) resulting in feelings of unease
My (28M) Gf(22F) feels nothing. Is there any hope?
My (27/F) boyfriend (27/M) will tell other girls that he thinks they are pretty
I (22F) am in a long distance relationship with a person (20M) and I don't feel loved by him.
My (M23) LDR girlfriend (F23) of almost 2 years broke up with me two months ago because she started developing feelings for/wanted to have sex with another guy who reminded her of me
I (25M) broke up with my girlfriend (25F) of two years because of a prank call. Was my decision justified?
First breakup, not too sure how to feel.
Is it wrong for me(30/f) an online speed dating when I’m in an unofficial long distance relationship (27/m)?
Had my first break up, not too sure on how to feel.
I (22F) am in a long distance relationship with a person (20M)
I'm in turmoil, feel trapped. Need help, please.
Today my girlfriend told me that i’m a constant reminder of how shitty her life is and idk what to say😪
I (21F) feel like I’m just leeching off my gf (20F) and it’s really getting to me
How Often Do Couples Fight?
I (23M) have 2 best friends (25F) and (24M) they're a couple, however bf thinks that I'm trying to snatch his girl from him, and acting like a total prick.
Is it wrong to do an online speed dating when I’m in an unofficial long distance relationship?
My (30F) boyfriend (32M) has not been to the dentist in about six years and his oral hygiene is starting to affect my desire to be intimate. What’s a tactful way to approach the conversation?
I have serious attachment problems to girls, and I don’t know what to do. Could really use some advice here
My (25f) emotionally abusive ex (25m) is harassing me and he even went as far as to call the cops. I don’t know what to do.
I’m (f21) constantly struggling with guilt over my relationship with my gf (f20)
21 year Old Virgin
I am in need of advice on a very short relationship
i am in love please help me
I am in love please help me
My (28m) need for a lot of time alone has ruined many past relationships and is already straining my new (1 month) relationship with my partner (29f)
I've [18F] been left out by my friends [18M, 18F], even though I only see them around once a year
I am in love please help me
Is it wrong to do Online Speed Date when in an unofficial long distance relationship
My partner(28M) and I(26F) are looking for ways to keep track of our life. What apps do you use to keep track of your life, relationships, and trips together?
My partner(28M) and I(26F) are looking for ways to keep track of our life. What apps do you use to keep track of your life, relationships, and trips together?
My(24m) mother(56f) is really pushing me to have a friendship with her boyfriend(30 something m) . UPDATE
What apps do you use to keep track of your life, relationships, and trips together with a Calendar, Kanban view, to-do list, and text area that allows tables?
What do I do if I see my ex in real life
(18) Male Looking for advice on how to help my gf out.
Me [16M] would like to ask someone out [17F] but don’t know her too well.
She was confused
(18)Male Need advice on helping my gf
My [25f] emotional needs are being fulfilled but physical is non existent. Should I stay in a happy relationship with no attraction?
Me [16M] would like to ask someone out [17F] but don’t know her too well.
Boyfriend (27M) doesn’t seem interested in me (27F)
My(24m) mother(56f) is really pushing me to have a friendship with her boyfriend(30 something m) . UPDATE
I finally told my bf about about my family issues and now he's telling everyone
Should I/how do I suggest seeing each other more often?
Coworker's (23M) Attempt in Getting Closer is Bothering Me (25F) at Work
How do I suggest seeing each other more frequently?
Im suicidal and my parents take away the only thing that keeps me alive.
Why do I (21F) get sooo irritated when my mom (42F) talks.. about literally anything
Did I just get shutdown?
My(24m) mother(56f) is really pushing me to have a friendship with her boyfriend(30 something m)
Why do I (21F) get sooo irritated when my mom (42F) talks.. about literally anything
Trouble living with boyfriends family
I don’t know how to start trusting him
Why do I get sooo irritated when my mom talks.. about literally anything
How can I [M24] make my father [M53] listen to me without belittling me?
Question about jealousy
I (21M) feel as if my girlfriend (19F) is avoiding me and is using me. Making me insecure in the process.
Is my girlfriend (23F) lying or cheating on me (25M)?
I (15M) want to know how it feels like to be in a relationship.
Should I cut off or distance myself from one of my closest friends of 18 years?
Am I (20f) overacting about things my (19m) boyfriend does
My heart is being torn apart. Need clarity.
I (21M) feel like my girlfriend (19F) is not bothered by the thought if life without me. I also feel that I'm being emotionally abused in a way.
Am I allowed to be upset
I feel like I wasn’t good enough it’s literally tearing me apart
My boyfriend (26M) has never given me (25F) flowers in the 7 years that we have been together
I (15M) want to know how it feels like to be in a relationship.
My girlfriend just accused me of being gay for being in a bathroom when some other dude came to piss
How do you handle talking about issues that you weren't angry about at the time
How do I (M,19) resolve this conflict with my ex (F,20) and our flatmates (F,19; F,21; M,19; M20)?
I [20F] feel like my boyfriend[22M] does not have any actual respect for me.
My bf (46M) is annoyed about his ex (38F) going out with one of his friends (50M)
I’m not sure if I’m allowed to be upset
Should I cut off or distance myself from my friend?
I don't want to and won't be over you:(
Can I see his phone???
Phone access?
UPDATE: My (25f) emotionally abusive ex (25m) keeps harassing me and even went as far as to call the cops on me. I don’t know what to do.
My bf continues to insult me "jokingly"
I(21M) broke up with my girlfriend(21F) about 2 months ago, we ended up blocking each other on all forms of communication.. fast forward to yesterday, I stumbled on our last chat, I remember being very angry at that time.. and i had written very disrespectful things..
My husband said I’m a 4.5/10. Does he think I’m ugly?
My boyfriend calls me names and then claims hes joking
My bf (46M) is annoyed about his ex (38F) going out with one of his friends (50M)
My partner [27M] says that I [27F] should stop burping because it is not normal
Today is my [18 M] birthday and nobody seems to care.
Should I break up with my boyfriend?
BLM family disagreement
Today is my [18 M] birthday and nobody seems to care.
My brother died in a car accident and so did my “partners” girlfriend.
I (21M) broke up with my girlfriend (21F) a month ago. She and I ended up blocking each other on all forms of communication... Fast forward to yesterday when I stumbled on the chat where we had our last conversation, and i regret so much of what i said..
I wish I (F19) knew why my ex (M25) tried to kill me
So I’m 28F, with 31M for 1 year. He is a very active user of social media and I was scrolling through and he was messaging with 15 and 16 year old girls when he was 22. Off or not?
(30 F) My Veteran Boyfriend (30 M) is upset with me..
Relationship
Ideas for things to do with your partner when in lockdown together?
my boyfriend said he thought about cheating on me on a spring break trip to florida but he didn’t
I am in need of advice on a very short relationship
My bf (46M) is annoyed about his ex (38F) going out with one of his friends (50M)
I wish I knew why my abusive ex tried to kill me
My (23 m) mom won’t apologize for hurting me, and instead is making herself the victim. What do I do?
Would it be wrong to stay in a relationship with someone when I feel no desire for physical contact?
Ex going out with one of my boyfriend’s friends
My boyfriend (18 M) broke up with me (18 F) after I tried breaking up and didn’t go through with it because he felt horrible when I tried and I stayed and wanted to wait.
I (36F) am not sure if I should tell my husband (30M) our son isn’t his, he’s the breadwinner and I don’t want to become homeless
My boyfriend (18 M) broke up with me (18 F) after I tried breaking up and wouldn’t let me because he felt horrible when I tried and I stayed.
After one year together with gf [26], I feel we’re too different. Should I break up?
Am I (23nb) being too judgmental towards my new online friend (20m)?
Me (F30) with my boyfriend (M32) - our sex life is too good to be true and it creates problems in other areas of our relationship
My crush got crush on me too but we went far.
I've (28m) been hurt by her (28f) repeatedly. Is it still possible to reconcile the relationship? How should I know when to give up?
I [25F] apologized to this girl [25F] I barely know and she emotionally vomited all over me via text
Can I [f25] stay with someone [m25] whom I’m not attracted to/wanna have sex with?
I [25F] apologized to this [24F] girl I barely know and she emotionally vomited all over me via text.
Is it legal for a lady to keep the baby in secret behind the guys back who she has slept with at a party? (F24)
How do I (28m) know when to give up on trying to rebuild trust with her (28f)?
Impending Divorce and need some guidance.
Parents make me feel guilty for expenses
I [23 M] broke up with my gf [23 F] a week ago and she's sending me very mean messages.
I (24F) finally ended my toxic relationship with my ex toxic partner (29F), but I can't help but feel that my world has ended, I'm suicidal.
Is it okay for a woman to keep a baby in secret from a guy who she slept with at a house party?
UPDATE: My (25f) emotionally abusive ex (25m) has been harassing me and even called the cops. I don’t know what to do.
I [f20] feel like my parents are perfect and I’m always in the wrong
Don’t know what to do
Can I (25M) still get the girl (26F) I was dating back?
How do I(36M) deal with blatant favoritism ,from my rich cousin(23F), towards my kids(17F,13F)?
I [f20] feel like my parents are perfect and I’m always in the wrong
My girlfriend is asking about marriage but I’m not ready. Advice?
Honesty I love being single
I feel like my parents are perfect and I’m always in the wrong
Advice on making guy friends?
People keep asking me when I’ll start dating again and it’s starting to get on my nerves. Advice?
People keep asking me when I’ll start dating again and it’s starting to get on my nerves. Advice?
(20sM/F) Worried that my bf of a year isn’t over his ex.
My girlfriend is asking about marriage but I’m not ready. Advice?
My (f32) mother (f60) is uninterested in my work and that bothers me, but I dont see the point of addressing it
Sorry for the Novel
I (F25) am being subtweeted negatively a lot by my coworker (F34), worried about negative professional outcome
Should I [25m] call out my friend [25m]?
How do I [26M] go about asking out an incredibly anxious friend [23F] without making things difficult for her?
Should I [25m] call out my friend [25m]?
My (19F) boyfriend (26M) wants a child next year.
Should I call out my friend?
How do I support my husband when I’m so unhappy and resentful?
I (F25) am being subtweeted negatively a lot by my coworker (F34), worried about negative professional outcome
How do I support my husband when I’m so unhappy and resentful?
Was I (32M) abusive towards my ex (32F? I can't work it out?
UPDATE: Was the way I (25f) broke up with my boyfriend (25m) messed up?
My BF makes me feel suppressed.
My girlfriend (F28) goes to bed shortly after I (M27) go to bed.
Want to talk to my (24F) boyfriend (24M) about his cleanliness/dirty apartment, unsure if I’m being unreasonable
My FWB feels uneasy
If a wife (26 yrs) slept around with multiple men before marriage giving the excuse that its her body, her choice and so she can do anything with it, then can such wife still sleep around after marriage also because its stilltheir body and their choice?
Girlfriend said to me that last night when she was really drunk there was a chance she could of cheated on me.
Still stuck on him - help
Shall i wait for him or move on??
My dates would ask me to remove my shoes, but I won't because I am short
Me(28) insecure about my height
Messy breakup after 6 year relationship over resentment, jealously, possessiveness and playing victim (martyr complex) left me Heartbroken and really confused what can i do about this guilt? Me M(24) F(22) we meet so young at 18 and 17 :/
Insecure about my height
My ex stole a memory...
Insecure about my height
My ex stole a memory...
My sister (F30)'s boyfriend (M30) is acting like our parents' house is his
When I [27/F] was younger my therapist told me I luck men who reinforce the abandonment from my father and I don't know how to fix it.
How do I (25F) win back the guy (27M) who split with me because of depression issues?
I (26M) broke up with my girlfriend (25F) of 2 years because she ignored my messages for a week. Was my relationship really this toxic or was it salvageable and I gave up too early?
How do I (25F) win back the guy (27m) who split with me because of depression issues?
Am I wrong for expecting my girlfriend to do a favour for free?
Something holding me back from breaking up with a liar.
My(19F) boyfriend(21M) often gets upset when we can't have sex/do sexual things.
Depressed after boyfriend proposed, please help.
Is the following scenario an example of "placing blame" or am I being defensive?
How to handle my (26f) boyfriend (26m) being manipulated by his awful (26f) ex over his dog?
My (35f) ex husband (37m) gave me naked photos.
If a virgin husband (26 yrs) gets married to a very experienced wife (24 yrs) who slept with many men before marriage and explored everything with all her exes and she hid aboutit, then how should the virgin husband react after finding it? How easy willbe for him to get past the fear of inadequacy?
How to convince my sister [24F] to cut off our problematic and destructive brother [23M] from her life? Should i [27M] even keep trying or leave them be?
Girlfriend's ex kissed her and she enjoyed it. Should I break up with her?
Is the following scenario an example of "placing blame" or am I being defensive?
My sister (F30)'s boyfriend (M30) is acting like our parents' house is his
My (27F) boyfriend (25M) keeps his handgun on the 4" wide bedframe. I feel like this is an irresponsible place to keep it and he refuses to store it another way.
My (27F) boyfriend (25M) keeps his gun on top of the 3-4" wide bed frame for easy access. I am uncomfortable with it there and have tried to get him to understand and move it.
How can you tell a parent about your depression when you're terrified that they'll get angry?
My (27M) gf (24F) doesn't respond when I open up.
How can a husband (26 yrs) get past after watching a threesome sex video of his wife(24 yrs) on her laptop which she safely kept on her laptop and where she was doing all those acts woth both of them together? How easy will it be for a straight husband to get past those images of his wife with them?
Connecting with people
Is it normal to ghost after a month of dating [23F] [27M]
I (28F) was molested by my brother (33M) when we were children and I told our mother (60F), I don't know/think she believes me
Why am I still an outcast years later?(23F)
Hes [35M] I'm [23F], is their a problem with this relationship?
Am I wrong for expecting my girlfriend to do a favour for free?
Is an anniversary the day you met? Or the day you became officially partners?
My (30/f) friend (30/f) is Falling Apart, idk how to help
Sister meeting up with a guy from internet 14 years older than her.
Is it bad to block an ex who you didn’t end it badly with?
How to talk to coworker about doing his fair share?
Afraid to visit my (21F) boyfriend (22m) due to pandemic and fear of getting relatives sick. Should I go?
Got dumped...again (19 M)
I am a husband M/27, She is my wife F/29 been together for 5 yrs. I don’t feel attractive to her. And idk why because she does not display it.
Long Distance Relationship
Girlfriend of three years Dumped me...again
Afraid to visit my( 21F) boyfriend (22M) during pandemic due to possibility of getting relative sick. What should I do?
I had (27/f) argument with my ex (29/m) over text, needing advice
(20sM/F) Worried that my bf of a year isn’t over his ex.
I (27/f) had an argument with my ex (29/m), looking for advice
Feeling Desired
Husband’s Family not Welcoming
Does love die?
I (F26) found something out about my boyfriend (M24) recently and now questioning our relationship
Does love die?
I think I need a restraining order against ex boyfriend
How many people are in quarantine and can't see their significant other?
A recording of me is being used as blackmail, how do I fix this?
Little sister meeting up with guy 14 years older than her.
I 25F went to bed mad, he 25M slept on the couch. What now?
Am I (27F) being paranoid that my husband (32M) is being unfaithful?
boyfriend wants to kill himself soon
Still feeling insecure despite reassurances from my girlfriend over a guy. Is there anything off or am I being way too paranoid? (23M) (21F)
Was this my fault or is this reasonable on my end? (f27) (m27)
boyfriend says he’s going to kill himself soon
"my" vs. "our"
Have (25f) crush on a girl that works at my school (27f)
8 Signs That Someone Is Trying To Use You || How To Spot Fake Nice People?
I (31F) am hurt that my boyfriend (33M) of 3 years has not proposed and there is no timeline in sight. Do I bring it up again?
Boss (m50s) Gaslighting Me or Am I (f30s) Paranoid?
8 Signs That Someone Is Trying To Use You || How To Spot Fake Nice People?
I started having regular casual sex with a man 30 years older than me
I (M29) was abruptly cut off by (F26) and now we are talking again. What happened?
How to talk to a girl I’m overly attracted too?
I (M29) was abruptly cut off by (F26) and now we are talking again. What happened?
BullieAm I (f30s) Paranoid or Gaslit? Feel Boss (m50s) Secretly Sides with my Bully
Went for a kiss with my housemate
I (30M) think I let too much out about my mental health and caused a potential new relationship (F27) to regress into a lackluster FWB situation. Should I get out of it or stay?
I (23F) feel like I'm sabotaging my relationship with my anxiety
Went for a kiss with my housemate
I (23F) feel like I'm sabotaging my relationship with my anxiety
I (25F) don't know if, how or when to tell my homophobic sister (25F) about my girlfriend (27F)
Boyfriend (26m) pushing me (f22) away due to his depression
I (18M) haven’t been able to spend a single night with my gf (19F) in our almost three year relationship
I (18M) haven’t been able to spend a single night with my gf (19F) in our almost three year relationship
Our relationship is flourishing under the unlikeliest of odds - worried?
Having no friends, because I feel like everyone likes to put me down and I become agressive.
Having no friends, because I feel like everyone likes to put me down and I become agressive.
My [27F] boyfriend's [26M] mom [49F] didn't like me before I got pregnant and I'm not over it
Having no friends, because I feel like everyone likes to put me down and I become agressive.
My (21F) boyfriend (30M) doesnt want to have sex anymore
I, 29F, think there is there is all kind of families, do you guys have an opinion on it?
I [29M] love my straight best friend [32M]. He recently got into a relationship with one of our friends [33F] and I helped her confess to him.
There is all kind of families
Thinking on giving up
Am I the asshole for having different marriage views than my boyfriend?
My (13f) ex-classmate/friend (14 or 15f) just contacted me, what should I do?
Is 20 too young to be moving out with a partner?
Confused about relationship that never happened
My [18F] Boyfriend [19M] Doesn't Sleep Properly
I (26m) have just broken up with my fiancé (27f)
M31 Southern India. Never been in love or been in a relationship, now with fading love from family, i feel lonely as priorities of my family have put me in a utilitarian life of chores. I am too scared to approach or go against my family to open up to someone, to feel being loved. So help me?
Would you be willing to seriously date a woman with FWB history?
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (22M) have a friend who has feelings for him, what should i do?
So we ended things
I [18M] feel like things with my mom’s best friend [44F] are starting to get awkward after we started hooking up.
I'm falling in love with my coach's girlfriend
[x-post from r/relationship_advice] My (M22) best friend (M23) says he's in love with my abusive ex (F22).
Depressed boyfriend (m22) pushing me (f22) away
my (20F) online friend (17M) threatens suicide every time he’s upset with me. Today he sent me a suicide note. Not sure what to do.
My girlfriend (23F) has given up all hope to connect with me (27M) with me never understanding her whole message
Can I [f25] stay with someone [m25] whom I’m not attracted to/wanna have sex with?
My LDR G(F27) and I (M27) were planning to meet this august but Covid ruined everything.
My LDR Girlfriend and i were planning to meet this august but Covid ruined everything for us.
Am I [M22] being to hard on my boyfriend? [M23]
I'm a mid twenties (26M), how do I meet/make friends and juggle family life?
Feeling Desired
My Long Distance Girl (F 27) and I (M 27) had been planning to meet but covid ruined everything for us
Bf (33M) made a racist 'joke'. How can I explain why his 'joke' is in really poor taste?
I [21F] don't like my brother [18M] as a person anymore. It's breaking my heart
I miss you at 5am
My friend (24m) only sends me (19f) memes, actual conversations have become super rare.
lack of reciprocation
Am i crazy? Please read this (F26)
I [26M] had a full blown argument over saying a sentence every night before going to bed with my Girlfriend[26F] was I in the wrong?
Bf (33M) made a racist 'joke'. How can I gently tell him that his 'joke' is in really poor taste?
I'm a mid twenties (26M), how do I meet/make friends and juggle family life?
My boyfriend gets turned when I cry
My boyfriend gets turned on when I cry?
I'm falling in love with my coach's girlfriend and I think she likes me too
Is it selfish to want to work the same shift?
I can’t understand why my (25F) boyfriend (33F) speaks like this?
How to confront a friend in an abusive relationship? (30sF)
I don’t understand why my (24F) boyfriend (33M) speaks like this?
Is it so bad to want to work the same shift?
My (F/21) boyfriend (M/22) tricked me into agreeing to something and then giving me terms that he knew I wouldn’t agree with.
Old friend(F20) hit me(M22) up out of the blue
I (20F) am uninvited from my boyfriend's (20M) birthday party
Quit my (f30s) Job bc of Bullying from Older Women (f60s)
Friends With A Meth Smoker
I, (18) F, broke things off with my 18 (M) bf because he couldn’t put drugs before me.
old girlfriend hit me up outta the blue
I (16F) am scared and worried over what happened when me and my SO (16NB/M) started dating.
I (16F) am scared and worried over what happened when me and my SO (16NB/M) started dating.
My boyfriend (18m) and I (18f) are fighting nonstop and I don't know what to do to fix this. I don't want to break up so please what can I do?
My boyfriend messaged a woman on reddit to tell her how beautiful he thinks she is.
How to approach a friend in an abusive relationship?
My boyfriend messaged a woman on reddit it tell her how beautiful she is.
Am I (F/25) a teenager again
Gift ideas
Am I (F/25) a teenager all over again!
Need real support right now
Is the idea of ‘mothering’ a guy a massive red flag for girls? (Yeah yeah, not all girls, fkn relax)
Need to say this because I feel unheard
Redditors who found love after 35, how did you meet?
Need to say this because I feel unheard
Me (m18) and my gf (f19) just broke up and I'm confused about our relationship
Redditors who married over 40, how did you meet your spouse?
14 year old SIL posted about doing sexual things on social media and lied about it to me
Living alone
I (21M) am not sure if i'm happy with my gf (23F)
My boyfriend is emotionally unavailable and I don't know if I can take it anymore.
I (21M) am not sure if i'm happy with my girlfriend (23F)
Communication eBook - FREE download promotion
My boyfriend is emotionally unavailable and I can't take it anymore.
What do you do if you find out your boyfriend is lying to you?
Does my (22M) friend (23M) have feelings for me?
Does my friend (23M) have feelings for me (22M) ?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My (F19) girlfriend (F23) of 6 months told me she misses sleeping around
I need an opinion about this
My (F22) boyfriend (M22) and his female friend (that "used to be" in live with him) text too intimately
How do I deal with my parent making noise at night?
My (F19) girlfriend (F23) of 6 months told me she misses sleeping around
How likely is it that he(22M) is using his mental health for attention
How do I deal with my parent making noise at night?
Should I attempt to save my marriage by arranging a postnup?
TL;dr Met one of my best friends because of missed flight
My (F22) boyfriend (M22) and his female friend (that "used to be" in love with him) text too intimately
How likely is it that he(22M) is using his mental health for attention
I love my boyfriend but feel like I can't trust him anymore
I love my boyfriend but I don't trust him anymore
Has anyone tried virtual dating aka video calling for dating strangers in quarantine?
Stylist put her personal number on a card for my boyfriend
I [28M] got a girlfriend only to realize I didn't want it.
Can I legally be married after a ceremony that’s a surprise to me?
How to treat relationship forever?
I (21M) keep fantasizing about a room mate, even though I'm in a great relationship with my girlfriend (20F).
I [28F] did porn years before meeting my partner of four years [29M]. He found the videos and is not pleased.
The 180 he did in a week makes me question everything
(30 F) I am having problems with my veteran boyfriend (30 M)
Can I get legally married by ONLY showing up to ceremony?
Told my friend that I died.
I told my friend that I died.
Asking a girl to be my GF over facetime?
Me [22F] with BF [22M]; I feel totally replaceable in my relationship
I want to keep my last names after marriage but my SO wants me to take his last name
Don't know if this is the right place to post this, I'm just in a great deal of pain, and I need to vent.
I don't know if this is the right place or not. I'm just in a lot of pain, I have no one to talk to, and I need to vent.
Does it get better?[25M&F]
I want to keep my last name after marriage but my SO wants me to take his last name
I [28F] did porn years before meeting my partner of four years [29M]. He found the videos and is not pleased.
Asking her to be my GF via facetime?
I want to keep my last name after marriage but SO wants me to take his last name
Should I live with my mother for another 8 years when she has a bad temper but is otherwise fine? [Non-Romantic]
Does my bf [M26] really want a breakup? How else should I [F25] save our relationship?
How abusive people compile their behavior? From where
Relationships are a complex thing
Friends with my best friends ex husband
GF(21) says i(20) never talk to her enough...
Should I live with my mother for another 8 years when she has a bad temper but is otherwise fine? [Non-Romantic]
GF (21) says i (20) never talk to her enough...
GF says i don’t talk to her enough..
Did I (33M) make a mistake?
Veteran Boyfriend
Am I being paranoid?
I’m afraid my roommate is going to get us evicted and I don’t know how to bring it up.
I’m afraid my roommate it going to get us evicted, I don’t know how to bring it up.
How to handle a poison and antidote?
Platonic friend came clean about making up a fake girlfriend. What should I say?
Found out my ex was cheating on me while we dated and is now with that person. Advice?
Please help - my boyfriend ignores me around his family and friends but especially around his sister in law. An I being jealous or justified in being hurt?
The guy (33M) chatting me (22F) and replying to my Facebook stories doesn’t know I’m friends with his wife (32f).
My (31m) just got left by my gf I love of over 3 years(25f) while I was picking a really disgusting pimple on my anus
I recently discovered my boyfriend's father raped me 9 years ago and I don't know if and how to tell him.
Do I [23M] have a Chance with Her Sister [late 20F] ?
My boyfriend seems to prefer anyone and especially his sister in law over me. Please help. Am I jealous or am justified to be upset?
What to do if me and my girlfriend want to keep talking late at night but we’re both tired?
I (20M) struggling to find a partner.
Not sure how to handle mother (50F) who's angry at me (18F) for cutting my hair
Mom blew up at me for cutting my hair
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested kik.....mommy00011
Finding true love.
How to cope with envy while being happy for myself and my (F29) friends (M&F30) who first time homeowners?
[help] Am I gaslighting myself into believing that my mother is a bad person
My (45m) wife (35f) and I are having a rough time. I'm looking for help with what I might not be seeing.
Finding a true love.
My boyfriend responded "cool" when I try to talk to him about my issues. Is this worth breaking up over? [24 F and 22 M]
My (29 M) wife (28 F) guilt trips me so I do not leave her
My (45m) wife (35f) and I are having a rough time. I'm hoping to gain some insight/help/information.
In love with my best friend.
In love with my best friend
Ideas for couples who need quality time or hobbies? Got married as teenagers
I just want my wife to be happy
The relationship is perfect, but I'm still losing interest fast. for the second time.
Wife is constantly angry
Is it okay to go back to your ex after they've rebounded? The ex being the dumper?
I (19F) can’t figure out if I’m in a toxic friendship (20F)
Me 24F with my 23M/ 16 months, messaging another girl
Newly sober, new diagnoses, coming out of the woods and feeling effective only to find my marriage gone.
I [27M] just broke up with my GF[30F] should I feel guilty about moving on quickly with another?
My (29 M) wife (28 F) guilt trips me so I do not leave her side.
My (22F) dad’s anger and desire to always be right have affected my and my sisters relationship with him
My (29F) wife(28F) is guilt tripping me to not enjoy life. I am frustrated!!
Am I too picky?
Boyfriend (M21) consistently breaks small promises and puts off tasks. I (F22) don’t know how to manage
Me [24 F] with my BF [23 M] messaging another girl
Should I get back with my ex?
Am I too picky?
Straight Guy Dates Trans Man despite being straight
Saying I love you changed everything
All of my (28F) friends are moving away and I'm feeling really hopeless
Could she (F26) have cut me (M29) off because of a major life event?
My (22F) dad’s (60M) anger issues and need to always be right are affecting my relationship with him
Would you cut someone off because of a major life event?
Me (23F) constantly worry that my boyfriend (29M) will pass away or that something bad will happen to him
Boyfriend(M24) messaging other girl(23) says its not important
I (19NB) feel uncomfortable with my boyfriend's (20M) mom (40s F) is trying to parent me
Boyfriend ashamed of his Transgender Boyfriend
I (F25) told my boyfriend (M23) that I'm fine with him staying in this town where he has a job while I move back home due to economic reasons. He doesn't know I'm actually not fine with this and I'm struggling a lot more than I anticipated to come to terms with it.
How do you get over someone that you JUST CAN'T GET OVER (even though you were never romantically involved)?
I (18F) am starting to hate my best friends who have been nothing but nice to me
10 years
lost myself in a relationship
Am I (35F) being irrationally angry at my best friend (35F) for becoming friends with my emotionally abusive ex?
My (18F) parents (51F) (49M) are big time fighting and it's getting taxing.
A guy I like only likes my friend pictures when I’m in them
my boyfriend(23) talking with another girl(22)
My parents (50F/55M) keep trying to talk to me (28F) on the phone while they're having sex.
My (23f) boyfriend (28m) has gained a lot of weight and I’m losing attraction
Girlfriend had many boyfriends but never sex
My (23f) boyfriend (28m) has gained a lot of weight and I’m losing attraction
I (25F) found porn on his (27M) computer again... is he gaslighting me?
Is coworker (21M) flirting with me(24F)?
i am 23(fm) writing about 22(m)
I don’t know how to stop saying “It’s okay” to my boyfriend.
Is 6 months too early to celebrate as an anniversary?
Im finally in a healthy romantic relationship, but I have a major personal problem that’s putting the damper on things
When is it appropriate to celebrate anniversaries?
Bf won't remove his car tints
I(22F) keep imagining my SO(20M) with another girl my year
Boyfriend won't remove his car tints
I 21m have been talking to this girl 20f for a few days and I'm a bit worried that our conversation is going to fizzle out.
Im finally in my first healthy relationship, but I’m having a major personal problem
website & online marketing
My boyfriend messages another guy
I(22F) need to stop imagining my SO(20M) with another girl my year.
Should I break up with him over these lies?
Any advice for helping a partner who has let themselves go?
Need marriage advice...
During an angry texting fight, my (41f) husband (43m) said the woman he cheated on me with (2 years ago) was the best sex he'd ever had.
29F with 29M- he bailed on our date and rescheduled but I find this situation sketchy
How do I flirt with my best friend?
Help with my boyfriend
Help with my boyfriend
What is love?
Wanted to share. Met one of my best friends because of a missed flight
Do you guys have any tips for flirting?
Help with my boyfriend
Is love not enough?
My wife wants to separate after 10 years
My (25f) boyfriend (20m) barely does anything around the house and gets angry when I bring it up. I’m not sure if I’m being unreasonable but would love to have some advice.
I miss my freedom so fucking much
Need some advice...[SERIOUS]
After 10 years of marriage my wife wants a separation
Any advice for helping a partner who has let themselves go?
?
Should I break up with him over this?
Not sure if I’m (25f) being too demanding on my boyfriend (20m) doing things around the house and cooking
I (15F) broke up with my boyfriend (15M), and I don't know if I'm being reasonable.
I(21F) need help dealing with a past crush(25M)
Should I ask my guy best friend to take my virginity?
I'm not the same anymore
What will happen if my [22M] manager [33M] gets fired?
My husband doesn't help me with anything around the house. Is this normal or am I wasting my time?
My (24m) fiance threatened to kill himself if I (22f) left him.
My (24M) fiancé threatens to kill himself if I (22F) try to leave him
My mother in law is going to make her daughter(my GF) suicide.
How can I [25/F] politely tell my husbands [28/M] family that I’m not interested in converting to their religion?
Asking a girl out in covid
Possibility of moving into an apartment early and previous tenants (M, F, 30s) asked me (F, 27) to pay portion of rent
In social media, being orbited feels worse than being blocked
Help with husband (30M) who won’t have sex with me (29F) because I’m pregnant
Was I in the wrong for being upfront?
I think I (25f) fancy my lockdown housemate(25m).
Gf asks bf to delete someone
Girl asked boyfriend to delete someone
How do I get my (f24) boyfriend (m27) to stop taking all of his stress out on me?
How do I get my (f24) boyfriend (m27) to stop taking out his stress on me all the time?
I need advice pretty bad on whether or not I’m overthinking my girlfriend cheating
My (18m) dad (44m) is getting more mad at my mom (44f) and it is really hard to deal with
The way my(19F) relationship started with my boyfriend (20M) makes me confused...
I (16F) am getting pressured into giving free gifts for family
Need advice on whether or not I’m overthinking my relationship problems
My (18m) dad (45m) is getting more mad at my mom (44f) and its really hard to deal with
I’m a male [21] falling for my lesbian [19] year old friend.
My gf likes eboys and I don’t understand
Is he (26M) into me (28F) or just stringing me along?
My girlfriend [19 F] likes eboys and I don’t understand it
Am I wrong for being grossed out at my fwb?
10 years today
I (16F) am being pressured for free gifts by family members
Should I break up?
I feel alone.
unsure
Relationship ended due to commitment phobia?
Can't find a good guy, what could be the reason?
Should I break up?
Can't find a guy that I'm interested in, what's wrong with me?
Dating someone with commitment phobia [30M/30F)
relationship sexual
i moved all of my stuff out of our apartment today.
Recent break up. 4.5 year relationship. We lived together. Have two dogs together.
Why is it wrong to take dowry?
My (17M) ex (17F) wants to give our relationship a second chance and asked me to celebrate her 18th birthday with her, what should I give her?
Recent break up
Ghosted by best friend after confessing feelings, now what?
I just got out of a 4.5 year relationship, and I can’t help but feel like I failed. It is wasted time that I’ll never get back. Share with me your experiences and any advice you have to change my negative mindset
How should I [24 F] tell the guy I've been seeing [33 M] that I want to stop seeing him because he isn't enthusiastic enough?
Does my bf [M26] really want a breakup? How else should I [F25] save our relationship?
Is it normal for your significant other to not want you there when they go out?
[28m] likes [24f] but I'm her boss and I wasn't planning on that
I suddenly without a reason fell out of love with my girlfriend
[28m] Office Manager likes [24f] office assistant, did before she was hired
New Office Girl Is Great, Except I Really Like Her, And I did before she was hired
I (26f) don't know how to deal with separating with my husband (27m)
ADVICE: There's no need to be in love with the person you start dating, it all comes with time.
Is it normal for your significant other to not want you there when they go out?
What should I do
My(34M) GF(33F) is moving to another city 2hrs away. I'm scared I'll loose her.
My boyfriend (33M) goes for "sensual bachata" dancing and it makes me (27F) uncomfortable
Relationship
I feel like I let a gem of a girl go. What should I do?
new relationship
My girlfriend won’t let me hangout with my friends
My(34M) GF(33F) is moving to another city 2hrs away. I'm scared I'll loose her.
My wife[f35] decided to be a lesbian after 18 years together 2 years ago. We decided to continue fwb [m36].
How do you break up with someone who is emotionally dependent on you with low self esteem? [19f, 23m]
My boyfriend is too sweet
My best friend (18/F) makes me feel like she wants my boyfriend(18/m)
How do you break up with someone who is emotionally dependent on you with low self esteem? [19f, 23m]
Boyfriend has been going out more frequently and says I can’t come.
My best friend (18/F) maybe in love with my boyfriend (18/m) ? She was talking to him in way that made me feel weird.
(F29) and (M35) I’m a different person- now what?
I'm (20sf) still in love with my ex (20sm) a year after breakup
Sad
I have a crush on a co-worker, what do I do?
My (20F) friend (19F) blocked me for no reason and I don't know what to do
My [25F] boyfriend [26M] is mad at me for not meeting his friends after I had a panic attack
I am extremely upset with my Husband over his new vehicle
lost myself in a relationship
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) doesn’t seem to follow through on his word.
I'm (20s) still in love with my ex (20sm) a year after break up.
Should I (23M) follow my old crush from highschool on Instagram?(24F)
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) doesn’t follow through on his word.
i (21f) really don’t enjoy talking to my friend (21m) on the phone at all. how do i approach this situation respectfully?
I'm [27/F] trying to develop reasonable expectations of the boundaries between my partner [34/M] and his kids' mum [34/f]
How to break up with my best friend/girlfriend ?
Sharing Passwords
Ever been ghosted in an adult, committed relationship? The fuck? F30/m28
Password Sharing
I am extremely upset with my husband over his choice of vehicle
Password sharing
Should I move cross-country with my boyfriend?
SUGAR BABY NEEDED
Should my boyfriend move cross country with me?
I'm moving but I'm not sure I want my boyfriend to come with me...
Which age should I get married
i (21f) really don’t enjoy talking to my friend (21m) on the phone. how do i handle this respectfully?
Ever been ghosted in an adult, committed relationship? F30/M28
Why are my two married friends M(25) & F(24) weird like this when it comes to hang out with me M(23) and my gf F(24)?
is my girlfriend lying to me?
Why are my two married friends M(25) & F(24) weird like this when it comes to hang out with me M(23) and my gf F(24)?
Why are my two married friends weird like this?
Dealing with loss
My [34F] husband [42M] makes fun of me for being a tree-hugging hippie, is he mean or am I overthinking it?
Dealing with loss
I [26M] lost my temper after someone said I need to support the statue protests because I am autistic. I am unemployed and it has made me (someone who rarely gets angry) snap.
I’m marrying my ex-bff’s boyfriend who was also my late boyfriend’s best friend
My (F22) boyfriend (M22) and his female friend (that used to be in love with him) text too intimately with each other
I [26M] lost my temper and pushed someone down after they told me I needed to support the protests because I am autistic. I don't usually get that angry and it frightens me.
I (20f) have a “situationship” with my former high school teacher (27m)
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested message me..............
I [f17] have a crush on a guy [m22] How do I sort out my feelings?
My Fiance of 1 and a half years [26F] and I [21M] have just got our first place together. I seem to do all the cleaning, I'm cooking most nights of the week, I'm also signed off with torn back muscles and sciatica.
Attempting to convince my sister (24f) to cut off our problematic and destructive brother (23m) from her life. Should I (27m) keep trying or leave them be?
Introverted and Shy guys
Is my boyfriend sensitive/dramatic or am I?
Is BF dramatic or am I insensitive?
I’m dating my ex-bff’s ex who is also my deceased boyfriend’s best friend
Should I (26m) be in a relationship being closet exmuslim in a muslim country?
Is he a gaslighter? (sorry it’s a long one!)
People I love are racist enablers
My [27f] friend [32m] is a breakdown and I don't know what to do
sorry but it’s a long one - is he a gaslighter?
Should I (26m) be in a relationship being a closet exmuslim in a muslim country?
Husband is too exhausted from work to invest in our marriage
My bf still looks at exes social media
My (25F) ex-boyfriend (27M) broke up with me to date another girl, but we are trying to make things work
I [f16] feel nothing when doing physical activities with my partner. Is there something wrong with me?
My [25F] ex-boyfriend [27M] cheated on me, but I still very much love him and want to try to make things work.
am i making the wrong choice ? (18f/18f)
am i making the wrong choice ? (18f/18f)
This is my (F18) first healthy relationship, but his (M19) father is aggressive and racist
girlfriend (25F) and I (25M) have issues, advice please.
i (18f) feel conflicted about my gf(18f)
My (29F) boyfriend (29M) Google stalked his female interns before they started to see if they were "Hot", am I overreacting ?
Am I (F22) Being Too Unreasonably Worried For Not Wanting to See My Boyfriend (M24) For 2 Weeks?
I (20F) am losing interest in a guy (20M) and he's done nothing wrong so I don't know why I'm like this
I don’t know what’s wrong with me
Married people who prefer how to sleep in their room alone, how you overcame this ?
This is my (F18) first healthy relationship, but his (M19) father is racist
Did I just invite chaos into my relationship?
Thoughts on this? [F, 18] + [M, 19]
My girlfriend (F25) and I (M25) have issues, advise please.
Advice Needed. Thoughts on this?
Guy getting distant after seeing my face and now I feel ugly
I (30M) had a friend (26M) that considers not initating to be a character trait.
Is not initating part of someone's character or is it a choice?
I ask my boyfriend to give me a call to wake me up in the morning so i can hear his voice first thing in the morning
My F25 boyfriend M25 always invalidates my feelings or gets annoyed/frustrated and angry when I'm upset or I cry he never comforts me.
My (F22) Boyfriend (M23) of 8 months barely spends time with me anymore and doesn't communicate why
Dumpers of reddit
Girl likes me, I like her back, she then dislikes me because I like her. (18M) (18F)
My boyfriend M25 always invalidates my emotions, never comforts me and always responds with anger and irritation when I start crying F25
I (27f) am frustrated that my dad (62m) insists on saving all his money for me
23 & Never dated anyone
Second opinion needed. Me (M28) having serious thoughts on leaving my loving but possessive (F28) GF – trying to distance myself in thinking. What should I do?
Second opinion needed. Me (M28) having serious thoughts on leaving my loving but possessive (F28) GF – trying to distance myself in thinking. What should I do?
Traumatized after a fight
Second opinion needed. Me (M28) having serious thoughts on leaving my loving but possessive (F28) GF – trying to distance myself in thinking. What should I do?
Don’t know what to do
My bf [M27] & I [F27] had an argument and this may have been the last straw for him. I'm unsure what else I can do to fight for him?
Fiance and I had a serious fight over something I did not once but twice.
I want a kid, my boyfriend is all for it. But is it too early?
my (21 f) boyfriend (27 m) added a girl on facebook that he knows i dislike.
The new guy[23M] I'm[22F] seeing is great but he thinks he can "speak cat"
I (27F) am not sure if I should stay in a relationship with my boyfriend (35M) who I really like because he has a very strict schedule.
I (23M) caught my girlfriend (20F) snap chatting other guys and lying about it
My (30F) bf (30M) says I’m dating other guys just because we’re in a long distance relationship
The new guy[23m] I'm[22F] seeing is great but he thinks he can "speak cat"
I (F27) am not sure if I should continued to purse a relationship with my boyfriend (M35) who has a very strict schedule.
My (20f) boyfriend (19m) cheated
I (20F) need to talk about things to move on but my ex (22M) who wants to stay friends as well avoids it.
How to break up with someone who is still in love with you
I (23M) caught my girlfriend (20F) snapchatting other guys
My (20F) boyfriend’s best friend (M20) has blocked me on social media
My (20F) boyfriend’s best friend (M20) has blocked me on social media
Relationship crossroads me 30 M her 27 F
Feel lost
My (32F) husband (35M) thinks that most women look bad with short hair, but that it's not sexist to think that.
Boyfriend is going to live with a girl, and I don't want him to. Should I really break up?
Crossroads of our relationship 30M 27F
How to break up with someone if the relationship is one sided
My husband (40M) is always miserable no matter how much I (33F) try to help
Girlfriend of past 7 years wants space and need time to rethink our relationship after telling her family about us
My (32F) husband (35M) thinks that most women look bad with short hair, but that it's not sexist to think that.
I asked my partner to wash his hair more frequently and now he’s acting like i’m the anti christ of free will
I (19F) am in love with my best friend (18F) and want to tell her. Some feedback for my letter/text needed (text in german)
i dont know
How can I (23f) delicately ask for space from my father (late 40s)?
Advice Needed. Thoughts on this? [F, 18] + [M, 19]
Boyfriend is going to live with a girl, and I don't want him to. should I break up with him?
I'm 22M, she's 28F. Should I try to get together with her?
Advice Needed. Thoughts on this?
Married and frustrated
My [21M] Asian friend [21F] is mad I'm dating interracially now when before she rejected me for being Asian???[
Help- completely lost
Loser ex-boyfriend stories?
i dont know
How to get over my fear of rejection in a relationship?
(24M) Wondering I should have a bigger group of close people or not at 24 years old.
My best friends ditched me on my birthday
(M24) Social relationships question for anyone who wants to give thier two sense.
My [21M] Asian friend [21F] is mad I'm dating interracially now when before she rejected me for being Asian???
Boyfriend is going to live with a girl, and I don't want him to. should this be a dealbreaker?
Male role models
I believe that you are either the player or you're the one getting played. How true is this?
My parents, family and i had a falling out. Everything feels too much for me at times. Should I ghost them all to be happy?
My partner told me that she was in love with a now deceased friend.. I need help.
Wife of 17 years accused me cheating, hit me with a hammer.
My parents, family and I had a falling out and everything feel like too much for me at times. Should I dust them all?
Does he like me or am I just overthinking?
Wife of 17 years accused me of cheating and hit me with a hammer.
People around me don't miss me
I 19(M) am considering ending my long friendship with my 20(F) friend because of the person she became.
Confused cuz I'm not sure if he likes me or what
Should I Unfriend Them?
Should I Unfriend Them?
Choosing a Life Partner while Heart Broken
I (19M) am seriously considering ending my long friendship with one of my best friends (20F).
How did I(21M) handle my first fwb relationship with D(21F)? Did I make any mistakes? People seem to think I messed up a lot. But I didn't. [
[29/M] Me and my girlfriend [26/F] are in an off / on again relationship. We want it to stop, and to get married. Not sure how to address our issues completely.
My (23F) boyfriend's (24M) ex-girlfriend (23F) is making a serious allegation.
My [27F] fiance [28M] is being passive aggressive due to what happened in the past.
My husband and his alarm clock...
My daughter needs medication to be around me
My best friend [F23] and I [F23] have very different communication styles and needs and its putting a strain on our friendship.
I (20F) have started to irrationally fear (23M) affection
is it common for guys to say "miss you" to their female best friends?
I [37/M] am having a hard time deciding whether to break up with my common law GF [36/F] after 6 years together.
Choosing a Life Partner while Heart Broken
How did I(21M) handle my first fwb relationship with D(21F)? Did I make any mistakes? People seem to think I messed up a lot. But I didn't.
How do you deal with parents relationship issues as an adult?
My (23F) boyfriend's (24M) ex-girlfriend (23F) is accusing him of rape
Was I [30/M] the emotional abuser was my friend [28/M]?
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years due to being long distance for the last 2. How do I rebrand myself, especially now that I'm in another country with no friends?
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years due to being long distance for the last 2. How do I rebrand myself, especially now that I'm in another country with no friends?
I recently broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years due to being long distance for the last 2. How do I rebrand myself, especially now that I'm in another country with no friends?
Am I (27F) Settling for my boyfriend (27M), or am I just not used to a healthy/non-toxic relationship?
Anybody tired of this fucking world?
I’m tired of this fucking world
Why Can’t I (19F) Stop Thinking About Him (22M), Even Though I Know It’s Best to Move On?
My ex and her new fiancé won’t leave me alone and I still have feeling for her
Infidelity thoughts
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested kik.....mommy00011
Why Can’t I (19F) Stop Thinking About Him (22M) Even Though I Know It’s Best to Move On?
My younger brother [22M] treats his girlfriends poorly despite being great brother to me [24F]. How can i convince him to change?
When you know, you know
Why Can’t I Stop Thinking About Him, Even Though I Know It’s Best to Move On?
Do people actually give their future partners those letters written by their ex?
My gf(F20) and me(M20) have been together for a year and she’s been recently stressed with work and starting to not show affection. What’s a good way to handle this?
How can I (19M) get my ex (20M) out of my life?
He (M19) genuinely cares about me (F19) and it freaks me out! I don’t wanna mess and ruin the good thing we’re starting because i’m scared
Girlfriend hates my Video Game Time
Husband [37 F] sings pretty dark songs to our children [7 M F] during bedtime. Should I [35 F] ask him to find more child-friendly songs?
He genuinely cares and it freaks me out!
Emotionally Unstable Women
My girlfriend [26F] is calling her ex behind my back [32M]
The Age Old Tale of Man and Woman Fighting Over Video Games!
My daughter needs medication to be around me.
How do I tell my girlfriend about cold sores without making it a big deal?
Am I in love with my female friend?
How do I tell my girlfriend about cold sores without making it a big deal?
Hey ladies of reddit...[M, 32] Why is it that when I reach out to one of you out here on reddit to chat and all I get either a no response OR I get ghosted after an initial accepted invite?? 🤔
Hey ladies of reddit... Why is it that when I reach out to one of you out here on reddit to chat and all I get either a no response OR I get ghosted after an initial accepted invite?? 🤔
Heartbreak and anxiety after failed engagement. Looking for tips, advice or thoughts
I [33,m] want my mum [62,f] out of my life
My girlfriend(33F) wants me(30M) to move in together and I don’t want to.
She’ll [21F] show me [23M] affection but when I try to return the favor she pushes me away? I don't know if she wants to date or be fuck buddies or just stay friends
Heartbreak and anxiety after failed engagement, looking for thoughts, tips and advice
Just entered a relationship but received a job offer across the country that I can’t refuse (26f with 27m, dating for 3 months)
Gf wants to meet family I really don’t want her to
Partner's abusive cousin is harassing him
[39/f] I was approached by a much younger guy (19-20/m). Should i go out with him?
I've had a (unoffical)relationship with a girl I really like, but now I dont know what to do
Girlfriend wants me to meet her best friend
Is it ok to be a virgin my whole life? 23M
He cheated
Am I doing the right thing? Trying to see if I can get feelings back for my (20f) BF (21m)
How do I(21M) make my gf(21F) stop feeling insecure that she isn’t attractive as a person because no guy except me ever liked her?
My (31f) gf (25f) doesn’t trust my judgment or friends
My partner's abusive cousin is harassing him
How do I balance 2nd shift work & relationships?
How do I help my SO open up?
My (35) year old girlfriend, and I'm (31) years old (boyfriend want me to meet her best friend
How do I help my SO open up?
Girlfriend wants me to meet best friend
My (31F) girlfriend (25f) doesn’t trust my judgment or my friends
Looking for advice on how to balance a 2nd shift job & relationship
My dad keeps telling me I’m a failure and I’m starting to believe him.
How to start the conversation with my SO that I'm worried his mom is beginning to have dementia?
I (M, 17) don't know if we should be friends or cut off ties with my ex (F, 17)
My (23f) bf (26m) constantly says I’m yelling at him whenever I try to talk to him about things- I’m at a loss for what to do
I [23F] feel anxious about telling my mom [52F] & friends where my fiancé [22M] and I are going to live once we’re married.
My (33/m) wife (32/f) and I are interested in having kids so she went to the Doctors. Few days later my wife gets a call that she tested positive for chlamydia
I want to understand why people want relationships so badly. Why?
I (22M) can’t make my girlfriend (21F) orgasm, and she never has experienced one ever. What to do?
How to start the conversation with my SO that I'm worried his mom is beginning to have dementia?
The guy (M25) I’m (F21) talking to has a problem with my drive anxiety
My daughter [5f] called my younger brother/her uncle (22m) dad. I'm (26f) not sure how to address this?
"A friend and a half"
Need an advice to understand this person's behaviour
Bf broke news that he just wants to be happy?!
Cousin with a drug dealer! Please help!!
"A friend and a half"
Late 20s and life-long single
Girlfriend is miserable all the time and worries about everything.
My (22m) roomate (22f) lost her job to Covid and is now driving me stir crazy
Is my (21) bf (20) too depressed to be in a relationship?
Late 20s and life-long single
My girlfriend (F22) and I (M22) struggle with communication and we don’t have anything in common.
My (22m) roomate (22f) lost her job from covid and is driving me stir crazy.
Is my (21) bf (20) too depressed to be in a relationship?
I (26F) can’t stand the atmosphere at home
Mother-in-law to be makes our relationship feel like I am in a relationship of 3
Should I [24] have such a horrible sinking feeling, knowing I'm going to break up with my SO [23] of 4 years..
I [27M] seemingly got back with ex [22F]. I feel like im going to breakdown daily.
Difficulty processing past toxic relationship
I can’t stand the atmosphere at home
Do you want the New iPhone X!?
Difficulty processing ex relationship
How do I ever forgive my boyfriend
In love with someone whose asexual.
Overthinking problems
After finally ending a 4 yr abusive relationship, I think I (24f) may have actually found a good guy (24m)
Time for the Love Fest weekend!
My (teen) boyfriend (teen) and I can't hold a conversation in real life after going long distance due to corona
Need advice on asking girlfriends mom for her blessing to propose.
Am I overthinking and being sensitive or is it something else?
How to recover after hurtful comments during argument
My(22F) boyfriend(24M) of four years only buys me gifts that are on sale
I (21M) Wanna Ask A Girl (22F) Out But Am Terrified
Do you think I (21f) have made a mistake with my ex (26m) who I want to be with?
Do you think my (20f) ex (26m) and I will be together again?
Ex and mutual friends
My(22F) boyfriend (24m) of four years only buys me gifts that are on sale
My (20M) Girlfriend (18F) and I Disagree About My Parents' Abuse
My (20M) Girlfriend (18F) and I Disagree About How Bad My Parents Are
I [25M] asked a girl [23F] out over Instagram. We never met but we’ve been texting for a month. She said she can’t do next week, maybe the one after - how can I tell if she is deflecting or actually means it?
Is my coworker/friend (m23) interested in me(f29)?
My (22) boyfriend (24) only buys things on sale?
Fights around children in a relationship
Fights in a relationship and how it effects children
My (21M) girlfriend (19F) is going to ditch me for a day and 1 night on our anniversary vacation. Is it OK or am I just being overly sensitive?
My partner (28M) is polyamorous, but I (26M) don't want to be anymore - any advice?
[17/f] GF decided out of nowhere she wasnt ready for a relationship and ghosted me, leaving me [17/m] hurt and confused
Is it normal to become irritated by someones presence?
Girl advice. Need opinions
Is it normal to become irritated by someones presence?
My partner (28M) is polyamorous, but I (26M) don't want to be anymore - any advice?
My (21M) girlfriend (19F) is going to ditch me for a day on our week anniversary vacation. Is it OK or am I just being sensitive?
How to answer intrusive personal questions from strangers in 1 min? (Creativity needed)
My boyfriend(m34) dropped a bombshell on me(f32)- I need help figuring out what to do
I (F24) haven't been truly honest to my bf (M27)
Am I (20f) falling out of love with my boyfriend (20m) and falling for his bestfriend (20m)?
Am i that wrong and bad? Please help.
My [27 M] cousin [22 M] sent a text to my girlfriend [26 F] calling me a wuss.
My husband (31M) has changed a lot and I (30F) feel like I don't know him anymore
Am I (20f) falling out of love with my boyfriend (20m) and falling in love with his best friend (20m)?
Remaining friends with an ex.
My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
I [25M] am anxious about the girl I am seeing [25F] dating other people
is there any way that I (22f) can talk some sense into my mom (55f) who keeps going back to her mentally abusive, diagnosed bipolar, narcissistic on/off boyfriend (60sm)
How do I get closer to my father?
[Help needed] Sustaining my relationship with my SO despite having to live with an overtly manipulative member from his side of the family
How do I get closer to my father?
My [34F] husband [42M] makes fun of me for being a tree-hugging hippie
Relationship with parents
[Help needed] Sustaining my relationship with my SO despite having to also live with an overtly manipulative member from his side of the family
UPDATE: SHE ASKED ME ON A DATE
My boyfriend has a really low libido
Am I (M23) wrong for not letting my now ex (F24) not visit her friend?
Girlfriend wants me to cut off a close mate that has been quite rude to her
Why i can't move on (22M) . She is still the one (22F) . How can I forget her?
What should I do about this girl? (I am 30 male, she es 22)
first love
What should I do about this girl?
I can't move on. She is still the one. How can I forget her?
I can't move on. She is still the one. How can I forget her?
Zen Music, Meditation Music, Healing Music, Zen, Stress Relief Music,
Can someone please help me figure out what to do with my long, confusing, relationship that is now over?
Zen Music, Meditation Music, Healing Music, Zen, Stress Relief Music,
Me and my partner don’t have much sex anymore, should i be worried?
first love
The border between caring and annoying
[UPDATE] My SO [28M] and I [25F] keep hurting each other, but neither of us wants to break up
The border between caring and annoying
How much is too much to spend on your SO’s birthday present?
Can someone give me some wisdom about my long, confusing relationship that just ended?
I [23M] Suddenly Feel Extremely Depressed and Lonely after College, Need Advice
I (36F) did the wrong thing to my partner (40M).
The border between caring and annoying
I’m (19F) currently just starting a break with my bf (19M) and need some advice on how to learn to trust people.
idk how to explain it
idk how to explain it
I’m (38f) stuck and I don’t know what to do
Should I get revenge on my ex?
idk how to explain it
idk how to explain it
Daughter might be suffering from depression
Best friend (18f) blocked me (21m) out of her life with no word on why
My (f22) boyfriend’s mom (F46) treats him like her husband (m22)
My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
Please help me sleep
Is my partner going to leave me if I share this with her?
Best friend (18f) completely blocked me (21m) out of her life with now word on why.
i(m16)'m worried that my hybristophilia is going to ruin my relationship with my boyfriend (m17)
My (37f) husband (39m) loving someone's bikini pics....am I the epitome of immature here?
My(25F) boyfriend(26M) wants to move in to my place, but I don’t want to live with his dog
My boyfriend (26M) ghosted me (22F) after 3 years of living together.
What to do when your BF thinks you are an uggo
Husband (32M) wants me (30F) to join his female team on a spa day
Tips on overcoming self-sabotage?
I can’t contact my friends I don’t know what’s wrong with me
I [M17] am struggling with others attempting to split me and my [15F] girlfriend
I [M17] am struggling with people attempting to manipulate my girlfriend [F15] in trying to break us up
My (26M) boyfriend ghosted me (22F) after almost 3 years of living together
My [F22] boyfriend [M22] says if we’re together, I cannot ever smoke anything ever again.
Overthinking problems
Overthinking problems
The girl I liked for years
Narcissistic? Game? HELP
The girl I like
The girl I liked for years
My boyfriend (m31) of a year wants to move across the country and I'm (f26) all of a sudden freaking out.
I [25M] Feel more emotional connection to animated characters then real people, and I am worried it will ruin real relationships.
My boyfriend (m31) of a year wants to move across the country and I'm (f26) all of a sudden freaking out.
My girlfriend and I took the Big Five Personality Test for Each Other
Is my [20, M] girlfriend [19,F] of 2.5 years taking me for granted?
I [26M] am scared that i can not emotionally connect with real people the way I connect to fake people.
My [20F] little brother [11M] is extremely spoiled. Parents won’t listen. How do I confront him - or them?
Daily Inspirations and Stories to your Inbox from Listserv.me
What to text an ex (33m) to let him know that you (29f) are open to rekindling things after years of not talking?
For those of you who lost a gf/bf to suicide in the past, is it hard to love someone new ?
For those of you who lost a gf/bf to suicide in the past, is it hard to love someone new ?
I (F19) am starting to lose trust in my boyfriend (M18)
Should I be offended at all?
I (F19) am starting to lose trust in my boyfriend (M18)
Breaking NC
My (F24) Bf (M26) is looking at nudes when he thinks I'm asleep next to him
Couples (18+) wanted for an international study on sex and relationships in times of Corona
What to text an ex (33m) to let him know that you (29f) are open to rekindling things after years of not talking?
Sex and relationships in times of Corona
My ex might’ve cheated
Should I chase to get her back or should chase me? (Very long story to explain)
My ex might’ve cheated
My boyfriend is racist, what do I do?
Why won’t he admit that he cheated?
Found a breakup letter my(23f) bf(26m) wrote 6 months ago. We’ve been together for 1.5 years. Where to go from here?
I'm in love with my friend's crush and I feel awful
Why won’t he admit he met someone?
My (26F) BF (26M) said he still loves his ex and she is his soul mate, he later apologised. Where do I go from here?
Help me make sense
I told my girlfriend that I'm not a virgin but I am..
I (23 F) been with boyfriend (25 M) for 6 years and need advice how to start changes.
We dated for a year and it’s been almost a year since we broke up but I (F17) still think about my ex (M18) every day
We dated for a year and it’s been almost a year since we broke up but I (F17) still think about my ex (M18) every day
I'm (23 F) and I have been with my boyfriend (25 M) for 6 years.
'Oh no it's fine, don't worry about it'. Biggest lie ever told.
It’s been almost a year since we broke up but I still think about my ex every day
Why do I(27M) struggle to take things slowly?
Replacement manager [M20s] is slacking a lot. Im [28f] getting frustrated with the situation and unsure of how to proceed.
Due to Family toxicity, I've grown up being submissive and it's being a problem in my other relationships, I really want to change that.
I've been submissive due to a bad family environment and I want to change that for good.
I told my "girlfriend" I'm not a virgin but I am, help?
What every relationship should never lack
Ummmmmmmm. Quick question...
How do you learn to apologize?
Ummmmmmmm. Quick question...
Ummmmmmmm. Quick question...
Ummmmmmmm. Quick question...
I need help
Umm?
My (34f) boyfriend (39m) is in a downward spiral and literally everyone has abandoned him. I want to also.
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested kik.....mommy00011
Well...
Is it a bad sign that I(21M) don't feel apreciated?
When did you realize she was the one?
On learning to apologize
Guilt is Consuming Me
My ex boyfriend went from not calling at all, never seeing our kids, to call a couple of times a week and wanting to see them more often; but is all over the place when he talks to me and says crazy things. Why is he doing this?
How can I be happy in my closest relationships
My (28M) GF (24F) is against motorcycles
Ex boyfriend calling me, AGAIN. But is all over the place and not making any sense(keeps jumping from one thing to another) why does he keep doing this?
I Feel So Guilty.
What to do if your SO is against motorcycles?
feeling SO confused
My (23f) niece (16f) is very manipulative and I’m not sure what to do
Feeling so confused
I (22F) am questioning my relationship with my boyfriend (24M) due to racial differences
What does it mean when the guy (21 M) I'm (20 F) dating doesn't ever text/call me when he's drunk/high?
why?
Help me, I'm lost
When is the right time to let go?
What does it mean when the guy I'm dating doesn't ever text/call me when he's drunk/high?
What do I do about my train wreck of a family?
My (29M) girlfriend (29F) always ask for breakup
My (29M) Girlfriend (29F) always asks for breakup
What do I do about my train wreck of a family?
My (29M) Girlfriend (29F) always asks for breakup
I [20M] don’t know how to tell my “best” friend [20F] I can’t hang anymore because she hurt my feelings
My (24M) Girlfriend (22F) wants to go see Europe without me despite us talking about it for years. Do I have a right to be upset?
Share thoughts on friendship strain
Should I tell my parents (who hate tattoos) that I plan on getting 2 forearm tattoos, or should I just show them after the tattoos are already completed?
My (24M) Girlfriend (22F) wants to go to europe without me despite us talking about going for years.
Should I tell my tattoo hating parents before I get 2 tattoos this month or just show them after I get them done?
My girlfriend is going to see Europe without me
Me (29) and gf (25) argue everyday
Me(29) and gf(25) argue everyday
I (F18) have been replaced in my friend group and I don't know what to do
Me(29) and gf(25) having arguments everyday
I just joined this app
I (F18) have been replaced in my friend group and I don't know what to do
On hope
My (27F) bf's sister (29F) called me for advice on her wedding. She thinks her fiance might have different motives for marriage
On the verge of total breakdown
My bf (27M) needs time alone when stressed, doesn’t realize it pushes me (26F) away
How long does it take to stop crying.
How long does it take to stop crying.
My (28M) girlfriend (30F) has gained weight and I've lost attraction
My friend passed away. Her ten year old daughter called me.
I just want to make sure my friend is correct...
Feel guilty
Feel guilty
Need advice, boyfriend wants to get tinder?
Why do I accept the poor treatment from men that I think I deserve? (36/F)
I (M17) have found myself in a love triangle of sorts
Suggestion
Why do I accept the relationship treatment I think I deserve? (36/F)
My bf (M19) is continuously shady and I don’t know if I should leave
Relationship advice
I (18F) don't know how to deal with my boyfriend's (18M) toxic friends
Why is it bad to be each other’s everything?
Why do I accept the treatment I think I deserve?
I (18F) don't know how to deal with my boyfriend's (18M) toxic friends.
Bf advice!! Pls help a girl out
I’m looking for some good resources to read about relationships, especially around questioning if you’re happy in them and if it is the right one for you. I’d love some high quality articles on the topic.
BF advice!! pls help a girl out
Husband’s gaming hobby is growing, and I don’t know how to approach it
My bf (M/19) is super shady and Idk if I should stay or not
Husband’s Warcraft habit is making me feel terrible
I’m (22 M) at a loss in my relationship. My gf (23 F) is awesome but it feels like I’m always on the defensive
So my boyfriend of two years finally met my friends
I [30M] want to pursue a relationship with my friend [28M], but he comes from a very violent family
I (19 F) am constantly comparing myself to my boyfriend (19 M) and his achievements
I'm Conflicted About whether to End Things
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested kik.....mommy00011
I'm upset at myself
Seven years in, and I don’t know what to do
someone to discuss relationship problems with
My old friends (~22F) make me (22F) feel bad about my healthy relationship
Ex cut me off completely because I refused to go to a psychiatric hospital
I (15F) need out of a sexting relationship with somebody I’ve been too passive to say my feelings to.
25 [m] tldr
25 [M] here TL;DR
20[f4m] im bored and get naughty
My (27F) boyfriend (30M) is angry at me and upset after my cats surgery he agreed to.
25 [M] here
My (35f) husband (37f) is acting neurotic about food.
How do I (19F) know if my abuser (20F) genuinely wants to change?
Me and my Dog are very close
I [19F] love my best friend [20F], but why do I hesitate to tell her things?
i (23f) often find that my bf (25m) is in bad moods and just generally brings me down
My (23M) girlfriend (26F) broke up with me on Sunday and I've been seriously contemplating suicide
Fiancé Troubles
My (26 F) husband (30 M) has extreme reactions and I don't know how to help.
Red flag or no?
I love my best friend, but why can I not bring myself to tell her things?
She broked things off the day before the engagement ring arrived
I (F23) have discovered that my BF (M22) had gone up to second base with another girl (F21) before me. It wasn't consensual, said the other girl.
I (F29) want to sleep with another man before getting married
How do I [19F] stop comparing the people I date to my ex [24M]
I (F23) have discovered that my boyfriend (M22) had sexually assaulted a girl before me.
I (26F) am considering an intervention for my (28F) aunt, advice?
Boyfriend [23M] lifts our mutual “drinking with the other gender” ban due to work. Gets shocked when I [22F] want the same treatment.
How do I (19F) stop comparing the people I date to my ex (24M)
I (28 F) am tired of my hsubands (31 m) emotional outbursts
I (26F) am considering starting an intervention for my (28F) aunt and I don't know where to start
How to tell my friends I'm moving
Red flag... or not?
Anyone else feel like they've found their perfect partner?
My (26F) boyfriend (20M) and I have an end date. Should I just end it now?
I (F29) am engaged and want to sleep with someone else before I get married
I think iam (17M)falling out of love with my girlfriend (17f)
Dealing (27F) with past sexual trauma and my current partners (27M) porn addiction, I don’t know what to do...
I dont know if im falling out of love and need help
We broke up on the day the engagement ring arrived
I can't tell if he's [26M] just using me [23F] for attention?
How to tell my friends I'm moving
I (21F) am being approached as an emotional crutch after three dates (22F)
Is my boyfriend a misogynist
Have I[25 f] stopped loving my fiance [30m]?
Don’t know what to do
UPDATE: I [22M] am still with my significantly older partner [almost 43F] and I'm conflicted
I [24M] looked in my gf's [25F] messages and saw her admit feelings for a friend [25M] while turning him down
Me 23 and this girl 21 approached in a interested manner, and it haunts my mind for some reason
This is my (18F) first healthy relationship, but his (19M) father is racist and classist
Please give advice I feel like I am walking on eggshells.
Why am I addicted to the wrong person?
Please help: Should I tell someone about my [19f] friend's [18m] depression even though he's asking me not to?
What do I do with a perfect but broke boyfriend
How can I prepare for a possible rejection?
My boyfriend (19M) gives me (20F) a bedtime. Does this happen often?
How can I prepare for a possible rejection?
My (25F) manager (29F) has been talking about me behind my back at work and I don’t know what to do.
I (27M) literally have no friends to hang out with and I don't know if there's something wrong with me, or what, but it's really starting to affect my mental fortitude.
1 Me [23 M] and girl [21F] approached me in a confusing manner, but highly interested manner. How do I interpret the situation?
I (27M) literally have no friends to hang out with and I don't know if there's something wrong with me, or what, but it's really starting to affect my mental fortitude.
Me [23 M] and girl [21F] approached me in a confusing manner, but highly interested manner. How do I interpret the situation?
How can I prepare for a possible rejection?
[LONG] My girlfriend (both of us 17) broke up with me but still wanted to remain friends and possibly get back together. Over the course of a week I ruined any chance we had of being friends.
Please help: Should I tell someone about my [19f] friend's [18m] depression even though he's asking me not to?
[LONG] My girlfriend (both of us 17) broke up with me but still wanted to remain friends and possibly get back together. Over the course of a week I ruined every single chance we had of being friends.
I (27F) think I was in an emotionally manipulative relationship with my ex-bf (36m). Any feedback/outside perspective is appreciated
Relapse on nicotine
Do I break up with the perfect broke guy?
Boyfriend (44) thinks it's weird to go on vacation with my (28F) family
Advice on Tinder fling (25 M)
Had a webcam interview with a cute girl from school, don't know how to make a move...
Advice on a tinder fling (23 M)
I (19 M) am about to lose it with my parents (49 M&F)
I (27F) think I was in an emotionally manipulative relationship with my ex-bf (36m). Any feedback/outside perspective is appreciated.
Is it ok to ask boyfriend (30M) not to listen to some of his favourite music around me(25F)? (certain hip hop/rap artists/songs)
Advice on ended tinder fling
Becoming an Aunt for the first time, Do’s and Don’t’s ?
My brothers [22M] gf [21F] has psychopathic tendencies
I [24M] looked in my gf's [25F] messages and saw her admit feelings for a friend [25M] while turning him down
My brothers [22M] GF [21F] has psychopathic tendencies
My (35f) boyfriend (30m) lied to me, is this a red flag?
My (20F) boyfriend’s (22M) parents have trapped him and I’m not sure what to do.
I(20m) fell for my friends girl (22f)
Me [m25] verbally attacked my ex girlfriend [f23] After learning she had cheated on me I don’t know what to do
I haven’t dated in a long time - where can I meet women?
Am I wrong for wanting to leave my marriage of almost 20 years?
My brothers [22M] GF [21F] has psychopathic tendencies
[22 M] depression and confusion ruining my healthy relationship with girlfriend [22 F]
Seeking for a long time relationship
Me [m25] recently texted my ex [f] horrible things drunkenly and I’ve never felt worse
I (23F) caught my boyfriend (25M) sending a sexual photo/messages to another female, he told me he thought it was "like porn"
Caught my boyfriend (25M) sending girls sexual photos, he told me he viewed it like porn.
Becoming an Aunt for the first time. Do’s and Dont’s?
Am I wrong for wanting to leave?
First kiss: how to know when?
4 years later and he's (35m) still scared of marriage with me (30f) - do I keep holding out?
I haven’t dated in a long time - where can I meet women?
I (22M) am terrified of my mom (50) dying one day
Need advice how to proceed
How do I breakup with my girlfriend without breaking her heart?
I 25M have been getting mixed signals from my ex 31F
I need relationship advice.
I (24F) feel like my boyfriend (20M) of seven months is pressuring me to move in too soon
Looking for good and loyal slave
I (22F) met a guy (25M) online who struggles with depression and quickly clinged on me for emotional support. How can I tell him I'm not interested in a romantic relationship, while also not having to worry that he'll hurt himself?
I 25M am getting mixed signals from my 31F ex
I need help
I (22F) met a guy (25M) online who struggles with depression and quickly clinged on me for emotional support. How can I tell him I'm not interested in a romantic relationship, while also not having to worry that he'll hurt himself?
How do I stop depending on my friends for my own happiness?
How do I break up with my girlfriend without breaking her heart?
AITA for wanting more?
What to do
How do I stop depending on my friends for my own happiness?
How do I(20M) move forward from a (22F)?
My (24 F) Boyfriend (35M) still has his ex’s clothes in the house
I (25F) want to leave my boyfriend (30M) because I'm not happy anymore and I feel like I can't grow more in our relationship.
I (19M) got betrayed by my (18F) girlfriend
Leaving my (24) emotionally abusive SO (44) homeless
What does it mean/how should I interpreted it when a girl asks if I have a girlfriend/SO? (general girl problems, sorta?..)
Did I (19F) make a mistake in breaking up with my partner (19M)?
My (25F) boyfriend (32M) never gives me gifts
Leaving my emotionally abusive SO homeless
Was my (15M) biodad (40M)....inappropriate with me?
Stuck in a fiddle about moving on
Should I rebuild the relationship with my father
i got betrayed
How to make sad boyfriend happier?
My (24 F) Boyfriend (35M) still has his ex’s clothes in the house
Why am I 17[M] being excluded by my friends?
Don’t know what to do
I don't want us to stop and he doesn't seem to know what he wants
I want to break no contact to tell my ex how I feel about our breakup.
Am I 17[m] hated by my friends?
My (38f) husband (40m) is verbally abusive, but only when really stressed. I am getting so used to it that I pretty much ignore it...how bad is that?
Am I 17[m] hated by my friends?
why am I 17[M] being ignored by my friends
My best friend of 15 years (F23) sent me (F23) a text ending our friendship.
My[39m] wife [34f] of 9 years is cheating and I have some proof but need more, how do I get it?
Why do ALL my friend ignore me? 17[M]
Me [22M] like this [22F] but it might be over...
My GF [25F] wants me[30M] to leave a WhatsApp group because she found a pornographic picture
My gf[25F] don't want me [30M] to be on a WhatsApp group where some friends send porn
He (30m) wants to be able to go out on a night with the lads but I (24F) can't?
My (33/m) wife (32/f) and I are interested in having kids so she went to the Doctors. Few days later my wife gets a call that she tested positive for chlamydia
My (25F) BF (32M) never gives me gifts
I (26/f) can't tell if we (26/f & 26/m) are feeling something normal or if it's an unhealthy amount of excitement for just starting to date
I [27M] have a friend [28F] who is more popular than me, at least on social media, and I need help deconstructing that this has any relation to our friendship's health or longevity
How do I [18F] better my relationship with my dad?
How do I (29f) get over or win back ex boyfriend (33m) that I really haven’t talked to in eight years?
Should I Still Be With Her?
Should I [22F] text my ex[23M]?
His anxiety issues tore us apart. Should I move on or try to reconcile?
I (26/f) can't tell if we (26 m&f) are feeling something normal or if it's an unhealthy amount of excitement for just starting to date
His anxiety issues tore us apart. Should I move on or try to reconcile?
My (20M) friends (20M) don't treat me as an equal.
Do I Move On?
Caught my boyfriend smoking.
My (21M) friends don't treat me as equal.
Do I move on?
Boyfriend (22M) of 6 months dealing with depression and is almost completely cutting contact with me (20F).
My [M24] long distance GF [F25] is being harassed by her parents into getting married
My boyfriend (25) is lying to me about how he's not smoking.
A fling asked me to meet with him after a year of not talking
Boyfriend (22M) of 6 months dealing with depression and is almost completely cutting contact with me (20F).
I'm having serious issues with my girlfriend and they've gotten worse due to her talking to someone else. What do I do?
My dad [62M] keeps getting weirder and I [23F] don't know how to talk to him or help
My SO upsets me on purpose
I'm having serious issues with my girlfriend, and they've gotten worse due to her talking to someone else. What do I do?
Why do my bf and I almost have two different relationships with eachother ?
I hate my boyfriend’s friends
I hate my boyfriend’s friends
Me 22f crushing on a 25m who bragged about a felony.
i hate my boyfriends friends
Would you still talk to someone after a one night stand almost every day months later?
Would you still talk to someone everyday after a one night stand?
Im(M21) not sure I love my (F21) girlfriend anymore
Girlfriend (18 f) and lesbian friend (18 f)
After a dry spell i(19M) got a date(18f).
Intentionally stepped on my foot in the break room and walked away, let go and move on or settle ?
Girlfriend (18 f) and lesbian friend (18 f)
I (23f) worry that I require more reassurance than my (26m) bf can/should give.
Girlfriend and lesbian friend
I (22 F) found old messages from my bf (22 M) and his friend before we even met how I was cool, but not pretty.
Im (M21) not sure I love my girlfriend(F21) anymore.
I (23F) worry that I require more reassurance than my (26M) bf can give.
I (18F) have serious questions about my LDR with my boyfriend (M20)
Gf mad about reddit account
I hate a “whatever you like” kind of person
I (18F) am having issues with my boyfriend (20M)
Got into argument after a post my SO made and want to fix it
My (18F) Mom (38F) has little sympathy.
I don’t know how to be comfortable with talking about the future
Good Looking guy (24m) but can't keep a girl.
My friend gave me a job. Now I want to quit.
FWB catching feelings
my boyfriend is two decades older than me and won't stop watching porn... help?
I (21/F) caught my siblings (14/F & 16M).....not being appropriate to each other
I (23F) think I might be jealous of my boyfriend (24M)?
Should I stop being romantic?
I (22 F) found out that my bf (22 M) has talked how I am very cool, but not pretty with his friends before we started dating
My boyfriend (19M) wants me (18F) to visit his parents once a week or more and I dont want to, what do I do?
I (21/F) caught my siblings (14/F & 16/M) being....not appropriate to each other
Totally obsessed with each other but we could never be together. I destroyed my other 3-4 chances with girls hinting straightforward because I was never over that girl. I thought I had moved on, but now I realize I have never moved on. Should I talk to the girl about this as I am very mature now?
My [27m] gf [27f] and I are struggling with LD and her loafing around all day
UPDATE: My (30M) Fiancée (29F) has discovered a new love of cooking and made me her unwilling sous chef
Advice on a Mother.
I think my SO makes me upset on purpose
I (18) got blocked by my long distance gf (17) for 2 weeks now.
My [28 M] ex-girlfriend [32 F] has my tax documents in her mailbox. This is causing some anxiety
My (25F) manager (29F) has been bullying me behind my back at work and I don’t know what to do.
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
Advice Wanted. Am I crazy?
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
Just found out my parents are getting divorced, how can i help my step mom?
My (25F) manager (29F) has been bullying me behind my back at work and I don’t know what to do.
Not sure how to feel at this point
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
I messed up, but BF treating me as if I cheated. Is he justified or should I put my foot down?
How to get over being left during a date
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
How long should I (28f) realistically wait for him to ask me to be his (26m) girlfriend?
M 20 in a relationship of 8 years hasn't missed girlfriend 21 F at all over lockdown
I'm [33 M] going on a date with my someone I've been interested in for the past year [29 F] after a very bad breakup. How do I prepare?
Totally obsessed with each other but never got together. She had a boyfriend back then, I destroyed all my possible relationships with other girls in the process in last 3 years. I am very mature now and I can talk to her about this. Should I talk to her about this?
How does one get over getting left during a date?
M 20 in a relationship of 8 years hasn't missed girlfriend 21 F at all over lockdown
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
Haven't missed my girlfriend at all during lockdown
Haven't missed my girlfriend at all during lockdown
How to let the little things go in a relationship
What do you need to fall in love?
Am I a bad mum?
I (18) got blocked by my long distance (17) gf for 2 weeks now.
Me (21m) and my "girlfriend" (21m) are on a break for summer
What is the ingredients of falling in love?
What are the ingredients of falling in love?
Am I a bad mum?
Just found out my parents are getting divorced, how can i help my step-mom?
Me [25F] and my sister [18F] got into a fist fight because I renamed her kitten
What are the ingredients of falling in love?
I know I made a mistake but am I being treated unfairly and being manipulated?
My (26M) girlfriend (23F) of about 6 months is planning to move in with a male classmate for fall+spring semesters and it’s causing me a ton of anxiety
My (27f) ex boyfriend (27m) dated me knowing from the first date that I have herpes. If you like someone, would you continue to see them even with the knowledge of an STD?
My (29/F) friend (32/F) of five years, who happens to be trans, has been bad mouthing me on social media and to our other friends for having said that our experiences as women differ.
I (27F) am having a hard time trusting my boyfriend (30M)
I (30F) need advice on how best to proceed with a toxic friendship with my childhood friend (30F)
I think about my Gf's friends while masturbating.
Is my (28F) relationship with my boyfriend (29M) doomed?
UPDATE: should I tell my bf about what my ex did to me?
Resource for same-sex couples: LGBTQ+ affirming online relationship help program (US 21+)
My (23f) bf(24) keeps offering to help me financially and is sad when i tell him no
My (25M) Girlfriend (25F) doesn't forget my past mistakes
I (18F) need help how to jump-hug boyfriend (19M)
Me [25F] and my sister [18F] got into a fist fight because I renamed her kitten
My bf (29M) makes me (23F) feel like he doesn't care because of how he behaves on the phone. Says it's because he's a man.
Issue on how to jump-hug bf
I (30F) need advice on how best to proceed with a toxic friendship with my childhood friend (30F)
how to let him down?
Breakups suck!
A rant...
How to resolve conflict over where to live?
Can't agree on where to live
M/42 and 35/F married 6 months can't agree on where to live
Underage boyfriend created an onlyfans
Married and can't agree on where to live (42/M and 35/F)
Can't agree on where to live
Me [21 F] with my sister [19 F] and I are having trouble getting along. She's easily annoyed with me most days, I'm sure I'm doing something, but also feel resentful about it. Please advice!
Weird situation involving where to live
Can't agree on where to live
My (25M) Girlfriend (25F) doesn't forget my past mistakes
My gf(17f) is mad a me for getting advice from my college friend (18f) and now I don’t know what to do???
How can I make up with my girl without normalizing/passing her bad behavior and being seen as a doormat or emotional pushover going forward?
My gf(17f) is mad a me for getting advice from my college friend (18f) and now I don’t know what to do
What do I do???
My girlfriend shuts down when I talk to her
Is this a red flag or should I stop worrying?
My gf is taking abnormally long to respond to texts. Do I have a right to be upset and should I be worried?
I (F17) was badly hurt by my ex (M16) while having sex and I don't know how to get over it
I (30f) feel bad after boyfriend (32m) told me be already has plans and can’t come to my sister’s birthday with me
What do I do??
TL/DR - Idk what to do, do i stay or do i leave (M28 & F27)
I (25M) love my girlfriend (21F) but I’m not in love with her.. sexual chemistry declining but libido at an ATH?
I feel bad after boyfriend said he couldn’t come to my sister’s birthday because he already has plans, not sure if I need to tell him how I feel about this
I’ve made an incredible unexpected connection and am falling for a Serbian man that is living here in the states. But he has plans to return back to his country to be with his kids. I am feeling so conflicted...
My[20f] boyfriend's [20m] mother is slowly driving me nuts
Does it sound like my mother is ashamed of me?
I (25, M) think I love my girlfriend (21, F) but I’m not in love with her.. sexual chemistry is declining, yet libido at all time high?
My[20f] boyfriend's [20m] mother is slowly driving me nuts
Advice on when and how to breakup?
I’ve made an incredible unexpected connection and am falling for a Serbian man that is living here in the states. But he has plans to return back to his country to be with his kids. I am feeling so conflicted...
help!! how do I tell an ex friend why I ended my friendship with her?
Break ups are CONFUSING
What does it mean when a guy rubs the small of your back
Advice on how to and when to breakup?
Fluff in Bellybutton
Roommate [30M] was exposed to COVID and didn't tell me [27M] or distance himself. Feeling pretty betrayed. How should I move forward?
help!! how do I tell my ex friend why I ended my friendship with her?
help!! how do I tell my friend why I ended my friendship with her?
Advice on how to and when to breakup?
IDK if I should leave and try to be happy or stay for my kids and deal with it
Could this be a stalker? (30-40sM) I (30F) just need an outside opinion
Relationship with mother is suffocating me
Ive done it boys
Needing advise on how to and when to breakup?
Any advise on when to and how to break up? (24F) & (28M)
My (23F) brother (27M) didn't defend his fiance from our mother and he blames me for talking to her about my mom
Help with a friendship
Is my make-out buddy into me?
I (26f) don’t know what to feel about the relationship with my boyfriend (23m)
Friend trying to find himself?
How do I let him know that I want to take this bromance to the next level?
Relationship with mother feels like it is slowly killing me
Could this be a stalker? (30-40sM) I (30F) just need an outside opinion
How can I (30m) make things right with my borderline racist SO (32f)?
My [28F] boyfriend [36M] has asked me to not spend one on one time with my guy friends without asking for his permission first.
What do you find more important? physical attraction or... everything else? 30s female.
I'm worried about my mum's [49F] smoking
I am afraid of having a girlfriend.
Is my make-out buddy actually into me?
I’m (M20) worried about my girlfriends (F21) shocking lack of self confidence and respect for herself, but her mental health makes her believe it’s not a big deal. Advice?
I (29m) want to right this ship with my borderline racist (?) gf (32f)
Is it normal to ghost after 9 dates [23F]
Literally nothing to say to him
I am afraid of having a girlfriend
Having questions about breaking up. And when to do it?
[NSFW] I don’t know how to make my girlfriend feel less alone in improving our sex life
I [26m] feel like a bitter loser and I broke up with my girlfriend[22m] and stopped talking to my friends.
Is my girlfriend (F17) being a bit inconsiderate about this situation?
Relationship with mother feels like it is slowly killing me
Husband (20M) Saying He Needs Space & That I (20F) Should Go Visit My Parents For A Few Weeks.
[NSFW] I don’t know how to make my girlfriend feel less alone in improving our sex life
!!!!
I'm worried about my mum's smoking
Is it me? Am I to blame?...
My girlfriend (20) doesn’t seem to put any effort into seeing my (20) point of view.
How do I (23F) deal with my partner's (26M) deflects?
Nasty argument breakup, no closure, mental health issues at play
should we call it quits ?
My 22(M) boyfriends stress from work is having a bad impact on our relationship
when does it become too much ? 18f/18f
We met online and I am terrified of meeting him in person because I am scared that he will hate my face.
Husband (20M) Chose His Friends Over Me (20F). Feeling Ignored.
My GF (16f) isn't happy in our relationship because I'm (16M) too stone cold.
Is my (20F) relationship with him (25M) weird?
How can I [17, F] make my mom [49, F] respect my wishes?
Nasty argument breakup, no closure, mental health issues at play
How can I make my mom respect my wishes?
Woman cheats on my caring father, wonders why her family is pissed off.
Was this rude of me?
Woman cheats on my caring father, wonders why her family is pissed off.
[Advice Wanted] Thinking of cutting my father and stepmother out of my life
Struggling to trust again
Please help: this single issue is destroying my relationship
My (25M) wife (25F) just never wants to move
[M18] - [F18] Ignoring me out of nowhere
Argument ended relationship, no closure, mental health problems at play
Struggling to move on after my (m/24) ex(f/23) broke up with me
How do I (20F) approach this situation with my ex (21M)?
M 18 - F18 Ignoring me out of nowhere
I (17)M had my hair braided by a woman (19)F without my girlfriend knowing
Advice to make a relationship between two diagnosed individuals work?
I (19)M let another woman (20)F braid my hair
Bf afraid of talking pictures
beginning to give up on someone close to me
my boyfriend doesn't seem willing to make time for me
How do I text a girl I’ve dated off and on telling her that “I’ve been thinking about her, & I miss her” without sounding desperate?
Should you date someone you’re not attracted to?
How do I [24 M] reach out to a [23 F] that I'm interested in but haven't spoken to in months?
My [15F] Boyfriend [15M] have known each other for 7 years, been together for 3 months. I love him to bits but he just isn't very affectionate. What can I do?
How do I separate my mother from my friends?
My [15F] Boyfriend [15M] and I have been together for 3 months, known each other for 7 years. I love him to pieces but he just isn't that affectionate. What can I do?
I’m so desperate at this point.
How can I (22/M) deal with a hypocrite roommate (23/M)?
Just found out today that my (23m) boyfriend of 7 years cheated on me (23f) with our roommate
How can I (22/3) deal with a hypocrite rommate (23/M)?
I hate My fiance on Socials
I never opened myself to anyone Now its time ..My boyfriend never buys me gift in 4 years and im having alot of problems in my relationship .
Am I too closed up with my bf? Am I at fault?
Me [24] needs advice on reaching out to [23 F/] that I haven't spoken to in months.
I (26M) do not know how to tell my good friend/roommate (24M) that he needs to get a grip
BF [30sM] of one year and I [30sF] have started bickering every other day about chores, how do I improve this?
Is it bad that I’m still affected by my ex 3 years later?
Am I too closed up with my bf? Am I at fault?
Just looking for direction and not sure what to do.
My wife (36) says I (28) only care about myself because I don't share my career with her
How do I (20F) approach this situation with my ex (21M)?
Always arguing and I'm at a loss
In a dark place & really need inspiration from other dads out there
Letting go
My(24M) GF(23F) cant seem to see things realistically
How do I text a girl I’ve dated off and on telling her that “I’ve been thinking about her, & I miss her” without sounding desperate?
My(24M) GF(23F) cant seem to see things realisticly
I (26M) do not know how to tell my good friend/roommate (24M) that he needs to get a grip
My daughter’s psychologist is ghosting us
My husband wan
My daughter’s psychologist is ghosting us
I'm (17f) socially inept and my therpiast has suggested making friends online. However I often get ignored on Reddit/Discord/Twitter/Forums, what do I do?
BF [30sM] of one year and I [30sF] have started bickering every other day about chores, how do I improve this?
My boyfriend watches porn and it makes me uncomfortable...
My(24M) girlfriend(23F) doesnt seem nderstand reality...
I saw this interesting question on yahoo about a mom upset because her son is dating an African woman
I (26F) am trying to figure out how much my relationship with my boyfriend (28M) should factor into my grad school decision. Am I putting our relationship at the right priority?
Letting go
Me [33M] with my Wife [32F] Talk about Police/System reform without offending her [County Attorney]
How do I (20F) approach this situation with my ex (21M)?
Should I give him a try?
I don't know if u can be best friends with my best friend any longer
How should I interact with him? Should I give him a try?
I (26F) am trying to figure out how much my relationship with my boyfriend (28M) should factor into my grad school decision. Am I putting our relationship at the right priority?
She [mid 20sF] asked me [mid 20sF] to reset and slow things down while she figures things out and we've felt distant since. Should I offer to give her some (more) space to figure stuff out?
She [mid 20sF] asked me [mid 20sF] to reset and slow things down while she figures things out and we've felt distant since. Should I offer to give her some (more) space to figure stuff out?
I [26 M] want to buy my GF [24 F] new clothes but she won't let me
Fiancé (28M) doesn’t believe I (23F) got raped
Should I tell a new boyfriend I once kissed one of my guy friends?
Should I give in... and text him back?
signal shit
I feel like I can no longer be best friends with my best friend
Was this rude of me?
Should I tell a new boyfriend I once kissed one of my close guy friends?
Curious
I (F18) need to stop being so paranoid and clingy over my bf (M20).
My [28m] girlfriend [28f] went through my AirBnb account and found out about an extravagant vacation I went with my ex-girlfriend [23f] to Vienna and stormed off
I (F38) think my aunt (F54) is my biological mother
How do I (20F) approach this situation with my ex (21M)?
relationships
I just need some insight on a bad situation
I'm [f/27] torn between my partner [m/29] and another man [m/30]
I [25M] deeply resent my Asian gf[19F] for supposedly preferring White men
I just want a little insight on this situation
My brothers GF is cyber bullying me and he impliedly endorses it
My (21F) ex SO (27m) won’t return my stuff despite amicable break up
Dating my bestfriend and things aren’t going too well. Now we’re on a break.
What makes it okay to leave pregnant gf?
Why would someone not return their ex’s stuff?
What makes it okay to leave pregnant gf?
How do I get more emotionally connected with my wife?
I(29F) am my dads(64M) emotional support person. How can I help him better?
I[24M] deeply resent my Asian gf[19F] for supposedly preferring White men.
What makes it okay to leave your pregnant gf?
Considering breaking up with gf (30f) over lack of chemistry - how do I (31m) even approach this?
Afraid of marriage but not commitment?
I (F38) think my aunt (F54) is my biological mother - help
Shaky Relationship Advice?
I am at a loss on how to talk to my brother (M17) about what frustrates him about me (M23)
My [28m] girlfriend [28f] went through my AirBnb account and found out about an extravagant vacation I went with my ex-girlfriend [23f] to Vienna and broke up with me
Would you give your boyfriend oral sex with morning breath?
I slept with 3 guys before I was 19.
Could she (F26) have cut me (M29) off because of a major life change?
Could she (F26) have cut me (M29) off because of a major life change?
Asking for comfort from my boyfriend makes me feel like I don't respect myself....
Need some more hit me in the face with Reality Reddit advice bc no contact is not working 🤦🏻‍♀️
I’m homeless and accepted 2 different offers to stay with 2 different people. How do I graciously tell the other my change of plans?
Is being in a relationship the same as exclusivity?
Can someone give me (19, M) some advice on how to handle this situation with my crush (18,F)?
I deeply resent my Asian girlfriend because I have this idea that she prefers White men.
Is my best friend a jerk?
How to get more emotionally connected with my wife?
Is she being a jerk?
Need advise with dating... help
HELP! NEED ADVICE!
I (21M) and my (28F) girlfriend have been together a year and a half and i told her i want to breakup when i go to college.
Need some more of that Reddit smack me in the face with reality comments,bc going no contact is not working 🤦🏻‍♀️
Am I wrong or is she a jerk
I (21M) and my (28F) girlfriend are planning on breaking it off in 10 months.
Am I doing the wrong thing by not breaking up with my boyfriend?
Advice on breaking up with my 16f girlfriend. I'm 17m
Help my ex wants me back but he was terriible
Dating my bestfriend and things aren’t going too well. Now we’re on a break.
Is it unfair to ask my (31X) able-bodied partner (26X) to do the lion’s share of chores?
Girlfriend (26) refuses to remove ex pictures from fb
Has someone that ghosted you ever popped back into your life? If so, how did you handle it?
I've never dated a supportive man
My (24M) GF (22F) told me she doesn't want to go on a trip with me
Do little lies lead to broken trust?
BF (34M) texts female friend frequently and it’s starting to bug me (34F).
I (21m) figured out my sexuality and worked through it with my (19F) girlfriend
My boyfriend who lives with my immunocompromised parents and wants to go to a party during a pandemic.
Boyfriend spent over $100 on hentai porn games and cosplay nudes, and only watches porn of Asian women. Want help to be more comfortable with it.
Should I [23F] give my coworker [20M] a heads-up on me interviewing for a higher position?
Skinship difficulty
I (21m) figured out my sexuality and worked through it with my (19f) girlfriend
My Friend (28f) is clingy. I have the feeling I can't breathe.
UPDATE: I destroyed one of the most important friendships of my life.
How do I change my ideas about relationships? [28f]
My(21M) girlfriend(20F) and my long time best friend(21M) lied to me for over 2 years about their past.
I have officially been dumped for the first time in my life.
Considering breaking up with gf (30f) over lack of chemistry - how do I (31m) even approach this?
I have officially been dumped for the first time in my life.
Am I asking for a lot ?
I blocked (and broke up with) my [20F] BF [22M] after days of no talking
Am I wrong for asking for affection from him?
How can I make this relationship normal again?
I’m 22(m) and have been with 4 women. My girlfriend is 19 and has been with 3 men.
I [f18] don’t know if my boyfriend [m17] is physically attracted to me
I feel like his roommate.. Am I wrong for asking for affection?
Sex partners 19years old
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
BF (31M) parents (F/M 60s) are always at our house and I (26F) am starting to feel overwhelmed.
I [21M] split up with my love and best friend [20F] because she needed time to be independently happy and not need to only gain happiness from the relationship. How do I cope with this? How could I get her back?
My 19 year old girlfriend has had 3 previous partners. Is this normal for a girl of her age. I’m 22m and have a similar history.
I (22m) accidentally ghosted my friend (20m). How do I get back in touch with him and apologize?
Me [33F] with my husband [36M]. Together 9y, married 1y. How to stop micro-managing the household.
Would you marry a woman who slept with 3 guys before the age of 19
[29F] [31M] I want the baby he doesn’t please help!
My Family want to take care of my elder brother (19 M) who abused me like 10 years.
I (24f) unfriended a friend (23f),quite abruptly, a few years ago and miss her.
I (24f) unfriended one of my best friends (23f) a few years ago and miss them.
I (24f) unfriended a friend (24f) a few years ago and I miss her.
I unfriended a friend a few years ago, and miss them.
My boyfriend makes me feel like I am always second to his family.
Would you marry a woman who slept with 3 guys before the age of 19. I’m 22 and have had 4 partners.
I (25F) unfriended a friend (24f), a couple years ago, in the heat of the moment. I have recently started to miss her more and more. What should I do?
I (25M) was incredibly hurt by my (34F) girlfriend and don't know if I'm overreacting.
How To Ever Get Over The Love of my Life
I (25M) was incredibly hurt by my (29F) Girlfriend, and don't know if I'm overreacting.
Is it worth me being in a relationship with someone selfish if the selfishness only appears during rare, low moments?
Sister [14f] lied to get our dad [47m] to beat me [17m] up. Now she "feels bad" but won't own up to it to our parents. What do I do?
What went wrong? Did I ruin my relationship?
Is it worth being with someone who's selfishness only rears it at your rare low moments?
My boyfriend (30M) calls me names and is mean to me (28F) when we argue. Am I being unrealistic and dramatic to think this isn’t normal?
I have to take care of my brother who physically abused me for almost 10 years
In a new relationship, how often is normal to be seeing each other?
I (27M) found the girl of my dreams (29F). However, she may have a boyfriend, how can I best approach this?
(24F) Am I over reacting to my boyfriend? (25M)
Should I still seek a relationship with someone I don’t see a long-term future with?
I (F30) don't know if I should tell him (M32) about what my ex (M31) just tried to do.
I [22/f] feel annoyed because my bf talked about something that made me feel bad, what should i do?
Boyfriend [25m] having doubts about his security in relationship with [25f]
My[32F] Aunt[60F] has cut ties with my Dad[55M] and the rest of our family over an anime meme I posted about cops.
Dating someone who gets bothered by you using your social media
Would you marry a woman who slept with 3 guys before the age of 19. Is this normal
I NEED TO KNOW IF I'M (25F)OVERREACTING OR HE'S (30)ACTUALLY OUT OF LINE
I (25F) TO KNOW IF I'M OVERREACTING OR HE'S (30) OUT OF LINE
I (27M) have found the girl of my dreams (29F). Unfortunately, though she's never mentioned him to me, she probably has a boyfriend. How can I best approach this situation?
(24F) Not sure if I’m over reacting to my (25M) boyfriend.
I seriously don’t get it. Can someone please help?
I am [22F] dating my boyfriend [43M]
I seriously don’t get it. Can someone please help?
I (25F) NEED TO KNOW IF I'M OVERREACTING (30M) OR HE'S ACTUALLY OUT OF LINE
I'm (M28) struggling with my girlfriends (F24) lack of intimacy
What does it feel like to be wanted?
I want to stop talking to him but it seems impossible...
What does it feel like to be wanted?
How To Make Friends
I want to stop talking to him but he says I'm being selfish
My [39 M] and my GF [30 F] of 5 Months are having issues about Social Media/Snapchat after a breach of trust.
(24F) Not sure if I’m over reacting about what I found in my (25M) boyfriend’s car
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested kik.....mommy00011
I don't want to be single anymore!
He (20M) caused an accident in anger and I’m scared (20F) and don’t know what to do
Worried my husband doesn't find me attractive after gaining weight.
My (22M) girlfriend (20F) is going to get a *strictly platonic* sugardaddy and I am struggling to come to terms with it.
Thoughts on staying friends with an ex?
Partner making many careless mistakes
How To Make New Friends
Thoughts on staying friends with an ex?
Besties
I can't stand being single anymore!
Partner making very many careless mistakes
Am i right to be mad about this?
Would things have gone better if i (21F) just opened up more and let him (21M) be the support I needed
22(M) asked me 21(F) to be his girlfriend... I think he’s having second thoughts
I(F28) wanna get away from a toxic partner(M36)
Pretty Noona from Disneyland
Do I (f26) have trust issues or is my boyfriend (m27) in the closet?
Have you ever been trauma bonded from a narcissistic relationship?
My dog died, and it's my fault.
Do I help repair the relationship with my brother and dad?
Boyfriend left this morning. Now what?
Boyfriend packed up and left this morning. What do I do in the next 24-28hrs
My(29m) bf and I (23f) are at a war. How can we stop tearing each other down?
My (29M) bf and I (23F) are at a war with one another. How can we stop tearing each other down?
I'm [21/F] considered not 'fuckable' by guys
My boyfriend (28M) broke up with me and blocked me (33F)
My (20NB) relationship with my bf (19M) is too good to be true? How do I stop being paranoid?
[M]e 21 and My [G] 20 Third time is the charm, Hopefully. For those people who want to get back with someone.
I (32M) don't know how to feel about my girlfriend's (31F) response to conflict
Controlling boyfriend pleads mental health issues after break-up. The woman takes him back.
My partner of 3 years told me today that he is in fact a racist
My (28M) fiancé (27F) is pushing Christianity on me
my ex bf (27/M) was told by his friends that my (26/F) tinder photos were “risqué”
My [27F] Mother [45F] refuses to take responsibility for or admit to allowing my stepfather [49M] to emotionally abuse me as a child
Me (30M) confused about my friendship with friend (26F)
How do I (22M) navigate my girlfriends (23F) pending divorce?
[18/m] need help
paying rent to partner who owns the property
I (25m) just had an argument with my (24f) girlfriend
Please help! My boyfriends dog obsession is driving me crazy. Or I’m already crazy
My F[24] Ex M [26] contacted me non stop just to tell me he is seeing someone and can only be friend even tho I never talk to him lol
I’m worried I’m the problem here...
I (20F) got followed in the park today and my boyfriend (M 21) of 4 years is upset
Me (30M) confused at the status quo with my friend (26F)
I (F20) got followed in the park today and my boyfriend (21) of 4 years is really upset about it
My (28M) fiancé (27F) won’t stop pushing Christianity on me
Am i worng for saying this about loyalty to my girl
today I got followed and when I told my boyfriend he got upset
(20/m) my girlfriend (27/f) had sex with someone else which I gave the okay to, and now I regret it since we have to do long distance for a while
Should I [M22] explain to my bi gf [F23] that I’m bicurious? If so how?
I (22M) think I'm falling for my friend's (23M) girlfriend (25F)
I can't stand being single!
It’s my (29M) daily that my wife (31F) can’t continue therapy
I [20F] fell in love with my best friend [19M] and his daughter, how could I ask him out without moving too quickly?
I think I'm falling for my friend's girlfriend
Controlling Boyfriend Feeling Suicidal After Break-Up.
Sorting my self out: the anxious-avoidant relationship model
Need constructive advice to overcome insecurities about myself and girlfriend’s past.
Father keeps coming to our house uninvited. We just had to ban him from visiting. Parents are divorced but he still has share in the property. Mum, brother and I live together
The anxious-avoidant relationship model
Controlling Boyfriend Who After Break-Up Reveals He's Suicidal.
Is it possible for me (F21) to save my friendship with my good friend (F20)?
The Rule of Threes
My (30F) ex (31M) is now dating a 24(F) year old and I don’t know how to feel about it
[M]e 21 and My [G] 20 Third time is the charm, Hopefully.
I [22m] cheated on my [21f] partner
My (30F) ex (31M) is now dating a 24(F) year old and I don’t know how to feel about it
How do I (M28) break up with my girlfriend (F24) of 3.5 years who is suffering from mental illness?
How do I know when it’s really over?
hi i didn't know why my sister screamed in my face last night
How do I know when it’s really over?
How do I (F22) talk to my boyfriend (M23) about his anger?
My[24F] boyfriend [24M] seems to spend so much time with his friends lately and I feel like we never spend alone time together anymore
What was your stereotypes about college realtionship?
Why does it always feel like your ex gives their new partner everything you’ve ever wanted
My [33f] boyfriend [33m] of 4 months is still friends with his ex. Last night he said she asked to get together with him, I feel really insecure, worried I’ve ruined things.
What should I do?? Will they break up??
Tell me recent relationships that ended sadly?
Breaking up with my (31m) best friend (21f) because I still have feelings for her from a recent relationship.
My (55m) son (25m) is mad that I'm giving my daughter (30f) control of my company. My wife (53f) and I don't know what to do.
I don’t think I’m ready for another relationship please help me
I(20,M) just broke up with my gf (20,F)
How do I (f28) get over stuff my bf (M30) does?
Breaking up with my (31m) best friend (21f) because I still have feelings for her (we dated). Can't tell if I'm being selfish.
I(17 M) tried to sleep with my best friend(18 F) while blackout drunk.
I had a crush on school but now I’ve graduated, what do I do?
Anybody got married to their best friend? How did it happen!?
Me[32]m and my father [52] stole important information from me
I (25F) cannot stop fantasizing about my best friend (29M)
My father hacked into my computer and stole important logins and informtion
My Boyfriend of 9 months says he has no problem not looking at other girls, but then posts on different posts on Instagram, Reddit etc saying stuff like "Damn I wish my girlfriend allowed me to look at anything other than her", what do I do?
Do I stay or go?
BF [25f] refuses to discuss my childhood difficulties openly even when I [25f] want to
I (F22) ran into someone I used to know (M22?) who sort of ghosted me, and I’m wondering if anyone could figure out why?
I'm an anxious mess [F22] at the thought of ending it with my partner, [22M] despite having had doubts for over 6 months. I need advice on how to go through with it.
I made a mistake.
The Makings of Love
I've fucked up.
My best 2 years may be coming to an end and I really need advise
My best 2 years may be coming to an end and I really need advice
My boyfriend (m18) gave me (f17) an std should i confront him about it?
My [28M] BF [25M] says a healthy relationship means doing what he wants
I [22F] have a crush on my boyfriend's brother [both 21M] and need it to stop
Advice on trust issues
My (23M) girlfriend (24F) is incredibly work shy and it's a drain on our relationship.
Almost lost my relationship yesterday
We're drifting apart and he has no clue. What should I do?
I (25M) am feeling lost and confused over a recent breakup with (21F). I’m broken.
No reply from a shitty ass friend [F21] who I [F21] always have to approach. Should I even bother again?
my (23f) long term boyfriend (25m) would leave me if I was 'too' mentally ill
SO games all night, sleep all day
My boyfriend[M30] and I[M25] have been in a semi long distance and open relationship for under two years but feels like it isn't going anywhere.
He's an artist and has a stable job now but wants to quit and rest for a 6-12 months. Should I break up with him?
My [20F] friend [21M] of 6 months is too clingy.
Should I tell?
Confronting partner about weight gain
What to do after telling someone "they're just a friend", and them telling you that death would be better for them
Is it weird for my age ?
I (30M) want to see my FWB (27F) more often but want it to stay casual. Approaches?
Love girlfriend but struggling with thoughts and attraction after 2 years of weight gain. Want to stay with her. Advice needed.
Am I asking for too much?
Am I asking for too much?
External opinions needed. Heart and brain conflicted.
Mom (60) getting divorce. How can I help?
How do I (24F) stop obsessing about my ex (24M)?
38F and 24M have been having issues and need a couple's therapist.
Need recommendations for a couple's therapist online. Please suggest.
Need recommendations for a couple's therapist online. Please suggest.
My girlfriend is too good for me & I don't know how to accept it or what to do
I don't know how to end a friendship without losing all my friends
Need a reasonable couple's therapist online. Kindly recommend.
Need a reasonable couple's therapist online. Suggestions?
What to do after telling someone "they're just a friend", and them telling you that death would be better for them
My [22M] gf [22F] wants to get married to in a couple years but I think she’s not even close to being ready.
When is persistence weird
I (23M) don't know if she (20F) still loves me
Friendship breaking up
After 3 years together he returned to his ex and I find it difficult to move on
When is persistence weird
My fiance did something extremely out of character regarding a friend of mine he just met after not being willing to meet any of them for 2 years.
He returned to his ex and I find it difficult to move on
After 3 years together he returned to his ex and I find it difficult to move on
He returned to his ex and I find it difficult to move on
After 3 years together, he returned to his ex and I find it difficult to move on.
Is this too far?
Is this too far?
After 3 years together he returned back to his ex and I find it difficult to move on.
Is this too far?
How do I move on from a really damaging and toxic relationship that happened years ago?
i (F18) feel so alone and like everyone’s against me
i (18F) feel so alone and like everyone’s against me
What to do to have a better communication with your parents?
Is it okay to ask my boyfriend to choose between me and weed? F [23] M [23]
Newly 17y/o sister with concerning behavior.
Is it okay to ask my boyfriend to choose between me and weed? F [23] M [23]
19yo girl here. How do you talk with your parents? What's the normal stuff you tell them?
Is it weird for me (38m) to ask for professional advice from an ex (37f)?
I need out.
(19yo girl) How do you talk with your parents if they are very fastidious? My mom is 40 and my dad is 50
Is it okay to ask my boyfriend to choose between me and weed? F [23] M [23]
how do i (23f) fully break things off with my toxic ex (23m)
I (18F) am unsure about my feelings toward my girlfriend (18F)
I (24f) can’t stand my (21f) sister.
How does one heal from extreme gaslighting?
I think I'm incapable of falling in love.
How do you talk to your parents
My (30F) exboyfriend (33M) posted our photo together as his profile photo in facebook and I am having mixed emotions
Is the grass ever not greener?
I (F26) am seeing a guy (30) and I’m confused. I’m not experienced much in dating and I need some advice so that I could neither stay to make it work or leave to save my feelings and time
My (30F) exboyfriend (33M) posted our photo together as his profile photo in facebook and now I am having mixed emotions
Heart break
Is the grass ever not greener?
I think I'm incapable of falling in love.
Is the grass ever not greener?
My(30F) ex-boyfriend (33M) posted our photo together as his profile photo and I'm having mixed emotions
Heartbreak
I (F 25) want to elope with my girlfriend (F27)
Me (30F) and toxic cousin (32F) - how to handle this, and am I overreacting?
I (F26) am seeing a guy (30) and I’m confused. I’m not experienced much in dating and I need some advice so that I could neither stay to make it work or leave to save my feelings and time
Is it okay to ask my boyfriend to choose between me and weed?
I think that my (21F) boyfriend (25M) might not be attracted to me
I (F21) need advice if my BF's (M27) actions are red flags
How do i move on from her? How do i stop thinking about her?
Helping BF Adjust To My Sudden Fame
I Think My Boyfriend Is Resentful Of My Sudden Fame
what is consent and what was wrong
How do I (23F) convince my boyfriend (23M) it wasn't his fault?
Advice for first date
I (F26) am seeing a guy (30) and I’m confused. I’m not experienced much in dating and I need some advice so that I could neither stay to make it work or leave to save my feelings and time
I need help with ex troubles
Advice for first date
How do I move on from a really damaging and toxic relationship that actually happened years ago?
Relationship bump (serious?)
How many times can I ask my (f26) boyfriend (m30) is straight?
I need help with ex problems
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested kik.....mommy00011
Not sure if this is the right Sub but...
I (35M) can’t handle my girlfriend’s (35F) needy, passive-agressive, controlling behaviour.
what is consent and what was wrong
WWYD: Narcissist and his new supply
Me [24 M] with my Girlfriend [23 F] of 5 months, parents are emotionally abusive to her younger sister [15 F]
Would it be weird if I[26F] ask him[31M] if he still has a girlfriend?
How do I (23F) convince my boyfriend (23M) it wasn't his fault?
My boyfriend [23] has a whole another side of him and I don't know what to do
I think that my (21F) boyfriend (25M) might not be attracted to me.
Close friends drifting apart but he (24M) has no clue.
Me [23M] just some drama and am I SIMPing for this girl
Anniversary ideas
anniversary ideas
How to leave what (May/May not) be lost
How to leave what may be lost
Advice on how to leave when scared
34M. I met a woman who want's me to consider seeing other's purely sexually and she wants to do the same for herself.
(27F) Can't get past the "hookup/FWB" stage with online dates (M aged 28-33) in the year I've been dating since ending a LTR. Help?
34M. I met a woman who want's me to consider seeing other's purely sexually and she wants to do the same for herself.
How do I [25/F] ask my roommates/friends [27/F, 24/M] to move out as nicely as possible?
Inappropriate sexual relationship with my brother when we were younger, now trying to figure out what to do
Is she [23F] insecure or am I [26M] controlling?
How can I (27F) help my Little Sister (14F) after mom's recent death?
I (19F) don’t know if I should break up with my (21M) boyfriend or stop overthinking.
I (M19) messed up and caught feels with my female roommate (F19) and I don’t know what to do
I (M19) messed up and caught feels with my female roommate (F19) and I don’t know what to do
My (F30) boyfriend (M28) won’t stop arguing because I don’t value receiving oral sex as much as he wants to give it.
I (M17) miss my Ex (W17)
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) has a friend who is really starting to affect our relationship and it has barely even started.
Me (M17) broke up with my ex (W17) and I want to get back with her .
Is my (19F) boyfriend (21M) a real man?
I (F30) have been fighting with my boyfriend (M28) over oral sex.
Is my (19F) boyfriend (21M) a real man?
LDB BF (20M) and I (20F) are going through dry spell. Help?
I want to get back with my Ex, I messed up breaking up with her
Is my boyfriend a real man?
19 F Do guys like getting woken up to some head?
Would it be a bad idea for me(F17) to date my friend(F18)’s ex-boyfriend(M18), who is also a close friend of mine?
Do guys like getting woken up to some head?
Red Flag?
I (M19) am not sure how to support my friend (M19) through the loss of his best friend (F20)
Has anyone ever taken their husband off the lease while he was out drinking, again? I need guidance
Mysterious Package *Slight NSFW*
18F I don't know if my parents are over controlling or if I'm being unreasonable
A question about cheaters
SO wants a simple wedding, I don’t.
I am very curious about this one.....
Cheaters?
Not sure how to deal with my (33m) new gf (26f) finding out about the Trust that I will inherit in 2 years.
I (33F) looked in my bf(33M)’s phone and discovered that he continues to do things behind my back. But if I bring it up, my looking at his phone becomes a bigger problem than his secrecy.
I (22F) let go of my (21M) fling because he wanted to find himself
https://pexplore.com/dating/get-over-someone-you-love-heres-how/
Getting out of a 4 year relationship. Long story. Sorry.
This may seem a bit trivial compared to others questions.
Male (22) struggling to find closure from a double-family bereavement and breakup that happened over a year ago.
so this may seem trivial compared to others.
Do I (22F) owe my abusive ex (35M) closure?
How to stop trying with a toxic narcissist?
need advice on my 2 year relationship
Is it wrong to not be cool with my BF wanting to be friends with an ex?
need some advice on my 2.5 year relationship
Clueless
Relationship or Friendship where is the line.
Boy I'm in a relationship with said yes to prom with me and then told me he's going with someone else.
9 Tips to Forget your past love [ Tried and trusted ]
Finally NOT ACCEPTING toxic men!
I (24F) was an idiot and agreed to remain friends with a guy (30) who rejected me
I (24F) was an idiot and agreed to remain friends with a guy (40) who rejected me
Finally NOT ACCEPTING toxic men!
I (24F) was stupid and agreed to remain friends with a guy (30) after he turned me down
I (31M) am struggling to balance my relationship with a new SO (29F) who is on the ‘front lines’ and my mother (68F).
Does my coworker [22M] like me [21F]?
Ghosting a Long Term Relationship
My girlfriend (26F) and I (28M) can't stand my brother's (24M) girlfriend (26F).
emailing ex boyfriend
How To Get Over Retroactive Jealousy
I (23 F) might move cities in 2 or more years for school/career, but my (23 M) boyfriend who I love might not want to come.
Is this suspect?
Confidence Issues
I'm conflicted between wanting to be in a relationship and following my religion as it is.
I (23 F) Thinking of moving eventually but in an amazing relationship with 23M
Ghosting a long term relationship
Advice: I am catching strong feelings for a girl but don’t know if her past should be an issue
I'm in my 30s (f), broke up a few weeks ago, worried about having to date again and worried about being alone for the rest of my life
Tips for a first relationship?
Red flag?
Tips for a first relationship?
*I'm an adult virgin*
Need constructive advice to overcome insecurities about myself and girlfriend’s past.
Need help breaking up with a possible histrionic partner
Ex best friend can’t get over the fact that I still have friends in that friend group ( ages at star are 14 and end at 17)
To Leave or Not to Leave, That is the Question
No reply from a shitty ass friend [F21] who I [F21] always have to approach. Should I even bother again?
Dating in your 30s after traumatic breakup
am a 25 year old male and the girl I am interested in is 22 years old. I am really attracted to her and she has amazing qualities, she is genuine, open, honest, caring, supportive, respectful, etc. I really like her but something is holding me back.
I just found out kids at school are making fun of me and now my older siblings are trying to defend me and it's making it worse and I'm just having a mental breakdown.
My (15M) girlfriend (15F) says she doesn’t feel anything for us
gf emailing ex bf
I m[17] am starting to feel attracted to one of my friends f[17] and I'm afraid I'm going to lose our friendship
Did I cause my son’s [18M] mental meltdown? If so how can I make it up to him?
emailing ex boyfriend
I want to go to the shore for a week but I feel bad leaving my gf alone at home
Me [M18] getting mixed feelings for her [F18] what should I do?
contacting ex's
contacting an ex
Cheated on my twice (and other drama).
She was my love and my best friend, she wanted to split because she needed time to make herself independent and happy by herself, and not on the relationship, how do I deal with this, is there any way to get her back?
My husband (32M) and I (32F) are infertile and no longer have sex. Wondering where we go from here
HOW TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY (EVEN WHEN ITS NOT YOUR FAULT)
No reply from a shitty ass friend who I always have to approach. Should I even bother again?
[29F] [31M] Help! I don’t want an abortion but he does !
Splitting up with abusive ex - should we split our bonded cats?
My boyfriend won’t stop invalidating me behind my back.
lol
Breaking up with boyfriend - to split the cats or not?
I keep wanting to enter a relationship but I know its not halal. Should I act on my feelings or try to change them to fit my religion instead?
K
Need Advice
My boyfriend won’t stop invalidating me
Master/slave relationship with slave feeling empty *nsfw*
I think I’m losing my best friend and I don’t know how to cope
Uncertain about new additions to our relationship?
My (25M) wife (25F) has got fat and I don't know what to do about it.
How do I (19F) handle watching my ex (21M) fall in love with someone new when i’m not over him?
How do I (24F) get over the trust issues I have with my bf (25M)?
idk what to do and ive put this off for far too long
How do I find a girlfriend that won't abuse me like my parents did?
My (25M) wife (25F) has got fat and I don't know what to do about it.
Best Friend (18 F) Has a New Friend (18 F) who doesn’t feel comfortable around me (17 F)
idk what to do and ive put this off for far too long
Should I cut ties with my(f17) friend(f17)? Can she b dangerous?
Does marriage = consent?
Is having two phones (neither for work purposes) objectively sketchy? Asking for a “friend”
How do I (19F) handle watching my ex (21M) fall in love with someone new when i’m not over him?
How do I find a girlfriend that won't abuse me like my parents did?
Unsure about new additions to our relationship?
I keep wanting to enter a relationship but I know it can't be halal. Should I act on my feelings or try to change them instead?
idk what to do and ive put this off forever
Best Friend has Another Best Friend who isn’t comfortable around me
I (42M) dont know if my daughter (17F) is developing an eating disorder
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) has frequent suicidal thoughts & I'm not sure how to help him.
Friend (21F) wants me (20M) to experience the single life after being in a long relationship, but is now setting me up with her friend (21F)
Should I message after 4 and a half months of no contact?
why am I [29F] attracted to people that use me, abuse me or don't respect me at all? [long post]
Considering terminating therapy because therapist is negative
why am I [29F] attracted to people that use me, abuse me or don't respect me at all? [long post]
My (25M) wife (25F) has gained a lot of weight and I don't know what to do about it.
How much privacy is reasonably expected?
Big sigh
Holding in stuff for 5 years (22M), want some insight. I’m embarrassed.
Deleted texts from coworker - he says he "panicked"
Considering terminating therapy because therapist is negative
(23F) noticed my (30M) liking and commenting on his best friends ex’s Instagram pictures
I feel desperate to be in a relationship but dating is not halal. Should I wait even if it bothers me a lot?
I (21m) am always the initatior when we want to meet, is this normal? (other person is 30m)
Am I f (27) second best?
[29F] I want to keep my baby [31M] wants to abort help
I (18M) told my best friend (18F) that I like her and this happened.
I worry that my boyfriends ex will always be ‘the one that got away’
My(15M) boyfriend’s(15M) friends are saying terrible things about me and trying to make us break up.
Depressed long-distance boyfriend (30,M) of 4 years may want to end things due to my (28, F) needs for our future. Help?
I told my best friend I like her and this happened
Do people use the word love casually to feel more comfortable saying "I love you" for the 1st time? F 35 M 39
How should I handle my inlaws removing me from MIL obituary and replacing my name with my husband's ex's name?
I (20m) told my dad (45m) I was scared of him when I was a kid and he said that’s normal.
I feel desperate to be in a relationship but dating is not halal. Should I wait even if it bothers me a lot?
I (20m) told my dad (45m) I was scared of him when I was a kid and he said that’s normal.
It's upsetting to desire human interaction but keep getting ghosted when I seek it
Am I a jerk?
I(20F) haven't met my bf's(19m) friends after 1.5 years of dating. Where do we go from here?
I broke up with my girlfriend because I thought she was mentally abusive. Three months later I now understand a different reality
Do people use the word love casually to feel more comfortable saying "I love you" for the 1st time?
It's upsetting to desire human interaction but keep getting ghosted when I seek it
Today me (27F) and my husband (30M) let our friend (29M) vent to us and the info he gave us left us questioning our friendship with him.
My (28M) boyfriend was caught going in the women's bathroom at grocery store me (26F)
I feel like getting in a relationship but it feels wrong.
On the fence
How do I [23F] stay apart of a friend group when my ex is in it??
Being Alone vs. Looking for a Relationship
Kinda teetering
dating a youtuber
Girlfriend physical abuse or boyfriend being childish
What do you have to prove in your relationship?
My dad blames me for everything
We're growing apart
Old issue resurfacing
Discussing weight gently with boyfriend?
Old issue resurfacing.
I broke up with my girlfriend because I thought she was emotionally abusive. Three months later I’ve learned a new reality.
My (43f) boyfriend (44m) broke up with me because of my muffin top.
Dating a youtuber
I need help this is getting hard
Long Distance Lesbian Relationship
Should we [27-31 F/M] stand our ground with the boundaries we set or let it go this one time?
Girlfriend commenting on other men
My LD boyfriend of 3 years barely wants to have sex whenever we see each other
Girlfriend commenting on other men
Female physically abusing her boyfriend or boyfriend being petty
How do I [23f] stop talking to him [35M] without hurting his feelings?
Our interests have diverged
dating a YouTuber
Boyfriend keeps sending his friend (girl) music and never sends me any
My [20M] partner [20F] has severe dependancy issues and it's taking a toll in a big way. What do I do?
GF Physical abuse or petty BF
How can I communicate better?
My crush (22M) sent me (20F) a dick pic out of nowhere
Should I reply?
I’m 26, male. My cousins of 14 and 16 just lost both their parents. We rarely meet or talk. How can I start building a relationship with them?
Lockdown military tinder match
I (23F) noticed my (30M) liking and commenting on his best friends ex’s Instagram pictures
Young relationship with sex problems
I (31F) moved in with my SO (32M) at the start of quarantine and it’s one of the hardest things I’ve ever done
Lockdown tinder match in the military
Is trying to change because of a guy, even tough I don't know if it will change his opinion about me, a bad mindset?
A young guy who really just needs help about how to make his gf climax
I (31F) moved in with my SO (32M) at the start of quarantine and it’s one of the hardest things I’ve ever done
Sister of ex keeps in contact with me
[32M],insecure with relationship with [28F]
What do you girls think of your boyfriend liking/commenting on another girls Instagram pictures
I've [26M] never dated before. I've kinda liked one of my friends (Alice) [23F] for a while, but thought we wouldn't be a good match. Just matched with someone (Betty) [27F] on an app and our conversation is great, but now I'm thinking about trying with my friend. Idk what to do.
I want to break up with my [M13] boyfriend but I really don’t want to hurt his feelings or make him feel like it is his fault.
Not sure who’s the one in need of help. My gf (25F) and I (26M) fought about attention.
Bf won’t introduce me to his family
Me [32M],insecure with relationship with [28F]
How to pay back a friend for a car ride when they don’t accept money
I want to break up with my [M13] boyfriend without hurting his feelings or making him feel bad about it
Bf won’t introduce me to family
My (24m) girlfriend (19f) has guy friends who are obviously into her. What is the mature way to approach this?
I (24F) feel like I broke up my BF (27M) and his best friend (27M) and I feel horrible.
I want to break up with my boyfriend but I really don’t want to make him feel like it is because he isn’t good enough or something like that
My friends accuse me[M26] about being a sugar baby of my girlfriend[F42]
My (24m) girlfriend (19f) has guy friends who are obviously into her. What is the mature way to approach this?
I (25F) feel like I broke up my BF (26M) and his best friend (26M) apart and I feel horrible.
How should I weight the importance of me [22M] seeing my [22F] girlfriend amidst coronavirus?
Me [28M] dating while maintaining a casual FWB [27F] of six months
My Ex have posted a profile photo of us in insta
Guys in relationships, how do you deal with your girlfriend having guy friends who are obviously into her?
I (29M) broke up with my girlfriend (28F) and I feel nothing.
My gf (25F) and I (26M) got into an argument about me not giving her attention.
It really upsets me (25F) that my boyfriend (27M) follows women celebrity subreddits and other accounts of real girls. I’m sensitive and it just rubs me the wrong way.
He gives me everything, except for his time and affection. Is it wrong to be unhappy?
I have 'everything' except for my husband's time and affection and it's making me miserable.
My [25F] male best friend [25M] installed Tinder and I feel weird
I have ruined one of my favourite relationships and I hate myself for it.
Would it be insensitive/inappropriate of me to offer my boyfriend my own money toward an engagement ring?
Are we doomed?
Followed my girlfriend to a distant city, but she's moving again?
Toxic people
I don't want my sister to cater my wedding
Low point
How do I [f/27] break up with a partner [m/29] who is doing everything right?
Advice on making friends
My (F19) boyfriend (M19) is threatening to hurt himself after I broke up with him
How do i move on from my shameful past? (Female 19)
Would it be insensitive/inappropriate or too materialistic of me to offer my boyfriend money toward my own engagement ring?
My (F19) boyfriend (M19) is threatening to hurt himself after I broke up with him
My (28f) trust issues with my (29m) partner
My boyfriend is threatening to hurt himself after I break up with him
My (28f) trust issues with my (29m) partner.
I feel like my boyfriend doesn’t really love me anymore.
How do you deal with toxic people?
How have you dealt with toxic people
I feel like my boyfriend doesn’t really love me anymore.
My [58F] and [58M] parents have abused [18F] me all my life
I'm 18(F) and have never dated or kissed anyone. I wanna have a relationship, but the ones I'm interested in are not interested.
My (26F) mom (57F) has no savings, lives beyond her means and has no plans to improve her financial situation. How can I help her without ruining my own life?
The girl I’ve been talking to got assaulted by her cousin.
My parents [50sM] and [50sF] have been abusive all my [18F] life.
My boyfriend [24m] is upset about me [21f] getting a tattoo. How do I handle this situation?
The girl I’m talking to got assaulted by her cousin.
Do you have toxic parents?
The girl I’ve been talking to got sexually assaulted by her cousin
I (39f) am really struggling on how to deal with an angry man (41m) -- I'm failing.
My [28f] fiance [37m] lied about soliciting prostitution in his past and recently came clean
My boyfriend is upset at me, and I think it’s because I’m getting a tattoo. How do I handle this situation?
How to get my point across and validate someone at the same time?
Gold digger uses me and then cheats on me
My boyfriend is upset with me, and I’m pretty sure it’s because I’m getting a tattoo. How do I handle this situation?
I think my (26F) dad (55M) cheating on my mom (45F)
I think my (26F) Dad (55M) is cheating on my Mom (45F). Emotionally?
I can't bring myself to change the Netflix password.
I am too short to get a girlfriend :C
Gold digger uses me and then cheats on me
Is there even anything worth saving now?
I (25F) am seeing a guy (26M) that doesn't want a serious relationship because of his unsolved past.
Men: what does your SO do that makes you feel loved?
What is a good way to handle a break up, show that I am happy on my posts or show my sadness over the break-up?
Help breaking up with a possible histrionic partner
I wish I saw the red flags sooner
Just wanted to get this off my chest
Is my relationship doomed?
I (18F) want to stop being friends with someone online (18F), but...
My (26 M) father (59 M) thinks my Fiance (26 F) is unattractive and does not approve of our marriage. He thinks I am putting bad genes in the family.
I (27/f) have ZERO interest in dating--actually a bit annoyed by it?
How do you set the record straight AND validate someone at the same time?
I still feel terrible - How do I get over this situation?
Men: what does your SO do that makes you feel loved?
Completely sprung after first date (24f) (24m) please talk sense into me
How do I (30/F) kindly explain to my older sister (34/F) that her constant negativity is draining for me in a very real way?
I can't bring myself to change the Netflix password.
Men: what does your SO do that makes you feel loved?
I think i’m being emotionally abused
I[22F] think that my friend [22M] is overly dependent and possessive to the point I cannot bear it any more. He's a nice person so I don't know what to do
Girlfriend (25 f) dislikes my (30 m ) relationship with my baby sister (10 f)
I still feel terrible - Please go IN on me
Brother [17m] had loud enough sex with his GF that I [16f] could hear them last night. Should I tell him?
Me [31M] with my wife [29F] together 7 years (dated 5.5, married 1.5, separated 5 months) reoccuring fight over Grad School / Salary / Career
32F struggling on becoming comfortable in my healthy relationship
is it ok to bf (20m) calls his girl friends cute names
My (29F) Friend (30M) is engaged to a woman I can't stand...
Found boyfriend’s $30 onlyfans purchase
BF (35M) thinks I’m (32F) using him as an ATM.
Having a tough time
I don't think my boyfriend is right for me. But we have a baby on the way.
My GF (32/F) and I (35/M) broke up and I need help
I need a solution
Having a tough time
Was it something I said?
Was it something I said?
My [22f] girlfriend won't tell me [22m] what happened last night.
My (m26) mate (M22) forgets things and has no compassion - how best to proceed?
Cheating mom
Roommate hasn’t paid rent and I don’t know what to do
I (30sM) need advice regarding my Mother (50s). I live overseas.
Am I being selfish?
Husband (20M) Doesn't Stop Talking About Wrestling. I (20F) Don't Want To Come Across As Rude. How Do I Tell Him?
Fear of intimacy?
My (27F) boyfriend (27M) is giving me the silent treatment and I don't know how to respond
Tl; DR I think my boyfriend might break up with me
Getting back with your ex
Me [24F] and my boyfriend with [26] of 9 years are very happy together. Yet I am very curious about other girls
Am I being entitled or is my bf just doesn’t genuinely care about me?
Has anyone ever dated someone with antisocial personality disorder and/or narcissistic personality disorder?
M(47) and F(36) - Married 7 years - Not sure what to call this behaviour or how to resolve it
Tl; DR I think my boyfriend might break up with me
My (M25) mate (M22) has a really bad memory nor any compassion and it's bothering me - how best to proceed?
Not sure what to call this or how best to handle it
My dad (67 M) will not let me (24 F) see friends in person until a vaccine is available for covid 19.
New guy I'm talking to doesn't seem to have a filter
My boring is boring and mean. I don't know if breaking up is an option for us though.
My (21m) girlfriend (18f) is putting out some red flags and I'd like some opinions
I’m 17F and I’m terrified of having sex or getting intimate
I (21F) reached out to my emotionally abusive ex-boyfriend (20sM) and realized I'm above it all now.
(27f) Struggling with feeling jealous of friend (26F)
New guy I'm talking to doesn't seem to have a filter
I'm not sure this is the right place to ask this question, but how important is sex in a relationship?
Am I(24F) emotionally manipulative for asking my friends for advice about my relationship?
Jealous/Insecure Girlfriend
My husband’s undiagnosed anxiety makes mine so much worse
Jealous/Insecure Girlfriend
I [22/f] jerked another guy [19/m] off. what should i do?
Is it possible that 20y/o guy interested in 15 y/o girl??
My (21m) girlfriend (18f) is putting out what I feel are red flags and I want opinions
My(27/f) friend (29/f) is married to an abusive husband that is also my SO’s family member
We moved in with my family [60s M-F] while my wife [29/F] recovered from a heart attack and surgery. Now she doesn't want to move back out and wants to stay for another year. I [28/M] am a bit surprised.
bf is close friends with a girl that i have had problems with
I [24 M] need help on how to talk to my GF [24 F] of 2.5 years about my concerns and stop avoiding conflict with her
Is it possible that 20 y/o guy interested in 15 y/o girl
I need to leave her but I can’t!
My(27/f) friend (29/f) is married to an abusive husband that is also my SO’s family member
Disagreeing about police with my BF, gets a worse turn
I (f22) am in a relationship with mentally abusive partner (m21) and dont know what to do
Not sure if I am in a LD relationship or LD friendship [M/20, F/20]
My girlfriend is so insecure about her (beautiful) appearance, it’s damaging us
Me [25 F] and my fiance [26 M] asked a long time friend of ours [26M] to be our officiant for our wedding. He has since developed a heavy drinking habit and were not sure how to proceed.
My parents [50s] are strongly trying to make me get along with one of my family members because we[20s,F] argue too much and I am sick of it
I (F23) Am in mentally abusive relationship but I love him (F22) and feel helpless
I only want the truth
My [25m] girlfriend [23f] went to the protests and now wants to see my diabetic [55m] [52f] parents, I said no and she and now her family thinks I am punishing her and trying to control her beliefs.
What to do after messing things up with an S.O. who will stick around anyway, since we're in the same friend group?
My (F24) parents (F54, M56) keep claiming that they will never see me again after I move less than an hour away.
Communication or lack thereof - M22 dating F19 who is religous/not as mature
Awkward living with sibling who has a boyfriend over?
Fiance Not Making Safe Decisions
Awkward living with sibling and their boyfriend over?
I really want to please my girlfriend who is a virgin and has never orgasmed.
How should I (22, f) feel about photos and screenshots of other (dressed as well as barely covered) women on my boyfriends (23, m) phone and Instagram?
Relationship fracturing, please help
How to not feel insecure over one of my boyfriend’s girl friends? (32m, 21f, together four-ish years)
My (25F) boyfriend's (27M) ex still interacts with his parents 4 years later...
Does he just hate himself?
If a guy hates himself...
I’m [26F] not sure how to feel about my boyfriend [27F].
How should I feel about photos and screenshots of other (dressed as well as barely covered) women on my boyfriends phone and Instagram?
Six years in and I’m still asking myself: Do I stay or do I go?
Please help me(23M) sort my long distance relationship with my girlfriend(21F)
It's a doozy but I would appreciate any advice.
How should I go about getting her the flowers she deserves?
Partner telling me she can't talk as she's at work later than usual, when it would appear she actually isn't...
My [30/F] boyfriend [31/M] is allowing a video game to take precedence over me and it's getting a little ridiculous.
22(M) asked me 21(F) to be his girlfriend... now he’s started to go quiet on me
Gf gifted me printed underwear
I [22F] think my boyfriend [20M] has feelings for his “old friend” he hated until recently
I'm very in love with my boyfriend but his behaviour makes me feel trapped.
Six years in and I’m still asking myself: Do I stay or do I go?
Please help
Does he still love me?
How should I go about getting her the flowers she deserves?
My GF (32f) broke up with me (32M). I am confused and just need some advice about what to do next if anything as we are meeting tomorrow...
My old lover, who I just sent a love letter to, told my friend that he had a dream where he was hysterically crying to me.
[M21] My sister [F25] used some really terrible homophobic slurs upon me during arguments and it really hurts me deep... What should I do now?
I [24F] am at my breaking point with my boyfriend [30M].
How to break up after quarantine when I pretended things were fine?
My GF (32f) broke up with me (32M). I am confused and just need some advice about what to do next if anything as we are meeting tomorrow....
My [F 25] long distance boyfriend [M 25] has been stonewalling me for a while and he won't consider breaking up even though it's affecting my mental health.
Should I leave my long term relationship with someone I love?
A girl who went to school with but didn’t know 20m
My [22M] brother [21M] feels alone, rejected, worthless and unlovable.
How to break up after quarantine and pretending things are fine?
Should I leave my long term relationship with someone I love?
Does he still love me?
Trying to understand the current relationship with one of my best mates
I (24/F) can not stand my mum’s (60/F) compulsive cleaning habits
Overcoming cynicism
I’m [26F] isn’t sure how to feel about my boyfriend [27F].
I (19F) feel like I’m unintentionally gaslighting and making my boyfriend (20M) feel bad.
My [F30] husband [M30] and I don’t have sex as much as I would like but he often masturbates whenever I’m away
My [22M] brother [21M] feels alone, rejected, worthless and unlovable.
My [F 25] long distance boyfriend [M 25] has been stonewalling me for a while, and doesn't want/encourage breaking up.
What's that event that made you believe in love after having lost all hope?
Overcoming cynicism
Should i be concerned?
Love of your life constantly going on about other guys
I (23m) am worried that I put too much pressure around sex on my ex (23f)
Too much pressure around sex?
Nothing would have torn us apart
Is this pattern manipulation or a subconscious way of relating to partner
I [21M] am probably going to let another man [69M] sleep with my girlfriend [19F]
Is it okay to take a day off?
My friend(f22) maybe wanted more, but I(m21) ruined it...
I live in my sister's basement. Is she being to harsh, or am I not caring enough?
Should i confess to her??
Is my perspective off? [27F] w/ a [28M] bf constantly sends cute animal GIFS/memes to his coworker/friend [
Defining the relationship
My girlfriend(24F) offered me(19M) to move in with her but I dont know if I'm ready and I dont know what to do!
Does the way you treat your mom influence the way you treat your future spouse?
I (26f) saw my dad (57m) looking at porn. What should I do?
Love of your life constantly talking about her exes and her guy friends
I (24f) love to bake, but my boyfriend (27m) hates the temptation
Why can’t I (f, 32) get over my husband’s (m, 32) sexual past?
I [29M] am considering cutting my brother [33M] out of my life. Am I overreacting?
My [22/F] ex-boyfriend's [23/M] current girlfriend [19/F] messaged me out of the blue
Is my perspective off? [27F] w/ a [28M] bf constantly sends cute animal GIFS/memes to his coworker/friend
I (26f) saw my dad (57m) looking at porn. Wtf do I do?
HE ALWAYS FINDS AN EXCUSE TO AVOID COMMUNICATION...
My friend(f22) maybe liked me, but I(m21) ruined it
My boyfriend is going through a crisis and mentioned he has been feeling suicidal
My boyfriend is going through a crisis and mentioned he has been feeling suicidal
How should I go about getting her the flowers she deserves?
My ex Boyfriend (M, 27) is a narc and sent me (F,26) this statement in the final text. What does it mean? Serious replies only please
My girlfriend feels alone regarding a fundamental belief and I don't know how to help.
I feel my 25F wife of 2YR doesn’t support me 21M enough
I’m having mixed feelings about my current relationship
I feel my 25F wife of 2YR doesn’t support me 21M enough
I feel my wife is unsupportive, or am I too sensitive
My brother [31M] has a teenage girlfriend [19F] who is also living with him and nobody in my family thinks it’s a problem.
How can I save an online relationship where we are both starting to drift apart?
He smokes weed and I don't - are we doomed?
HE ALWAYS FINDS AN EXCUSE TO AVOID COMMUNICATION...
Having doubts over my (21F) and boyfriend (22M) relationship. Needing advice.
I feel like my [27F] partner [30M] sabotaged our relationship because of a lack of physical intimacy.
How can I save an online relationship where we are both starting to drift apart?
I need opinions on an ongoing love issue
Losing Interest in a Longterm Relationship
Are we (28M & 22F) moving too fast by living together after 3 months?
Has anyone else just completely ever avoided breaking up with someone?
Need advice for having feelings for the right person
I (22f) dont feel supported by my bf (24M) of three years
Why wasn't I excited when my crush told me they wanted to start a relationship with me?
A Simple Question - Should I [32F] offer to help pay for my boyfriend's [37M] car repairs?
Broke up with my selfish, schizophrenic, "cheating", ADHD, depressed girlfriend who wanted an open relationship.
I (21f) dont feel supported by my bf (M23) of 3 years
My past is coming into my current relationship and it’s making my brain hurt
Broke up with my selfish, schizophrenic, "cheating", ADHD, depressed girlfriend who I thought would be my wife.
Are we (28M & 22F) rushing into moving in together?
Does anyone else hate excuses?
A friend of a friend is telling people that she's pregnant and it's mine, but we never had sex.
Broke up with my selfish, schizophrenic, "cheating", ADHD, depressed girlfriend who I thought would be my wife.
Is it okay to want kids?
Defining the relationship
How can I save an online friendship where the both of us seem to be drifting apart?
Should I ask? Or is ignorance bliss?
I [27F] have doubts in my relationship with On/Off BF [30M], and not sure if normal or time to end things?
I just met someone but think I’m falling in love... 20(m)
I feel like my [27F] partner [30M] sabotaged our relationship because of a lack of physical intimacy.
Girlfriend (18) wants to move away from our hometown, not excited.
Feeling lost and alone since my recent breakup
What to do with dating? First time relationships? I haven’t been in a relationship and I always find something wrong in a guy ..
Friends, but not really friends?
Excuses, excuses and more excuses...
What to with dating?
Girlfriend pulls away often enough for me to feel lonely and sad
My father [63] wants to make amends with his stepson [36] and has asked me [30/F] to get in touch for his mom’s sake [64/F]. My stepbrother made it clear never to contact him when we last spoke to him (2002).
What to do with dating?
Hey everyone....I'm Mistress Rose, looking for a loyal and obedience sub to train and to dominate, Kinks: humiliation, pegging, chastity,ass worship, rope play, toilet play,feet worship,anal, jerking off, CBT,sissy training, feminism's, Joi, cel.... Kik me @chavezmaine
Help please, i need advice:(
My [30] boyfriends[30] sister in law is [20] driving me up a wall
I need advice, help please :((
My wife's(37) complaining is killing me(38). To her it's normal and natural. To me, it's so hurtful.
Girlfriend (18) wants us move away from our hometown, not excited.
I (25F) have been secretly seeing seeing M41 for over a year and can’t tell if I’m being groomed or in an actual relationship.
Transitioning to a LDR and needing advice
I need help developing meaningful male relationships
Found boyfriend’s $30 onlyfans purchase
Is it okay to take a day off?
I need help with making lasting male friendships
Sister [17f] gets aggressive and hits me [17m] when she's drunk. What do I do about it?
My (40M) ex-wife (40F) lied and told our teenage children that I was the father of a miscarriage that my current wife (40F) had years before we met, implying that I was cheating.
My [22/F] ex-boyfriend's [23/M] current girlfriend [19/F] messaged me out of the blue
Did your parents try to match you with their friends children ?
Very lost after my recent breakup
21 year old female sex partners
Transitioning to LDR and looking for advice
Worried over my (F29) future with otherwise near perfect (M28) fetishist
Lost in my marriage, think I’m ready to move on but in desperate need for advice.
Manager told someone they could use my title on their resume
should i cut ties with my brother
should i cut ties with my brother
My wife's complaining is making me depressed. To her, it's like talking. To me, it's like a stabbing.
Marrying a Filipino woman
My relationship(18m) is starting to make me depressed and tired of my relationship (18f)
Parents trying to force relationship with sister
Is this pattern manipulation or some subconscious habit
I feel like my girlfriend is mental draining me and I need help :(
My relationship (18m) is starting to make me depressed (18f)
Parents force me to have relationship with sister
Not sure what to make about an argument between me (27/M) and my SO (24/F)
I (15F) think my friend (15M) acts completely differently when I'm not around
UPDATE: I asked my bf for alone time and he told me to pack my stuff and leave for good.
My [21F] bf [23M] was on dating apps to make 'friends'
I’m just disgusted at this point
My (40 M) ex-wife (40 F) told our teenage children the I impregnated my current wife (40 F) many years before our divorce.
21 year old female sex partners.
Idfk
My [22 F] bf [25 M] was using dating apps but said they are just for making friends?
I’m just disgusted
[META] Online counselors programs that you recommend?
I don't know what to do I feel like breaking up with my gf
My (21F) bf (34M) justifies his reasoning capabilities by stating that he was a TA for a logic class, invalidating any criticism I make of him
I [23m] overheard my girlfriend [23F] talking about her EX to one of his friends, and I dont know how to make sense of what she said.
Balancing relationship
How do I (24f) breakup with my friend (24f)?
I [23m] overheard my girlfriend [23F] talking about her EX to one of his friends, and I dont know how to make sense of what she said.
How do I (24f) breakup with my friend (24f)?
Balancing relationship
My husband [34m] of 5 years calls me [30f] passive aggressive when I don't bring up concerns, but shuts me down and yells whenever I do. I'm not sure how to fix this.
How do I break up with my friend?
My (21f) partner (28m) undervalues my intelligence and capabilities.p
When to talk about consent
My [22M] mother [59] gambled away my father’s [64] and hers savings. (Majority his)
Is my relationship over?
How do y’all feeling about personalized jewelry/items with your SO’s name or initial? Cheesy or romantic?
My husband [34m] of 5 years shuts me [30f] down during conflicts and won't let me speak, calls me passive aggressive every time I bring up an issue. I'm not sure what to do.
I lied to my boyfriend about my childhood and college and don’t want my family to make it worse for me. What do I do?
Mistreas
My best friend (27M) and I (27M) have different views on race and politics
I married into a toxic circus!
I (27F) slow faded a friend (26F) due to her success. She wants to know what happened.
I'm holding onto unhealthy anger and resentment
I married into a toxic circus!
My best friend and I have different views regarding race and politics
Lost in my marriage, think I’m ready to move on but in desperate need for advice
My (20F) bf (26M) broke up with me out of nowhere. I partly think his roommate is to blame, but I'm not sure. I don't know what to do. Do you think there's a chance at all?
Lost between 2 women in desperate need of advice
My (20F) BF (26M) just broke up with me completely out of nowhere. I feel so lost. It doesn't feel real. I wish I knew why. I partly think his roommate is to blame.
Abusive ex-boyfriend (32M) recently contacted me (30F) asking me what he should change about himself... should I let him have it or ignore?
longest time for someone to reply? [25F]
شركات نقل الأثاث
So my boyfriend is in contact with his ex, he thinks I haven't noticed , what do I do ? Does he still have feelings for her ?
Share your stories with me!
What’s the longest “rough patch” you had in a relationship? What was it caused by and how did you get out of it?
I (19M) am in love with my coworker/friend (19F) who is in a relationship and lives with her boyfriend.
Me [28 M] with my Roommate [28 M] won't clean up after parties, constantly has parties till 3-4 am playing music keeping everyone awake
I 24[M] got caught searching through my girlfriend of 5 months 25[F] search history. She's understandably really pissed and need some advice on how to proceed.
My boyfriend (25) still has feelings for his ex , what do I do ?
I’m mistress Clara from Texas am 26years old and I’m looking forward to meet a honest and caring sissy slut to serve and pleased my order, if you need me inbox me on kik........ Clara 001
Check this out my friend made this talking about relationships, it's funny
Me (28f) and my bf (25m) had a really stupid fight and i dont know what to do
I’m just looking for some advice on how to deal with a friend with mental health issues.
I 23[M] got caught searching through my girlfriends 24[F] search history. Need advice on how to proceed.
Does anyone actually talk to their SO when they video call for long hours??
What do you think? Can a girl be friends with a guy she has/had feelings over?
Does anyone actually talk to their SO when they video call??
Girlfriend caught me snooping through her search history. Need advice on how to proceed.
I feel so lonely and that's why I mess up every relationship.
My gf lied to me multiple times and I don’t know what to do anymore
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a cruel slave to serve a cruel mistress like me if you are interested pm me on Kik.....mommy00011
Does anyone actually talk to their SO while they video call??
i’m in a relationship but in love with someone else
My (28/F) BFF (28/F) might be in a dangerous relationship with her boyfriend (27/M). How can I support her and is she safe?
Boyfriend and I fight constantly, and he says if it continues we will break up
Do breakups get easier with age and experience?
Why do I cry less after each break up?
My gf lied multiple times and idk what to do anymore
i’m in a relationship, but in love with someone else
Not showing affection
Dating young
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I feel like my boyfriend (21) lied to me (19) but idk if i’m just being paranoid or not.
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested pm me on kik..... Clara001
(28F)(30M) My boyfriends parents are putting a lot of pressure on us for a wedding ASAP, but I’m not sure.
Me f/26 with unexperienced bf m/23
Not showing affection to gf
My curious, inexperienced bf
Boyfriend (M,27) said this weird statement to me (F,26) when he broke up with me...what does it mean?
My inexperienced boyfriend
How do I handle my bf wanting a break?
Why did hookup [30M] suddenly stop talking to me [19F]?
What does it mean when someone says "I'll stull love you, you'll always have a place in my heart".
I’m not sure if I’m ready for a relationship
Bf wants a break?
76 year old mother dating guys in their 20’s???
How bad is cheating..?
Is my [20F] relationship over with boyfriend [20M]
I (25m) think I got ghosted (25nb). Should I confront them or let it drop?
Still frustrated after breakup - feeling like my ex didn’t voice his unhappiness in the relationship and I had no clue how I could have improved, being kept in the dark and feeling stupid. Any insights are welcome.
76 year old mother dating guys in their 20’s???
My [24F] ex [27M] sent me chocolates after blocking me. Why?
I think my boyfriend is a “Nice guy”??
My [23F] Dad [51M] is making life a nightmare for my Mom and Aunt [50sF]
I’m (F26) worried my boyfriend (M24) may be a pathological liar, although his lies are random and unnecessary?
My (21m) gf of 4 months (19f) wants to stop being sexual at all, including deleting all pictures and changing her name in my phone because of an embarrassing event that happened when I was 8 years old.
how to deal with a drunk dad?
how to deal with drunk dad?
how to deal with a drunk dad?
My bf is ghosting me and I don’t know what to do
My bf is ghosting me. What do I do?
[15F] - What do I do to make him [15M] believe that I had a crush on him?
[15F] - Why would someone accuse you of having a crush on them?
28 [F4M] Mistress have two moods: Horny and Hungry .
Why would someone accuse you of having a crush on them?
Do I want to be with him?
Are me and my friend done for! And was it all my fault?
Not sure what to do in current relationship - do I still love him or am I ready to be on my own? Can’t decide if it’s a current feeling which will go or is it stuck with me?
How do I (22 F) find emotionally available friends?
Don’t know what to do.
My (19M) girlfriend (20F) of 7 months says she's a simple, shy girl who doesn't want much
my (20F) partner (35M) has a fetish that i try to indulge but i feel his expectations are too high and he's making me feel insecure
I (25F) feel uncomfortable with the way a new friend (25F) makes plans
I [25/F] really don't want my parents [60s] to get divorced
If a guy is single (30M) and doesn’t ask me (30F) out, does that mean he’s not physically attracted to me?
Gf spends more time with cat than me. Help??
my boyfriend won’t brush his teeth.
What do I do about my bf who won’t brush his teeth?
SHOULD I(22M) text my EX(22F) happy birthday?
GF [F30] and I [M30] have been quarantining together and it's been going great, so why am I so nervous to make it permanent?
Should I(22M)text my EX(22F) happy Birthday
I (26F) miss my friend (30M) who I briefly dated, advice please!
am i a bad boyfriend?
Extremely depressed after a problematic failed relationship. I just need to unburden.
Can we (26F/30M) remain friends after briefly dating?
What’s a good pet name for a boy called Max?
I [25F] wanna move in with my [26M] boyfriend, but that means 'betraying' my friends/roommates.
Should I (25F) butt out of my husband's (25M) eating habits?
Been with boyfriend for 4 years, crushing on another guy for the last 1.5 years ... today found out that he might have liked me back
am i a bad boyfriend?
Been with boyfriend for 4 years, had a crush on another guy for the past 1.5 years
Did you ever have that one friend that no matter how much time passes you are always on good terms with him/her?
Im not sure about our relationship but...
Taking a break?
[22F]Ex and I[23M] ended things on good terms, now she wants to be together again...I'm unsure
A question for those in an open relationship
Family friends and xGirlfriend
A question for those in an open relationship
How do I move on without hurting my ex?
Boyfriend doesn’t want me going back to university
Virtual crush i am (f20) he is (m17)
[f26] don't know what to think of my bf[m31] past relationship with a 17yo teen when he was 25
Virtual crush (F20) and he said he is (17M)
I[f26] don't know what to think of my bf[m31] past relationship with a 17yo girl when he was 25
I'd [35M] never been in love in a relationship and looked up the definition to find that I missed the opportunity.
Girlfriends past
My (F21) boyfriend (M24) is horny most of the time. We always fight about it because of his bad timings and me not in the mood for it. What to do for him to understand my side?
TL;DR My partner(26f) has told me(32m) that shes asexual and im feeling a bit lost
Family friends and X-girlfriends
Should I ask a junior out after I graduate from high school?
Gf (25F) refuses to pay any bills and I (24M) question her interests.
I (23F) think I am being manipulated by my fwb (21M) but I don't know how to cut everything off without intense guilt
21F need help to stop flirting with married supervisor M40
21F, I am the cheater in the relationship. How do I move on?
(21F) Need help dealing with inappropriate, possibly requited crush on married supervisor (M40)
I (25f) may have ruined my friend's (26m) relationship with his (now ex) gf (25f) and I feel terrible
I (24f) may have ruined my friend's (25m) relationship with his (now ex) gf (26f) and I feel horrible.
Hard times
I just had a beautiful conversation.
My partner(26f) has told me(32m) that shes asexual and im feeling lost
How to break up with an asshole who still loves me?
Is this normal.. or should I be concerned?
How do I respond to my friend’s wife who is rude and jealous of me?
Should I [32F] cut off my family?
My ex [17f] started dating my best friend.
I (19) could not stand being around my boyfriend (19) because he smelled different.
Middle School Dance - Help!
What should I do in this situation?
Boyfriend (19) changed his laundry detergent and I can't stand being around him.
How do I [23F] cheer up my Grandpa [91M] who has memory/cognitive problems?
How do I [23F] cheer up my Grandpa [90sM] who has memory problems?
Boyfriend changed his detergent and now I can't stand him
How do I respond to my friend’s wife who is rude and jealous of me?
What should I do in this situation?
Did I fucked up or did he?
is this normal.. or should i be concerned?
Should I message him, or is it a bad idea?
Should I [32F] cut off my family?
Should I message him, or is it a bad idea?
My friend’s wife is jealous of me, how do I respond to her messages?
Are me and my old best friend done for?
My boyfriend swore at me and said he’s more educated than me therefore I should shut up
I am extremely jealous and it's ruining my health
Is this bad? I am.just trying to look out for my gf
Relation
Wedding within the same month as my brother's
My [30 F] always calls me [30 M] at midnight for ice cream cravings
Girlfriends midnight ice cream cravings
I am going through a very devastating moment in my life.
Girlfriends midnight ice cream cravings
I am going through a very devastating moment in my life.
people with an avoidant attachment style, could you please share your side of the story? :)
I'm going through a difficult time.
I'm going through a difficult time
My dad is driving me insane
I(23m) accidentally reacted to my best friends(21f) instagram story today, and she asked for space less than a week ago.
Gave everything up to move to Europe with partner. 2 months later got dumped. Advice needed..
How can I (23M) stop my past toxic relationship from affecting my current girlfriend (20F)?
How can I (23M) stop letting my past toxic relationship affect my current one with my girlfriend (20F)?
How do I stop my anxiety from ruining my sex life?
Does Reddit really delete history?
treat your man the way you wanna be treated
How do I convince my (23F) boyfriend (23M) it wasn't his fault?
How do I stop my anxiety from ruining my sex life?
I(30M) told my former anorexic girlfriend(23f) that she’s gaining to much weight, how do I fix this ?
19M, feel my relationship with parents are strained / identity crisis
(22M) depression, anxiety, OCD. Is it in my head?
How can I make my sex life more interesting?
My (21F) GF let’s her mom control her life and always wants to please her family. Will she ever take control of her life so me (20 M) and her can be happily together. Or will she not be able too?
My (21F) GF let’s her mom control her life and always wants to please her family. Will she ever take control of her life so me (20 M) and her can be happily together? Or will she not be able too?
How can I make my sex life more interesting?
How can I make my sex life more interesting?
How can I make my sex life more interesting?
My (21F) GF let’s her mom control her life and always wants to please her family. Will she ever take control of her life so we can be happily together? Or will she not be able too?
How can I make my sex life more interesting?
How do I tell my friend I dont think she should get pregnant
How can I make my sex life more interesting?
How do I convince my (23F) boyfriend (23M) it wasn't his fault?
I (F17) fell in love with my gay best friend (M18) and hate myself for it. Advice?
Should I confess to my crush even though I do not want to date him?
Was I wrong for asking my roommate [21 F] if she could move in with her fiancé [23 M]?
Did I [21F] make a mistake breaking up with him [21M]? Can he rebuild trust somehow? Need help on what to do next...
When Gf drinks she loses it!
Should I confess to my crush even though I dont want to date him?
My (28) GF (33) lied about why she doesn’t want kids. I do want kids.
Found out the girl I have been dating is a sex-worker
Am I[18M] being unreasonable by feeling betrayed and angry that my ex[18F] is getting into another relationship after us being broken up for only 1 month?
Did I [21F] make a mistake breaking up with him [21M]? Can he rebuild trust somehow? Need help on what to do next...
I(27M) was invited by my ex(28m) that disappeared , to her wedding.
I [26F] feel so betrayed by my Muslim boyfriend [26M]
I(M) was invited to the wedding of a girl that just cut me off from her life.
I struggle to put effort into friendships [26M]
I struggle to put effort into maintaining friendships. [26M]
I (30m) told my girlfriend (30f) something I didn't know was public knowledge about our friends relationship
Mistress
32 f- 40 m- Is my husband abusive?
Do you think I will be wasting my time on him? He is just trying to see where things go?
My (28F) mental health is impacting my bf (27M). This is my last chance.
I think my boyfriend still has feelings for his ex
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) keeps searching up old girlfriends on social media
I 19(M) just found out my partner 19(F) cheated on me twice
Do males tend to keep toxic friends more often?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
What should I do about cheating girlfriend?
Getting Over Her
How would you suggest I (29F) navigate a reconnection with someone (29M) after 4 years of friendship when I shut him down the first time?
What do I do
Getting Over Her
What is this relationship? (Nsfw details)
My Fiance (24M) feels bad about how he treated his ex (25F). I (24F) don't know how to help.
I (21f) told my boyfriend (24m) that trans people have privacy too.
I (19f) have shown my sister (28) probably 20 or more dresses that could be options to wear at her wedding and she didn't want me to wear any of them, then picked a hideous one. She's upset her fiancé agreed with me that the dress she chose is awful.
I (21f) told my (24m) boyfriend that trans people deserve privacy too
F/29 Terrified of STDs and regretful
A Patronizing situation, the lecturer boyfriend
My brother and I (20F) were having a conversation about heteronormality and now my mother is crying and calling me disturbing.
I (37F) Snooped on my bf (37M) phone. Found texts to another women.What shall I do now.?
Am I underreacting about COVID-19?
My (18F) boyfriend (18M) and I have problems. But it’s mostly me.
A patronizing situation
Am I (19F) underreacting to COVID-19?
Mistress
Is it stupid for teenagers (15 and 16) to be so serious with each other and even genuinely talk about living together at 19?
My boyfriend can't stand privacy about trans people.
My boyfriends best friend a bad influence
Writing a letter to my (m26) ex that I hurt (30f) because I didn't know about my mental disorder until it was too late.
Good friend of mine still hangs out with and talks about my abusive ex
Snooped on my bf phone. Now what.?
Mother stole $30,000 from me and doesn’t see the issue?
Boyfriend (27M) plays a lot of video games, leaving me (26F) alone. Is this normal?
Will my bf resent me for being poor atm
my [20 F] bf [33 M] is ignoring me
Snooped on my bf phone now what.??
sex ruins intellectual relationships? (M25)
What is this relationship? (Nsfw details)
My (16F) girlfriend (17F) is most likely leaving for college in the fall and talks about us breaking up, even after I say it hurts my feelings.
Me G(25) my BF (27) I need some help with my relationship, I don’t have an idea of how to end it or if is even worth it try to save it anymore... I still have feelings for him but I’m very disappointed of his alcohol behavior
We had a big fight 2 days ago and he asked for some space and I'm not handling it, need help/support please?
I need help
I [20F] have a feeling my friend [20F] wouldn’t/doesn’t take the same effort for me as she does for her other friend. That we lost our connection.
My partner and I are considering dropping off all communication with our parents
Help!!! I don’t know if breakup now 😕😩
Girlfriend and I have been struggling with quality time. (30m/33F 5 years relationship)
My bf (27), me (25) yo 🙄🙄
We had a big fight and he asked for some space and I'm not handling it well
My [31M] new girl [26F] has a hobby I don't approve of.
Trust is difficult
This friendship is affecting my health, I don’t know what to do anymore
Having a hard time trusting my (18m) girlfriend (18f) of 8 months after finding text messages between her and a flirtatious guy. Am I overreacting?
Sexual relationships ruin intellectual ones?
my hubby (42M) is building a 'man-bunker' so he can watch TV. should I (43F) feel concerned for our connection?
The girl I [31M] am seeing [26F] has a hobby that's putting a major strain on things.
My (f26) boyfriend (m25) sorta cheated?
my hubby (42M) is building a 'man-bunker' so he can watch TV, should I (43F) feel concerned for our connection?
Not sure how to support boyfriend with bad personal hygiene.
my hubby is building a 'man bunker' so he can watch TV, should I feel concerned for our connection?
I [28F] don't want a relationship with my mother [51F] anymore.
So I’m confused about how things are right now 😫
How to not end up alone when you’re the reason for not being in a relationship?
Girlfriend and I have been struggling with quality time
How can I(26F) deal with my flaky friend (25F)
Any hope for this relationship?
My (36f) housemate(31m)’s dog(6m) is aggressive and driving me insane with barking
I’m don’t know what to do, this friendship is affecting my health
Mixed feelings with the relationship of my son and his father
I [28F] don't want a relationship with my mother [51F] anymore.
5 year relationship (F/F) has endured much emotionally and there’s not much happening sexually. Help appreciated.
Any hope for me (32M) and her (30F)?
Sex and romance makes relationships less intellectual?
If there hope for this relationship
I [28F] don't want a relationship with my mother [51F] anymore.
Should I feel controlled by my boyfriend?
[24F] I don't want to financially support my mom [52F]
Is there hope for this relationship?
My best friend smells.
I (19F) finally decided enough is enough?
How can I(26F) deal with my super flaky friend/roommate (26F)
How do I tell my best friend she smells?
My boyfriend hates my friends and it makes me dislike him
Can't Accept My Destiny of Being a Cat Lady
I’m a 30 year old male who’s never dated before.
Is my husband abusive?
5 year relationship (F/F) has endured much emotionally and there isn’t much happening sexually. Help appreciated.
At what point would you tell a guy you had a mastectomy?
Clingy & Immature boyfriend
I (23 F) have trouble talking to new girlfriend(25) and anyone close (family) about dreams and aspirations
Odd attachment, kinda toxic but I miss him?
I'm (30M) addicted to my mom's (60F) approval
What is this relationship (nsfw details)
at what point would you tell a guy that you had a mastectomy?
What's wrong with my friend?
What's wrong with my friend?
Married couples who cheated and got back together yet.......
Want to reach out to crush, but he has gf. What to do?
Need help with girlfriend, 3rd DUI
I [27f] am sexually repressed from bad relationships
2 years after end of toxic relationship, i feel like a robot with little hope of feeling normal again
How do I explain to my girlfriend that the amount of love I'm showing her isn't artificial?
Advice.
Fling (m24) asked to take “a step back” from brand new relationship with me (f24) and when given space still reaches out to me..
3rd DUI yesterday
Is my girlfriend (19F) ghosting me? (23M)
I just made out with my best friend, what do I do now?
I just made out with my best friend, what do I do now?
I just made out with my best friend. What do I do now?
My(15M) Boyfriend(M15) still has feelings for someone from his past.
I can’t let her move in
My girlfriend (19) of 2 years broke up with me (also 19) around a month ago
I (30F) want a platonic older male friend/mentor
My girlfriend (19) and I (19) of 2 and a half years broke up a month ago and she's all i can think about
dating someone boring
We want totally different lifestyles (28M/F)
Why is it important to have friends?
Helping a friend find clothes during pandemic backfired
My (21F) boyfriend (25M) of 2 years cheated on me before and i think he might have cheated on me again.
Can a relationship work when you have totally different lifestyle goals (28M/F)?
My [F25] boyfriend [M29] gets mad when I tell him his jokes are offensive.
The girl i met by fate
The girl i have met by fate
Boyfriend is spending hours on the phone every day with friends but doesn’t remember to communicate with me
The girl i have met by fate.
The girl i have met by fate.
Boyfriend is spending so much time on the phone with friends that it’s affecting our relationship.
I (18M) like this girl (18F)a lot and I want to take her on a date, but im confused by her actions.
My (F23) past experiences are harming my current relationship with bf (M25) ?
Why is it important to have friends?
Please help
I [26 M] am falling for my client/friend [26 F] but she has a boyfriend.
The girl i have met by fate.
My [F25] bf [M31] gets mad when I tell him his jokes are offensive.
the girl i have met by fate
The Girl I Have Met By Fate.
My (27M) BF Left me tonight after 10Years together. (28F)
Trying to help friend with clothing choices during pandemic backfires
I (23M) cheated and compulsively lied to my (23F) GF of 3 years, mostly LDR.
Advice. Please help, I don’t know what to do.
My (27M) BF Left me tonight after 10Years together. (28F)
I 18M) want to date this girl (18F), but im confused by some of her actions
Should I stay or should I go
Bf (22M) wants to try to start things up again after I (28F) broke up with him for disrespecting me
My [21F] boyfriend [25M] of 2 years has cheated on me before and we are in a long distance relationship now.
Haunted by my (21F) past relationship
Ex best friend is still finding ways to hurt me
Dating someone boring
tdlr: Ex bestfriend is still finding ways to hurt me
Haunted by my (21F) past relationship
I (22F) just broke up with my ex (23M) and feel extremely upset?
Looking for sparks
I want to be over this
My (23F) stepmother (70F) seemingly doesn't want me to ever own my chikdhood home
I (18M) and SO (18F) are heading off to college soon. I need advice on how to spend my time.
I (22 F) just broke up with my now ex (23 M) and I feel extremely upset?
Haunted by my (21F) past relationship
Haunted by past relationship
Exclusive family chat—is this normal?
Im still having a hard time trusting my girlfriend after finding texts of her getting to know a guy that was flirting with her, am I overreacting though?
Extremely upset even though I was the one who dumped him?
Girl (20 F) from work flirts with me (20 M) all the time and I want to make a move. What's the best way to show her I'm interested and go out on a date?
Looking for the spark.
Exclusive family group chat—is this normal?
I (23F) am looking to reconnect with old friends (23F and 22F) after not speaking for years as they might be moving to the city I live in
I hate very little in life but I hate when I’ve wasted energy in someone who will remain so ungrateful, I have to cut them out of my life and that breaks my heart.
I’m (23F) dating someone 20 years my senior (41F)
My [21F] boyfriend [25M] has cheated on me and we are in a long distance relationship now.
I can’t let her move in
I (21F) want to stop putting an effort into looking good because all it does is invite trouble. Has anyone else gone through this?
It’s always harder on the person who gets left behind
Boyfriend (26M) won't talk to me (22F) because of my BLM posts
Exclusive family group chat—is this normal?
Gf wants to fuck other people?
Bfs (32) sex drive has dramatically increased since serious discussions about marriage
I don’t know if I should stay or break up with him.
How do I (22F) move on from my abusive ex (21M)?
Hurt and confused. Long term friend (24M) got out of long term relationship and we started to a date a while later but....
Bfs (32) sex drive has dramatically increased since talking about marriage
My (27F) boyfriend (27m) acts grossed out by my vagina and I don't know what to think.
Friend zone to more than friends?
How did you leave your toxic relationship? I'm(22F) in one with my boyfriend (24,M)
I’m scared of a death threat from an acquaintance
Gf wants to fuck other people?
How do I (22F) move on from my abusive ex (21M)?
My [29M] BF [28M] had been cheating on me for half of our three year relationship. I want to forgive and stay with him even though I should not. I do not know how to handle this.
Boyfriend's (23/m) dad (53/m) has a drinking problem and I (25/f) live with them and he needs help but I'll feel rude if we mention anything to him or his wife (53/f)
What should I (18f) do about my sister (21f)?
Is she projecting fantasies or WTF
My (28/F) BFF (28/F) might be in a dangerous relationship with her boyfriend (27/M). How can I support her and is she safe?
I (18F) have been raising my little brother (4yo) since he was born. I resent my family for it and I lost my favorite part of myself.
What’s wrong with me? I feel flat towards my bf
Is she a cheater or a cuckquean?
A friend (25F) nicknamed me (25M) “Dumbass Comrade”. How should I respond like a matured man other than ignoring it?
I (18F) have been raising my little brother (4yo) since he was born. I resent my family for it and I lost my favorite part of myself.
Gf likes to causes me of cheating
A friend (25F) nicknamed me (25M) “Dumbass Comrade” on a FB group chat. How should I respond to that?
Questions
A friend nicknamed me “Dumbass Comrade” on a FB group chat. How should I respond?
My (29/F) boyfriend's (29/M) roommate (29/M) accidentally spilled beer on my open Macbook and has yet to even apologize.
My [27F] boyfriend [28M] was planning to propose on our 7th anniversary and broke up with me instead. How do I pick up the pieces?
Why do I (25) feel ashamed/dread/awkward at the idea of getting engaged and married?
Should I (F25) try to save my relationship with my bf (M25)?
I think my friends are dating?
Why am I (25) scared/ashamed to get engaged and married?
Wife (28) texting male coworker at night, feels weird, but I have female work friends too
What’s your ideal man/woman? Be descriptive/give examples.
Guy I’m seeing [28M] competes with his ex and her new life
What’s your ideal man/woman?
My [25F] ex [30M] is saying he wants to work on "us"
My wife says I am being a homophone for not engaging in her sexual desires
Should I stay or should I go? F25 with M25 bf
I (28F) am concerned about my boyfriends (30M) drinking habits since the start of quarantine
feeling alone is my own relationship?
i’m (19f) really depressed, i want to talk to an old friend (21m) on the phone about everything but we just started talking after years. how should i ask him if we could talk on the phone about everything?
Wife (28) texts male coworker late at night. Feeling weird about this, but I have female work friends.
I (33F) and bf (42M) in a mostly sexless but otherwise happy/intimate relationship. Can this last?
(19m) why do i want what i can't have
(19m) why do i want what i can't have
How do I [21F] end a six-year friendship with a toxic, emotionally unstable friend [21F]?
any advice on how to let go of ex girlfriend of 1 year?
How do I [21F] end a six-year long friendship with a toxic, emotionally unstable friend [21F]?
Old relationship, new beginning?!
My (18f) boyfriends (18m) social anxiety is making it hard for us to spend time together, and hard for me to spend time with my friends.
I really miss her, but I can’t get myself to talk to her again
Is it ok for me (18M) to masturbate to pictures of other woman even though I'm in a relationship (18F)?
My (16F) boyfriend (18M) is going to college next year, and I’m not sure what to expect.
Is it ok to masturbate to pictures of other woman even though I'm in a relationship?
Did his family tear us apart or was he just cold and heartless?
Just found out for the last 6 months my girlfriend of 4 years has been cheating on me.
So ok first ever post here but
Male best friend [25M] outed a personal secret of mine [25F] to his current GF [20s F]
My [28F] fiance [31M]'s mental health issues are becoming increasingly worse.
My(23F) recent ex-bf (23M) keeps alluding to killing himself
My(23F) recent ex-bf (23M) keeps alluding to killing himself
I (26F) disclosed that a friend (29F) and I had been to a protest and risked exposure to covid to other friends (immunocompromised) who we were going to see next week, in the interest of full disclosure and after that friend said it was OK for me to do so. Now, that friend is upset with me.
Parents together for 16 years - divorced - how long until they stabilise?
Lost my best friend and girlfriend
My wife asked me a, in her words, “silly question”. Is it?
Prom
My wife asked me, in her words, a “silly question”
How I lost my best friend and girlfriend
How should I (24f) process my boyfriend (27m) having a way lower sex drive than me?
How to get over a breakup/friendship with your best friend?
GF [23] wants to kiss during quarantine
Pregnant by Ex - not sure what to do
Phone trackers?
Pregnant by ex(26) stuck on what to do!
How to cope when I (24f) have a higher sex drive than my boyfriend (27m)?
(21M) I dont think I’m good enough for a girlfriend.
Would you gain weight for your spouse?
Pregnant with Ex
People who cheated on their current partner when they were young (20s or teens), how’s your marriage now?
Would you gain weight for your spouse?
I (20m) went on a date with this girl (22f) and now she isn't texting me
People who cheated on their current partner when they were young, how’s your marriage going now?
I (24F) think my neighbors (31 M, 28 F) are in an abusive relationship. How should I proceed?
(21M) I don’t think I’m good enough for a girlfriend.
I (24F) think my neighbors (31 M, 28 F) are in an abusive relationship. How should I proceed?
Relationship in quarantine
Needing advice about a friendship
How do I get out of it without ghosting him
Needing advice about a friendship
I (M24) don't understand myself
Girlfriend [19 F] is currently attempting to force me [21 M] to get engaged to her.
Girlfriend hid she was texting and met up with ex boyfriend
I (M24) don't understand myself
I [26M] think i am finally moving on from him [33M]...(read on)
I [26M] think i am finally moving on from him [33]...(read on)
How do I (F/25) not cause a fight when I am feeling this way?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I (F/25) am having a hard time coping with my boyfriend (M/23) having more friends and hobbies than me.
My husband is beginning to lose respect for me and I'm starting to see why. (26 MF / 5 years)
I (F/25) don’t know how to cope with my boyfriend (M/24) having more friends and more hobbies than me.
How to address when your partner takes offence to something, doesn’t say anything but gets gradually more defensive and ‘bites back’ instead?
I 23M have never had a relationship, is this a red flag?
I (22M) don’t know how to communicate to my partner (21F) that I’m lonely in our relationship.
i think i am finally moving on from him...(read on)
My [22f] boyfriend [25m] becomes very grumpy when it comes to him cleaning anything and he either pushes chores off for days until I do them or he'll do a bad job so that I have to clean up after him
is it normal
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested, message me on kik...... Clara 001
I (22M) don’t know how to communicate to my partner (21F) that I’m lonely.
The gender "rules" for relationships/dating are outdated and unfair
I (18M) just asked a girl (18F) to go for a drink once lockdowns over, how do I keep her interested until then?
How do i fix a historical misunderstanding?
How do you tell your friend she’s not getting dates because she’s doesn’t look like her pictures?
Ex-boyfriend [M26] who didn't want a serious relationship seems to deal with conflictual feelings towards me [F24]. Should I stop all contact in order to let him heal ?
I 23M have never had a relationship in my life, is this a red flag?
How do I (18M) keep her (18F) interested after I asked her out (lockdown problem)
I need opinions and help on this situation.
How do I [21F] politely ask about my boyfriend's [23M] attraction towards trans women?
My [22F] boyfriend [25M] gets grumpy when it comes to him cleaning anything and he either pushes chores off for days until I end up doing them or he does a bad job so that I have to finish up
I've(31F) been wavering about staying in my relationship but now I might have to stay because of m partner's cancer. Feeling lost.
I need honest opinions on this situation
Lockdown Love
My (21F) best friend (21F) has started ignoring me for her girlfriend (21F)
Is it too early to propose?
How to address when your partner takes offence to something, doesn’t say anything but gets gradually more defensive and ‘bites back’ instead?
My (21F) best friend (21F) has increasingly started ignoring me for her girlfriend (21F)
Should I [28M] apologize to my ex [31F] for an incident from last year, or just let it be [No contact since late 2019]?
How do I (18M) keep her (18F) interested now I’ve asked her out.
Is it too early to propose?
Lockdown relationships
My friend(17f) is weirded out that I(17f) have her birthday on my phone.
IS SHE INSECURE?
I’m (30M) concerned about my wife’s (26F) new diet
My friend(17f) is weirded out that I(17f) have her birthday on my phone.
Boyfriend secretly moved his ex in during quarantine
Should I break up just because I “might” not enjoy being poly??
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested pm me on kik..... Clara001
My [18F] friend’s [17F] boyfriend [21M] wants to marry me
Should I break up, just because I “might” not enjoy being poly?!
Am I a toxic or destructive individual
My Mom(53F) got me(16M) in trouble to get me not to leave for a trip.
My (16F) girlfriend (17F) is going away to college.
I am perturbed, am I wrong?
Should I stay with my wife
Is it too little too late for me (33F) and my bf (35m)?
I’m perturbed - Am I wrong? I don’t know
I disclosed that a friend and I had been to a protest and risked exposure to covid to other friends (immunocompromised) who we were going to see next week, in the interest of full disclosure and after that friend said it was OK for me to do so. Now, that friend is upset with me.
Is it too little too late for me (33F) and my bf (35M)?
I'm starting to fancy my friends with benefits and am not sure if I'm going too far/ what actions I should take based around my feelings f18 and m22
To break up or not to break up?
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) is so touchy and affectionate, I find it odd and I’m starting to resent him
I[20M] just confessed feelings for my [20F] best friend; she's into me too but wants to wait til we are back on campus. I can't stop thinking about her and won't see her for 2.5 months.
Is it really offensive to canpare yiur gf's vagina to your ex's?
Am I horrible for wanting to break up?
I’m jealous of my mans female friend
I [24 F] am wondering whether I should cut ties with a potentially toxic friend [25 F] I have known for 3 years
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) is so touchy and affectionate, I find it odd and I’m starting to resent him
Met a guy online
I’ve made an incredible unexpected connection and am falling for a Serbian man that is living here in the states. But he has plans to return back to his country to be with his kids. I am feeling so conflicted...
Broke up with my girlfriend.
My wife [39WF] and I [45AM] just told our 6yo daughter that we are separating... My heart is completely broken.
Should I reach out to my ex?
My (28F) boyfriend (28M) is talking to his ex
Am I an ass for wanting to break up??
Girl [16 F] gives me [17 M] her snap and number but not instagram
My (28F) boyfriend (28M) is talking to his ex from 12 years ago..
Not sure if how my relative treated me was abuse.
:(
I think I (24M) am too neurotic for love
I’m jealous of my mans female friend
I (24M) feel like I'm too neurotic for love
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My [18F] boyfriend [19M] keeps pressuring me into sex and says i’m ruining his self esteem
Share your office romance if you've had one! Especially if you two are still together!
I am starting to fully fancy my friend with benefits more than the crush we mutually had in the beginning (f18 and m22)
My girlfriend cried over a really shitty guy and it hurts man i need advice
Should I (26F) stay in my 6 year long relationship?
Posting my (24f) and my boyfriends (25m) of almost 5 years fight this morning over a stupid smoothie. Am I nuts?
Bf (m36) put me (f34) in choke hold during arguement
Do people actually get back together?
My [25 M] girlfriend [24 F] of 5 years has quickly become religious and is giving me second thoughts about marriage.
Have you ever managed to overcome trust issues with a partner that has been untrustworthy? How did they help you in doing that?
Not sure if I [28F] Should Be With My Boyfriend [30M] of 1 year For The Long Haul?
Did I mess up?
Not sure what to do.
I have a good relationship, but why
The gender standards for dating/relationship standards today are outdated and make no sense. I [M26] had issues with my partner [F30] over this
My (18F) exboyfriend dumped me four months ago. But the “breakup process” lasted for 4 months....?
I’m (45F) concerned at how much time my husband (47M) is spending with my daughter (22F)
Is it abuse? Should I leave?
Relationship gender standards are very unfair and backwards, imo. [26M] had issues with [30F] over this.
My [22M] mother [54F] is an alcoholic and I'm finally taking a stand to try and help her but it is ruining our relationship
Me [30 M/F] with my GF [22 F] of two years, has a sister that is verbally abusive to her family and I can't stand it. How do I handle this issue?
Feeling invisible in my own relationship
My (31M) girlfriend (28F) is neglecting herself and our relationship of 3 years. HELP!
I'm mistress from USA seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested pm me on kik...... clarah001
How do I solve my friendship dispute?
Please help...
Me [30 M] with my GF [22 F] of 2 years, GF has abusive sister
Need constructive advice to overcome insecurities about myself and girlfriend’s past.
My [31M] anxiety spikes because my fiancée [34F] keeps changing life goals. Is this something I can work on or is there something bigger here?
Me [30 M] with my [22 F] gf of 2 years, dealing with verbally abusive sister
32M, I was thinking of the things I wanted most in a relationship and the initials of the things spelled Ch.A.D.
How do I deal with my bitter friend?
Loyal or stupid
I'm [F23] straight but attracted to a woman for the first time in my life. Is this really possible?
Is my (25F) bf (26M) gaslighting me?
I [24M] don't know how to cope with my girlfriend's [22F] mental health and past event. Am I over-sensitive or demanding?
How can I (27F) introduce a conversation about infection control with my (34F) roommate?
My (31m) girlfriend / domestic partner (28f) is neglecting herself and our relationship (3yrs). HELP!
Need constructive advice to overcome insecurities about myself and girlfriend’s past.
My(30M) Wife (31F) is angry at me for refusing to clean up after tha cat(s) she demanded we have.
I don't exist in my bf's conversations with his ex
I (24, M) finally told a toxic friend (40, F) that I need some space from her and she lashed out
Found my long lost mother
My [23m] sister [11f] fairly suddenly doesn’t want me to show her any physical love anymore. What should I do?
How to Start Healing Intrusive Thoughts/Reactions r/t Trust Issues
I (24, M) finally told a toxic friend (40, F) that I need some space from her and she lashed out
Should I apologize just to have him back in my life?
My (21F) new roommate (30F) is being abused by her boyfriend (35M), and is upset that I told our other roommates (19-22F) about it. How can I/we help her?
Tips for helping me (28M) and my latin wife (26F) with my uninvolved family?
I [23M] was completely blind-sided by his [27M] not having feelings after 6 months. How to move on
Does my (20f) male friend (20m) like me?
I (27 M) just got out of a relationship with my girlfriend (24 F) and i kept having random memories and flashbacks
Tips for helping my latin wife with my uninvolved family?
I (27 M) am going through a breakup with my girlfriend (24 F) and I keep having random memories and flashbacks
i'm worried my boyfriend has a drinking problem
Does anyone else get random flashbacks or memories after a break up?
My [f14] best friend [f13] seemingly ended our friendship after getting mad at me and I don’t know how to fix things
How do I (18F) get out of a friendship with a very unstable friend (18F)?
Found my long lost mother
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
how to rekindle passion in relationship - help!
I suffer from retroactive jealousy.
Should I tell her before I leave the city during a pandemic?
Should I tell her before I shift cities in the middle of a pandemic?
He stopped talking to me the very next day after he saw me [23F]
How To Earn Back Her Trust?
My(30m) Wife(31F) is mad at me for not cleaning up after the cats she demanded we have.
[M17] texting with girl [F16], we both don't know what to do next after we got to know each other, becose we both had no relationships before
My Mom(53F) got me(16M) in trouble to get me not to leave for a trip.
How do I get over allowing myself to be friends with a toxic person for far too long?
Domestic violence against men isn't always easy to identify, Know how to recognize if you're being abused — and how to get help.
Does my [20f] boyfriend [24m] lie to me or am I crazy?
I regret something I did 2 years ago and need help forgiving myself.
Me (30M) is she (25F) still interested in me?
A story about me and my ex
Me (21F) boyfriend (30M) who's morbidly obese
I regret doing something 2 years ago and I'm thinking it might be sexual assault.
Did I ruin everything with my crush?
I [21F] don't understand my [23 M] boyfriend's texting behavior
I (27M) have bee contemplating breaking up with my fiancé (27F) for years and I’m on the verge of a breakdown.
Me (21F) boyfriend (30M) is morbidly obese and don't know what to do
I (20M) am dating a girl (21F) and she has stopped texting me frequently.
I [21F] don't understand my [23 M] boyfriend's texting behavior
I (20M) am dating a girl (21F) and she has stopped texting me frequently.
"Boyfriend"(20M) that I'm(20F) talking to says he needs time to focus on himself. What are the chances we'll end up together?
"Boyfriend"(20M) that I’m(20F) talking to says he needs time to focus on himself. Honestly, what are the chances we’ll be together again?
She says we will meet, but hardly ever replies
Girlfriend sent pictures to another guy 2 weeks after we started dating
I (31F) can't get over this man (43M) that treats my like a girlfriend but says he doesn't want a relationship with me
My (33m) wife’s (32f) anxiety is driving me crazy
Girlfriend sent pictures to another guy 2 weeks after we started dating
My (18F) ex boyfriend (18M) sucked my toes one time and I can't tell if it means he had a foot fetish?
I (27M) have been contemplating breaking up with my (27F) fiancé for years and I’m on the verge of a breakdown.
my (18) boyfriend’s (19) ex dmed me to say that he’s emotionally cheating on me
Roommate's Ex-Girlfriend continues to be a thorn in my side
I (29M) don’t love my girlfriend (28F) anymore and realize we’re incompatible.
I feel disrespected.
Is my Relationship unhealthy? (Me:24M Her:25F Relationship Length: 5months)
Why does my boyfriend discuss his future with his friends but not me?
I feel disrespected.
Is she still interested in me?
Is my [F/25] relationship with my bf over 9 years [M/25] over?
I (31F) can't get over this man (43M) that treats my like a girlfriend but says he doesn't want a relationship
What is your #1 pain with your spouse/significant other/relationship?
Girlfriend (22f) of four years admitted me to me that she no longer finds me (34m) physically or sexually attractive.
confused f20
EX best friend cant get over the fact that still have friends from my old friend group (ages from 14 at start and 17 in present)
What is your #1 relationship pain? Input/feedback please :)
i’m confused
Ex-best friend can't seem to get over the fact that I might have other friends then her...( everyone in this post are 14 at the start and 17 in present)
What is your #1 relationship pain/struggle/problem?
F [20] What did you do?
I am pissed off and not sure if I should be...
Is my relationship unhealthy?
Is she still interested in me?
Friends broke up: should I avoid picking photos in which they are both present?
Well I tried
Girlfriend (22f) of four years admitted me to me that she no longer finds me (34m) physically or sexually attractive.
I cheated on my boyfriend and I regret it so so much
Friends broke up: should I avoid picking photos in which they are both present?
HOW TO BE A BETTER COMFORTER
HOW TO BE A BETTER COMFORTER
I (29F) am at a crossroads with my partner (34M)
Am I a bad person?
HOW TO BE A BETTER COMFORTER
I mid 30s/F wrote my cheating boyfriend 30s/M a letter
I mid 30s/F wrote my cheating boyfriend 30s/F a letter
My BF [29M] Overthinks Small Things And I [21F] Want To Help Him
Am I wrong for being upset that my (28f) father (55m) made other plans on Father’s Day?
I'm [35 M] feeling infatuated with my friend's widow [36F]. How to move past this?
I (27F) think my boyfriend (20M) is lacking in emotional intelligence
Mutual friend pointed out behaviour he saw as 'weird' from my girlfriend. This made its way back to me. Does my mutual friend have a point at all? (23M) (23F)
If I’m (32F) and have never been on a date or in a relationship, does it mean men (30M) don’t find me physically attractive?
Should I let my boyfriend cheat on me because I'm too ugly?
My BF [M29] Overthinks Everything and I [F21] Would Like to Help Him Get Better About It
My work is slowly pushing me out
I’m [29F] losing attraction to my boyfriend [34M] the more I realize how stingy he is. How do I get over this?
Should i let my boyfriend cheat on me because I'm too ugly?
Son [18M] being proven wrong by a family therapist is very cathartic.
My brother’s swinging lifestyle is ruining his life. (How) can I help him?
Wondering if I’m being a bad friend
Can't speak to men. Well I'm fucked.
NSFW: ex boyfriend (18M) made up a conversation that happened when we were dating to make me (19M) look really bad
Emotionally abusive relationship ??
Am I a bad friend?
Can I get peoples opinion?
I've [23M] been seeing my roommate [23f] for 2 months who has a really hard time opening up and I'm not sure what to do.
I (22f) need help leaving my toxic relationship with my boyfriend (24,M)
Tips on going exclusive
I (18F) wanna drop my very unstable friend (18F)
Tips going exclusive
My gf(26F) wants to open a joint bank account but I(28M) don't
I [26 M] am starting to think relationship with my gf [25 F] of 5 years is not going to work out.
I (24M) love her (23F) since I am 14. Now I think I need a therapist to survive the rest of my life
I [24M] don't know how to cope with my girlfriend's [22F] mental health. Am I over-sensitive or demanding?
I’m (23F) dating someone 20 years my senior (41F)
My dad is asking to see me again and i don't know if I'm comfortable with it
Issues with myself and my relationship
How do I stop anxiety from ruining my relationship? F 23 / M 25
Issues with myself and my relationship
[27m] Getting Back with Ex [27f] after 3 years
My (22F) boyfriend (26M) broke up with me and he told her friend that it was because I'm an immigrant
I (16F) keep having thoughts about breaking up with my long-distance boyfriend (17M).
Genuinely upsets me (23f) that my boyfriend (30sm) refuses to post me on any of his public social medias.
Every time I (26f) ask for help around the house it ends in an argument
My BF(M21) seems to have given up on our relationship during lockdown.
I [24M] don't know how to cope with my girlfriend's [22F] mental health
My [18f] ex-boyfriend [22m] doesn't seem to understand the concept of boundaries
I (22F) was recently added into a group chat where is also a guy (22M) who ghosted me. How should I act there?
Has anyone ever been accused of cheating over something so honestly ridiculous?
My bf(M21) seems to have given up on our relationship during lockdown.
Anyone else ever been accused of cheating over something so pathetic?
My GF wants a joint bank account
How do I stop my anxiety ruining my great relationship?
I (19M) can't stop worrying because of the strain lockdown has put on my relationship with my girlfriend (18F)
Why do we pick up habits of our significant other?
A fight started over the desire for quality time. Does relationship boredom need to be addressed?
[27m] Getting Back with Ex [27f] after 3 years
Hearing from an ex
I [29M] have been crashing on parents sofa because of chronic pain and now they've disowned me and are kicking me out and I just don't know what to do and I'm really scared.
Should I (19M) wish my ex (18F) on her birthday tomorrow?
My best friend [f13] seemingly ended our friendship and I’m [f14] not sure who went wrong where and how to solve it
Hearing from an abusive ex
My 7 year old sister makes me self harm.
Should I (19M) wish my ex (18F) on her birthday tomorrow?
Me [24/F] and this guy [21/F] are in a confused situation.
Should I wish my ex for her birthday?
How should I present myself(17M) formally in front of my girlfriend’s(16F) parents?
How should I present myself formally to my(17M) girlfriend’s(16F) parents?
Am I (22F) being strung along by my boyfriend (22M) of 4 months?
I (21f) want to cut off my dad (41m). But he’s so charismatic that everyone else ignores all the red flags I see.
How do I win her back
How should I present myself in front of my girlfriend’s(16F) parents formally?
I (24F) am starting to hate my girlfriend (29F) and I don't know if I should break up or be a little more patient
21 [F4M] colorado - Hopeless romantic with a dirty mind..
My partner [22, non-binary] and I [27, genderfluid] tried to be in an open relationship and I couldn't handle it. We're monogamous again, but I can't get the thought of them having had sex with others out of my head.
My 7 year old sister makes me self harming
Women who have tried to change a man, were you successful? If so, how did you do it and how long did it take?
Dinner and drinks vs. Just drinks - M 28 and F 26
How can I present myself in front of my father-in-law and mother-in-law formally?
doomed relationship
Dinner and drinks vs. Just drinks
My “step-dad choked me
Women who have tried to change a man, were you successful? If so, how did you do it and how long did it take?
Not sure why my gf is with me. Feeling like she’s settling.
My (22F) partner (23M) isn’t romantic at all and it’s beginning to take it’s toll.
My (24M) GF (24F) is upset with her family and I don’t know how to comfort her in this situation.
My (35m) girlfriend (29f) refuses to believe she smells and will only shower once a week.
Should I not hangout with my friend that likes me?
My (26f) Bf of 6.5 years (26m) wants a year long job in Antarctica
Been tempted to cheat on my (26m) girlfriend (24f)
Fiancé bought nudes on onlyfans & social media and is now questioning his love for me
With the Virus restrictions, how should i go about meeting girls for something serious?
My (36m) wife (36f) of nine months says she "physically cannot" consider "my" money to be "our" money and it is causing problems.
My best friend (F23) of 15 years sent me (23F) broke our friendship with this text.
Talking to any kind of exes: a red flag or not a big deal?
Talking to any kind of exes: a red flag or not a big deal?
Sister (27F) completely isolated self from me (31M) and family while in unhealthy relationship (30M)
I (F/22) want more from my friend with benefits (M/22)
My (27M) ex (31F) recently has came back into my life.
Someone implied my 10 month old son was racist.
Im a (28M) my wife is (25F), weve been together 10 years
Some implied my 10 month old baby was racist.
My bf (25M) and I (25F) are not on speaking terms after me expressing my wishes to end a friendship with someone
Walking away
Childhood abuse and neglect leads me (24F) to sabotaging all of my relationships
Bf [30M] mostly only sees me [25F] on his terms - if I ask him to hang out he always says ‘’maybe”
I (F/22) need help converting previous friends w/benefits relationship into actual relationship with the guy (M/21) I’m in love with.
A girl (17F) is flirting with me (25M) and I don't know what to do
BF [30M] always says ‘maybe’ when I [25F] invite him to hang out and then shows up to my surprise
Is he m/26 coming on too fast f/28?
How should I address the fact that I feel bad because my mother (50F) never ever got me (18F) any birthday gifts yet just bought a new phone to her grandson (22M) that she never met?
Pandemic relationships struggles
Walking Away
Hope I can post this here
simple asks (29)m and (28)F
Dad (72M) Gaslights Mom (55F) about decision-making; control and emotional awareness issues?
simple asks
I [24,F] need advice from Switch users on buying a birthday present for the BEST significant other [25,M] I've ever had .
Dad (72M) gaslights Mom (55F) about decision-making; control and emotional awareness issues?
I can’t make it to my brother’s wedding due to Covid but would still like to send him and his wife something nice. I need suggestions
Son in law is using his riches to dominate me (58YMale) and it is making me feel small
BF hates when GF secretly flavours his coffee
Should I (23) tell him (25) im pregnant?
My [27F] partner of 4 years [27M] suddenly ended our relationship yesterday and I *know* it is anxiety-induced. What do I do next?
My (F21) girlfriend's (F24) controlling parents are stopping us from seeing each other
What should I (F/22) do with these emotions toward my friend (F/24)?
Is it right for my stepmom (F42) to be going through my (M16) bedroom?
I (m 28) love my wife (f 28) but am a terrible person.
How can I be a good life partner when I'm in pain all the time?
Been tempted to cheat on my (26m) girlfriend (24f)
I (m28) love my wife (f28) but I'm a terrible person.
My sister is a nightmare.
I'm such an asshole.
Is it right for my stepmom (F42) to be going through my (M16) room when I'm not home?
I (17F) need to end my relationship with my boyfriend (17M) but have no idea how to approach it because he's so "nice" all the time
Having my sister (29) and her daughter (6) moved back in is making my life a living hell.
21 (F) cheated on boyfriend 22 (M)
I (24F) can't stand my Sister-in-Law (32F) and it's driving me away from my family
GF (19) broke up with me M(21) but I want her back.
My GF (19) broke up with me M(21) and I want her back..
My [29M] Friend and Landlord [28M] wants to start charging my GF [21F) for extended visit during Quarantine
Am i(20f) wrong for not wanting my boyfriend(24m) to be friends with a pedophile?
Am i(20f) wrong for not wanting my boyfriend(24m) to be friends with a pedophile?
Feel like my (20 NON-BINARY) BF (25 M) doesn't give me enough emotional support
Everybody's Hatered
I'm not sure if my [17M/Non-b] relationship with her [14F] is socially acceptable.
I (16M) didn’t take a chance at dating my friend (15F) and I regret it.
My [30F] husband [30M] agreed to move out of our apartment without telling me and I think it's destroyed our marriage
I (24M) am very annoyed with my mom’s(55F) bad habits when speaking on the phone.
I (16M) didn’t take a chance at dating my friend (15F) and I regret it.
The Office Roommate
My [25F] bestie [28M] makes everything about himself
Son in law is using his riches to dominate me and it is making me feel small
An open letter to my (25F) high school sweet heart (24M)
A bisexual sexuality crisis
Feel like my (20 NON-BINARY) BF (25 M) doesn't give me enough emotional support
How do I (21F) tell my close friend (21F) that I won’t be moving in with her, but with my SO (22M) instead?
You know you're not in the honey moon phase anymore when you start to change the sheets after he leaves instead of before he comes over
How do you handle holidays in blended families?
What do I do?
My [25F] BFF [28M] makes everything about himself
A bisexual sexuality crisis
I (27M) feel like in the last few months, my friends and everyone have forgotten I exist. I feel so empty and I’m not sure what to do.
my (18) boyfriend’s (19) ex dmed me to say that he’s emotionally cheating on me
I (45m) have cheated on my girlfriend a few times (40f) (among other things) and neither of us can let go of our relationship.
Feeling jealous of my bf’s ex after seeing things on his phone (28F)(30M)
Is he pressuring me?
I [F27] feel disgusted with myself when reflecting on my relationship with my now ex-boyfriend [M33]
I(16F) can't help being upset with my boyfriend (16M) for sneaking out with our friends (16M & 16F)
How do I (28F) stop my in-laws (60M, 56F) from giving me gifts?
My best friend is prejudiced
How do I (28F) stop my in-laws (60M, 56F) from giving me gifts?
I [F24] am dating a girl [F23] who wants to be in a relationship in everything but name.
I [F27] feel disgusted with myself after reflecting on my relationship with my now ex-boyfriend [M33]
Me(20M) and my brother(13M) got into a fight and my random gift I ordered a week ago will arrive tomorrow, what should I do?
Please have talks with your teenage daughter(s) about their mental health, and use my experience as one of many reasons
Confusing situation with a guy (21/M)
my [20F] boyfriend [22M] forgot our 6 month anniversary
I F[19] am scared I will cheat on my boyfriend M[20]
What happened?
What happened?
Im scared I will cheat on my bf [20]
How do I (23) learn to trust my current bf (24)?
I might be obsessed with my bestfriend
What happened?
I have a hard time trusting my current bf due to past trauma
I’m scared I will cheat
In your opinion, are all types of cheating behaviors equally bad/irredeemable? How would you rank these four common types (in comments)?
Please have talks with your teenage daughters about their mental health and use my experience for an example as to why
Our future son's body is NOT a negotiating chip to get what you want- circumcision & buying a house
I (30m) just found out that the girl (25/f) I'm dating was hooking up with someone in a a relationship before she met me and I just don't see her the same way anymore.
I went NC with my sister (25F) after her bf (29M) dumped her for the 10th time in a year
my (23F) mom (60F) gave me the go ahead to kill my self. not sure where to go from here.
It's okay to allow your teenage daughters some privacy, but please have regular talks with them about their mental health
I deleted her then she blocked me
How do I accept that my friends are gone and that I won't be meeting anyone for the next 6 months?
Found out he(24m) cheated on me (25f). Don't know how to proceed.
Sexual Problems between me[M30] and gf [F26] of 1 year [Womans advice please]
How do I accept that most of my friends are gone and that I won't be meeting anyone new for the next 6 months?
I deleted her and then she blocked me
I(25f) found out he (24m) cheated. Not sure how to proceed.
I love my relationship, ask/comment stuff
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] doesn't understand that his inability to tell a girl to stop flirting with him hurt my feelings because I feel like he allowed another girl to disrespect our relationship. How do I discuss this with him?
I [34 M] don't know if i'm able to love
keeping our mental sanity has never been more important
My (20F) boyfriend (19M) searched about breaking up with me
Could this be as special as we think?
I feel like i’m at a turning point with my partner
I want to ask my(21F) bf(22M) if he could post a photo of us on his social media
Feel like I’m constantly arguing with my fiancé and don’t know how to change things. (20sM/F)
I want to ask my(21F) bf(22M) if he could post a picture of us on his social media
Sexual Problems between me[M30] and gf [F26] of 1 year [Womans advice please]
BF hates when I secretly flavour his coffee
My boyfriend (M18) is confusing me (F19) HELP
My(27M) girlfriend (26F) is emotionally cheating on me with a guy I met online and I'm not sure what to do.
Is my (16F) friend (16F) toxic?
hooking up with my best friend's brother
Earn Free Giftcards and Crypto!
My(26M) girlfriend (25F) is emotionally cheating on me and I'm not sure what to do.
A friend of mine (F31) recently told me (M30) thats she had a thing for me.
My (24F) Step Dad (40sM) kissed me when we were alone. It’s 6 years later and I’m pregnant, and I don’t know how to manage the fact I don’t want my child alone with him in the future.
My[31F] boyf [27M] gets annoyed whenever I ask him when he's getting a divorce
Boyfriend’s (27M) beauty preferences are destroying my (22F) self-esteem
I [25F] hate telling my parents [60s] any good news
My boyfriend is confusing me HELP
I [23 F] am in love with my best friend’s boyfriend and he [30 M] is in love with me too. How do I get out of this?
Lately she has stopped mentioning him. Is this a red flag that I should be concerned about?
Texting about a future talk
My (24F) Step Dad (40sM) kissed me when we were alone. It’s 6 years later and I’m pregnant, and I don’t know how to manage the fact I don’t want my child alone with him in the future.
Boyf gets angry whenever I ask when he's going to file for divorce
My boyfriend likes someone else (i guess?)
My(23m) girlfriend (24f) of 6 years has refused morning sex/night sex for the last year
How to tell my bf[24M] I [22F] am disappointed by his (cheap) gift
My(23m) girlfriend (24f) of 6 years has refused morning sex/night sex for the last year
Help me make sense
Should I ask my [20F] boyfriend [24M] to stop talking to his female friend [18F]?
Why would a partner stop mentioning somebody that they like?
I’m (26f) finding it hard to connect with my sisters
Is my (25F) moment with acquaintance (32M) true?
I (26f) can't help but feel like my sisters think I'm boring. Whenever I call, they seem uninterested, yet they call each other all the time. Any advice on what to do?
How to break up kindly?
How to break up kindly?
Is my (25F) momentary connection with acquaintance (32M) true?
My best friend seemingly ended our friendship and I’m not sure who went wrong where and how to solve it
Kinky sexual history is impacting how I [30NB] view my sexual relationship with partner [35F]
Text about a coming talk
How do I (22F) overcome this irrational anger re: losing an old best friend (21F)?
My (22m) Girlfriend (35f) refuses to see me
I [19f] embarrassed myself in front if my friend [18m] after sniffing his underwear and him catching me.
I (22F) don’t know how to overcome this irrational anger I have re: losing an old friend (21F).
Kinky sexual past is impacting how I [30NB] view my sexual relationship with partner [35F]
Are there red flags here or am I being paranoid?
How do I(25f) tell my mother (53f) that I am worried about her weight?
My (22m) girlfriend (35f) refuses to see me
I embarrassed myself in front if my friend after sniffing his underwear and him catching me.
Jealous is worsening my depression mac please help.
Jealousy is leading me to depression, help
Wholesome content incoming: what gifts have you received or sent to your S/O while in lockdown?
Me [20s/F] confused about close friends [both 20s/F) new friendship with ex
A long distance relationship [me = 18 F; him = 28 M]
21 F Broke up with my perfect boyfriend for an asshole I'm very much attracted to. What's wrong with me?
Important text
Past Love Story.. Need some advice
My boss (f25) and i(f23) went from bffs to enemies
Past Love Story.. Need advice
This Girl Has a Hold on Me
I don’t want kids
This Girl Has a Hold on Me
My ex (21m) hit me (21f) for the first time and says it's my fault.
Me [20 M] with my friend [19 F] asked her out, rejected( avoiding desperation)
I (21F) keep turning down someone (26F) for not being attracted to them. They aren't getting the message and now my friends are shaming me for it.
My [21F] sister [17F] hates me, and I don’t understand how or why and it breaks my heart.
I (21F) keep turning down someone (26F) for not being attracted to them. They aren't getting the message and now my friends are shaming me for it.
Am I selfish if I (28F) want to take 4 months off and travel without my partner (29M)?
unique kolkata escorts
Wife and I broke up and she found someone else. Now we are back together but I'm struggling to deal with the fact she met someone else.
My ex (21m) hit me(21f) for the first time and says it is my fault.
I (M/14) Want To Tell My Parents That I Want To Crossdress
How do I (18M) talk to my father (50M) about our relationship and my dead biological father?
FWB situation: Is my (F20) FWB (M22) starting to feel something for me?
Problems with gf this quarantine
I [26M] enchanted by [27F] that wants to pursue a married man
I (26M) found out that my ex(23F) cheated on me and is now with the guy (22) she cheated on. Do these kinds of relationships last long in your experience?
I (23M) got a job in Austin. My (23F) SO says she does not want to move in together unless I move back to Houston. Now what?
I found out that my ex cheated on me and is now with the guy she cheated on. Do these kinds of relationships last long in your experience?
I'm (23M) moving to Austin to persue a new job. My SO (23F) says she's happy in Houston and doesn't want to move in together unless I move back to Houston. Now what?
Boyfriend (20M) is not communicating well with me (22F)
Jealous of this other relationship...
My bf don't support me during hard times
How do I say goodbye? (20f)(39m)
I want to cut him off, but I’m not sure what to say
Is it normal to talk everyday with your close guy friend for almost 4 years? My friends always tell me its not normal and one of us secretly has feelings for each other.
How do I say goodbye? (20f) (39m)
Am I (21) being immature with my relationship with my boyfriend (31))
Where to go from here?
[UPDATE] I [24F] apologized to my bf [25M] for suggesting to take a break during an argument and now he won't budge. How can I save our relationship?
How do I say goodbye?
Love is like a high
My(21M) girlfriend(21F) gave me suggestive hints into flirting with her and I became oblivious to them. Now she’s annoyed with me a little and lost the will to continue.
Would you date an ex’s friend if they are no longer friends with each other?
In terms of bro code and girl code (whether you follow it or not) would you ever date an ex’s friend IF they are no longer friends?
Perspective on life
Am I(21F) a bad person for turning down someone who has a physical traitor I find a massive turn off?
My boyfriend doesn’t want me doing things his crazy ex did?
25 Female- would you give someone a chance, if they have been unfaithful in past relationships?
Would you be with someone, if they had been unfaithful in past relationships?
[UPDATE] I [24F] apologized to my bf [25M] for suggesting to take a break during an argument and now he won't budge. How can I save our relationship?
Where to go from here
[UPDATE] My BF and I communicate intimacy very differently and I need help/support.
Heartbroken (16m)
[UPDATE] My BF and I communicate intimacy very differently and I need help/support.
Look for female to talk to that I can trust to not backstab me like everyone else that I've trusted Lately
I (28F) don’t know if I want to continue being in a relationship with my bf (30M)
[UPDATE] My BF and I communicate intimacy very differently and I need help/support.
My boyfriend doesn't want me doing a lot of things because of his crazy ex?
How often do you think a non custodial parent should ring their children?
Psycho Ex Boyfriend Traumatized Me For Life
Is it normal to not want to be a in a relationship anymore after an abortion?
my kinda sorta s.o. (M18) has changed since quarantine and i (F17) am trying to navigate how to deal with it
My [21F] sister [17F] hates me, and I don’t know why or what to do about it, and it breaks my heart
my kinda sorta s.o. (M18) has changed since quarantine and i (F17) am trying to navigate how to deal with it
Psycho Ex Boyfriend Traumatized Me For Life
My first and only partner wants to marry me. Should I be concerned about having no comparison for a relationship at all?
The Dangers of Defining Love as Infatuation
In a position where I promised myself I will never be in again
F 35, a year and 3 months
Did I dodge a bullet?
Am I (21F) a bad person for turning down someone(26F)for something they can't help but I find a giant turn off?
How do I reason with someone so angry at me for things out of control?
(F/26) Laid off 1 week before signing apartment lease with (F/25) roommate.
Not sure how to mention this without ending things forever
I [23F] love my boyfriend [21M] of 3yrs, but I’m struggling to overcome transgressions of the past. How can I move past this?
The dangers of defining Love as Infatuation
I can’t stop thinking about my boyfriend’s ex and it’s hurting me
I (f25) wished my parents (f50s/m50s) had been more supportive about my interests and possible career choice.
How can I [23F] change how I feel towards my [21M] boyfriend of 3yrs, whom I love but struggle to let go of things they did in the past?
Is it an excuse
My (24F) partner (31M) has not proposed, should I be concerned
I (21) am tired of my bf (31) being a loser. Why can’t I find a man that is also financially stable and attractive and faithful ?
I [M22] just want to be left alone
How can one feel love for someone but also struggle to forgive them?
problem with double standards boyfriend irrational and feeding on other female attention?
(20, F) loosing interest and likes me to chase her
My [29M] wife's [27F] father is a racist police officer and I need help navigating this
How do I do this without ruining everything?
Things between my (22F) GF and I (22M) haven’t been great & things feel very platonic lately; any advice would mean the world to me
My girlfriend 27 broke up with me 25(m) but I still want to fix things and I’m not sure what to do.
I (F/25) Went On First Date With Guy (M/28) And Now He's Asking If He Can Sleep Over? He Just Wants Sex, Right?
im (19 f) worried about saying what i want to my bf (21 m) because they might be deemed immoral
Is this what happy feels like?
I (23f) love my boyfriend (24) but I also miss dating other people
(20m)(26f) my girlfriend is depressed and thinks the only way to be happy is to go single and work on herself.
Honest opinions and thoughts
would you (18) break up with your boyfriend(19) if his ex (17) dms you saying he’s emotionally cheating?
(20, F) is loosing interest and likes me to chase her.
So this is what a healthy relationship feels like
What should I do on this topic?
Honest opinions and thoughts about my guy friend.
9 Signs Of A Failing Relationship || Time To Leave
I love my boyfriend but I also miss dating other people
What should I do? Honest opinions please
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) is insecure about his penis size
(20m)My girlfriend (26f) is experiencing depression and thinks the only way to be happy if to go single.
Riddled with insecurities
I (f20) am very in love with my partner (m22) but sometimes i get very anxious about our relationship
Would U Guys Call This A Toxic Friend?
My (34m) girlfriend (22f) of four years has not responded to me at all in a week, am I being ghosted?
Broken heart did the breaking
Girlfriend (24)mum’s friends ask why she chose me (dark skinned person, 28)
I (f24) have been texting this guy (m23) every day for the past 3 weeks. But it hasn’t been flirty.
I (f24) have been texting this guy (m23) every single day for the past 3 weeks but it isn’t flirty
My boyfriend (22M) wants to move to Tennessee to be close to his family but I (25F) want to move to Portland, OR.
would you break up with your boyfriend if his girlfriend dms you saying he’s emotionally cheating?
My [23f] boyfriend [26f] stopped hanging out with his friends after they ignored me for over a year. Now I feel guilty.
The one
My [M,26] Best Friend[M,27] is trying to get know a girl[F,27] that I used to chat with for a long time. Situation is a bit complicated. Should I confront him?
“The one”
My [23f] boyfriend’s [26f] friends ignored me for over a year, so he stopped hanging out with them. Now I feel guilty.
Affirmations you tell yourself to help with jealousy.
Girlfriend (19) wont do sexual things with me (M18) although she has a sexual past
Girlfriend mum’s friends ask her why she chose me (dark skinned person)
Girlfriend (19) wont do sexual things with me (M18) although she has a sexual past
Blocking people who have wronged me off of social media so I can forget they ever existed?
Am I wrong for wanting to cut off my friend who isn't fully transparent?
Ayuda 😭
Corny Sex Voice
I (17M) asked out my crush and good friend, and she (17F) said no, trying to figure out how to move on
Unsupportive girlfriend
Corny Sex Voice
My (25F) partner (27M) of 3 years came out to me this morning, and wants an open relationship.
My friend became my girlfriend, but not anymore. She was toxic.
My (24F) relationship with my BF (22M) is going to make or break the next phase of my life and where I live and I don't know what choice to make
What's a relationship red flag that you ignored and look back on like "What was I thinking?"
How do I [27F] cope myself & help my family cope with my mother's abusive behaviour, especially my father [60M]? - UK resources especially needed
Watching Porn
How do I get over a best friend breakup?
I (26M) fell in love with and exchange student (23F)
How to get over a best friend breakup that happened years ago
My father (47M) is abusive towards my mother (45F) and Me (21M).
Has anyone waited for a special someone for a long time to be in a relationship?
Random jealousy
Am I (19NB) overreacting to my toxic ex-roommate's (20F) behavior after cutting contact?
My girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) decided on an open relationship with the rule that we would tell each other about who we were seeing and what our feelings are so we could be on the same page. She hooked up with someone and didn’t tell me about it. What do I do?
AITA for watching porn
My girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) decided on an open relationship with the rule that we would tell each other about who we were seeing and what our feelings are so we could be on the same page. She hooked up with someone and didn’t tell me about it. What do I do?
Why am I suddenly so jealous?
We decided on an open relationship...
My newly ex boyfriend [34/m] broke up with me because I [29/f] was "too clingy." Was this a fair assessment and how can I change?
My (36M) sister (30F) is having a large wedding during the pandemic.
My (36M) sister (30F) is having a large wedding during the pandemic.
My (22F) long distance boyfriend (22M) is not putting in the effort- give up or stay?
I dated a guy after getting out of an abusive relationship and feel like he was the one who got away
I think my (30F) dad (60M) has an eating disorder. No one is taking it seriously
OP (22M) just slept with my best friend (24F) of 7 years, I'm afraid I'm going to mess everything up.
Is it weird that the majority of my (F29) friends are in their early twenties? (M23,F21,F20)
Experiences breaking up to get back together?
I (23F) dated a guy (23M) right after getting out of an abusive relationship and ruined it. I feel like he’s the one that got away.
Thoughts on this?
Thoughts on this?
My(24f) boyfriend(34m) wants to move to a new place and i dont. Also having other problems. Should i stay commited to the relstionship and make compromises, or tell him to leave and continue working on myself?
Am I (21M) at fault any in the fight with my sister. (23F)?
An open letter to my (25F) high school sweet heart (24M)
I want to fuck my best friend.
July 13th Me(M18) and my GF(F18) have to break up, I need help.
I'm too weird to be liked [19 Male] No idea what I can do
Should I (25F) cut my "sister" (32F) out of my life simply because I don't like who she is as a person?
My [F23] brother [M25] is angry with me because I dont want to tell my sister [F28] about a really personal incident that happened to me
How do I (30F) get my partner (30M) to change the litter box?
July 13th Me and my Girlfriend have to break up I need help.
I'm too weird to be liked [19M] I have no idea what to do.
I (24f),want to know of i should break things off with my bf(34m) or stay. He is unmotivated, unhealthy and has baggage.
Is it naive to believe in the idea of high school sweethearts?
Should I (25F) cut my "sister" (32F) out of my life simply because I don't like who she is as a person?
I (25M) get the sense that my girlfriend (23F) wants me to change my political opinions
I (26f) can't help but feel like my sisters think I'm boring. Whenever I call, they seem uninterested, yet they call each other all the time. Any advice on what to do?
UPDATE : My boyfriend (20M) has ghosted me for 2 days now since this post
I’ve (20F) recently developed feelings for a guy (21M) who I initially turned down.
I [F 18] am having trouble communicating my wants to my BF [M 21] of 5 months because I feel like I'm being toxic.
Help
My (25F) Brother (35M) Dumped My Mom (60F) via text
My (F19) fiancé (M19) won’t stop looking at nsfw subreddits
My (M19) fiancé (M19) won’t stop looking at nsfw posts on reddit.
I [25F] hate telling my parents [60s] good news
Me (F35) and husband (M34) both work from home, but he won't leave me alone!
I (F35) and my husband (M34) both work from home now and he won't leave me alone.
Feeling that me (25M) and my girlfriend (26F) are slowly drifting apart
I feel like I (27F) never get to do what I want in my relationship with my boyfriend (28) of two years, and I’m getting tired of it.
Wedding rings!
Feeling that me (25M) and my girlfriend (26F) are slowly drifting apart
Saying things like "that's stupid!" in a relationship
Feeling that me (25M) and my girlfriend (26F) are drifting apart
I (17F) recently started dating a guy (18M) and am nervous about losing my virginity.
I (20F) don’t know what to do with my roommate (19F)
Saying things like "that's stupid" in a relationship
Saying things like "that's stupid" in a relationship
what to expect for my first time?
Am I crazy for thinking he is selfish?
I [26M] feel trapped in my relationship with my live in GF [23F]. I feel I need to end this. Help.
My (25M) GF (25F) has an issue with me watching the majority of shows/movies I want to watch without her.
Girl (19f) I am talking to (me 22 f) ignores me to have her chase me. Is this wrong and how to I deal w it.
Is it normal for some people to not like PDA at all?
How would you interpret this conversation I (F24) had with my bf M(26)?
How do I (29/F) tell my friend (34/M) of five years that I can no longer be his dating therapist?
My (20F) sister (14F) keeps posting inappropriate pics for her age on instagram, how do I talk to her about this?
Am I crazy for thinking this guy is selfish?
My (25M) GF (25F) has an issue with me watching the majority of shows/movies I want to watch without her.
Me (25M) feeling odd about sudden shift in friendship with (23F) What to do?
Is the girl [35F] that I'm [36M] seeing loosing interest in me?
Is it strange to keep up a platonic friendship with an older man? (him 55M, me 30F)
Experiences breaking up and getting back together?
Telling friends information about other friends
Friendship ending due to minor issues??
What is the creepiest thing your former partner has ever told you?
UPDATE TO “My (24F) boyfriend (31M) uses tinder to masturbate to”
UPDATE TO “My (24F) boyfriend (31M) uses tinder to masturbate to”
Me (25M) feeling odd about sudden shift in friendship with (23F) What to do?
I think I figured out the difference between lust and true love
Am I (M24) overthinking this situation with my work colleague (F22)?
Should I text my ex happy birthday?
I think I figured out the difference between true love and lust
My (23F) boyfriend (26M) hates birthdays and his is coming up soon. How can I make it special for him without overdoing it?
UPDATE TO: MY(20F) FRIEND (21F) cut me out of her life and im afraid she's in an unhealthy relationship
UPDATE TO my (f20) friend (f21) cut me out of her life and im afraid she's in an unhealthy relationship
I'm Dating my Former Student
UPDATE TO My(20f) friend0(21f) has cut me out of her life and im afraid she is in an unhealthy relationship
I (28m) will have been married to my wife(27f) in October! Should we still celebrate our dating anniversary?
Obsessive thoughts about breaking up- advice?
UPDATE TO “My (24F) boyfriend (31M) uses tinder to masturbate to”
Update to: my friend cut me out of her life and im afraid she is in an abusive relationship
My (24F) GF (24F) was abused as a child and now as an adult is emotionally needy. How can I help her fulfill these needs?
My [28M] girlfriend [26F] has been having an online relationship with another guy, doesn't consider it cheating.
I'm Dating My Former Student
Me [18M] having mixed feelings for her [18F] Advice needed!
How is it possible
My boyfriend (20M) and I (20F) have been together for almost 5 years and I think I want to end it, need advice
Would you ever break up with someone for dramatically changing their hairstyle?
Would you ever break up with someone for dramatically changing their hairstyle?
Will this pass or should I get out now before we have kids? I am terrified after her last panic attack and I don't know what to do.
My boyfriend (20m) and I (20f) have been together for almost 5 years and I think I want to end it. I need advice
When My (24f) girlfriend isn’t working she just sits at home all day and it irritates me (26m)
How can I (21F) get over this and stop being so insecure?
Boyfriend (M24) is finally making some changes, but I (F24) am scared it might be too late
Im(16m) sad that I cant get her(16f) to like me back. And I cant get over her either.
We'll have been married for a year this October! Do people still celebrate their dating anniversary once they're married??
Getting a Personal Item Back
I [M32] am a major cheater on my GF [F41] of four years.
LD Rebound Relationship?
My (36F) fiancé (32M) never shuts up.
Feeling when you see an ex
Feeling when you see an ex
My (36F) fiancé (32M) talks non stop.
My (30M) Fiancée (29F) has discovered a new love of cooking and made me her unwilling sous chef
To love or to hate? Emotional confusion about my abusive father
Boyfriend (M24) is finally making some changes, but I (F24) am scared it might be too late
To love of to hate? Emotional confusion about my (f,25) father (m,57)
Legal system offers no protection- I need help
To love or to hate? Emotional confusion towards my father
When the legal system's failing -I need help
I (25) am having trouble getting my girlfriends(28) daughter (6) to like me. Despite all my efforts she is back and forth. Starting to lie and act out as well. Not just with me but in general
Any women interested in foreign men?
My(25) girlfriend (28) has a daughter (6) who I am having a hard time getting to like me. Sometimes she is good other times she is not. She has started acting out and also started lying. Her dad also started seeing someone recently and I’m wondering if this is all just too much for her or what
should I (29F) tell my bf (30M) that he has caused me major self esteem issues?
My [F24] Boyfriend [M26] being distant the past few days due to low mood
Fell for my best friend but we can't date and I want to try and stay friends
Judgmental boyfriend
How do I [F24] handle a distant boyfriend [M26] when he’s having some low days?
Having trouble getting my girlfriends daughter who is 6 to like me. Been acting out and lying.
Judgmental boyfriend
My (30F) husband (31M) makes me the bad guy about our budget
Love language miscommunication
How do I (25F) deal with my insecurities around his (26M) sexual past
Fell for my best friend and don't know what to do
My (22F) boyfriend (25M) is sketchy when it comes to his phone.
I (M21) am involved in an Arranged Marriage with My Aunt (F34)
Overwhelmed after commitmement
I [27F] am even more confused now what [25m ] intentions are .
SO (28M) always lectures me when I (28F) buy things for our house and I’m tired of it.
How can I get over this breakup
My 72 year-old dad watches a far-right news programme, despite being a leftist.
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) won’t let me spend money on him but he loves to spend money on me.
Should I (20F) try to fix my friendship with my ex-friend (30F)? Do I even deserve her after how I've treated her in the past?
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) doesn’t like it when I spend money on him but he loves to spend money on me.
I (18f) can’t stop dwelling on how my bf (18m) treated me
I [24F] have been dating my BF [25M] for 6 years, but think I'm in love with my best friend [24M]
Help me make sense of this exchange that I (19, M) had with my crush (18, F)
My (19f) boyfriend (20m) wants to end everything after 3 years but also can’t seem to let go.
Someone (30sM) who rescued me (30F) from an accident reached out.. is it safe to communicate with him?
I feel like I snaked my best friend
Being friendzoned after 2 months flirting. YAYY
My Bf of Almost a Year Cheated With Someone He Told Everyone He Hated
I just want to be loved
First-time Homebuyers - strain on our marriage
A guy on Hinge lied to my friend (23f) about his age, saying he was 27 but is really 39
I [24F] have been dating my BF [25M] for 6 years, but think I'm in love with my best friend [24M]
M(30)y gF(38) wants me to move in, I refuse and we might break up
Being friendzoned after 2 months of flirt. Or not flirt.
9 Tips to Forget your past love
M(30)y gf(38) says we need to talk about my refusal to move in I think we’re going to break up
My close friend (24f) just started dating a guy who told her he is 27, when he is really 39.
My(22m) best friend(20f) asked for space due to my insecurity and lack of independence in our relationship. I have some questions.
Is a “break” just an inevitable break-up?
My (29F) husband (30M) hates his job and refuses to quit. It’s destroying our marriage.
My(22m) best friend(20f) asked for space because of my lack of independence and ,and the insecurity present in our relationship. I have some questions.
Low self esteem
Boyfriend broke my trust and is not helping regain it
Just friendzoned an hour ago
Thrust Issues in new Relationship (22M)
I (F24) am uncomfortable with my boyfriend (M29) using cocaine even just a couple times a year.
I [19f] left my ex [21m] a year ago after I became emotionally and physically distant. He thinks I cheated, but I was actually sexually assaulted. Should I tell him the truth?
My fiance (36M) and I (33F) are both feeding into each other's smartphone addictions and it's affecting us negatively.
Any idea why this has happened?
How to not be a fixer?
Trying to stop being a fixer
Do you delete pictures of your exes?
My (34f) roommate (21f) wants to be more strict with her daughter (3f) bc she thinks I’m too nice to her and making her not listen.
Missing talking with women
My (37m) close friend (24f) just started dating a guy who told her he is 27, when he is really 39.
How/Should I ask my bf to go on a break?
How/Should I ask my bf if we can go on a break?
My mum keeps calling me names in private then denying it when I tell the rest of my family??
Trying to sort out some stuff
I [30M] don’t want to be financial support for my new MIL, but I don’t want MIL to suffer or stressed out new wife
How to politely steer my (38M) friend (38F) out of their single issue mindset?
My girlfriend (22F) of more than 1 year suddenly broke up with me (25M) because “it doesn't feel right” but can’t explain why and says she still loves me
How to politely steer my (38M) friend (38F) out of their single issue mindset?
How to politely steer my friend out of their single issue mindset?
My best friend wants to be “chill” with the girl who my ex cheated on me with
Boyfriend’s (35m) close friend (35m) posts worrisome content on FB and I (24f) feel like this reflects poorly upon my boyfriend.
My mum keeps saying nasty things to me in private then denying them when I tell my family??
How to maintain a relationship with my girlfriend while she is studying abroad
[x-post from /r/relationship_advice] I (30M) don’t want to be financially responsible for new MIL
Varying sex drives? Peer pressure? Honestly, super confused.
When to start seeing SO during quarantine
I (20f) Had a situationship with a guy I thought I was the one (21m). How do I know when to give up or if it will be?
My Girlfriend(F26) Told Me(M33) About Her Past Hookups and it Really Bothers Me
Immediate rejection vs delayed rejection (after a few dates), which one is more painful?
My ex girlfriend keeps trying to reach out to me subtly after breakup
Parents insist I (22F) live with them after college and implement financial hardships if I do otherwise?
My (16M) girlfriend (16F) seems upset and won't speak to me about why (read more)
Parents do not want me (22F) to be living on my own after college/insist I live with them?
My ex girlfriend keeps on subtly reaching out after 3 weeks of breakup
My Girlfriend(F26) Told Me(M33) About Her Past Hookups and it Really Bothers Me
UPDATE:My (29f) dads (49) affair was just exposed only hours after we placed my moms (56) father into hospice
Woman in a relationship told me she loved me as a friend?
How should I(M/24) handle girlfriend’s (F/29) sexual past?
Woman in a relationship told me she loved me as a friend?
My (37m) close friend (24f) just started dating a guy who told her he is 27, when he is really 39.
(AMANDA NEEDS YOUR HELP) How can I break up with my jelouse boyfriend without hurting him and still be friends?
Have you guys before becoming cops committed any crime?
Boyfriend(25) upset because I(f23) said at least my breath doesn’t smell like morning breath
How do I communicate to my conservative parents about my sexuality and problems with Christianity?
I don't know how to tell my mom (61F) that I (26F) don't have the headspace to deal with her right now.
Am I [29m] an idiot for dumping a girl [22f] I love for not being able to commit to the relationship?
Me [33 F] with guy I was seeing [32 M] 2 months, I broke it off, and am feeling shameful and confused by what happened.
My husband has changed drastically since our wedding.
Am I [29m] an ass for breaking up with my gf [22f] for not being able to decide whether or not she wanted to be in the relationship?
My husband has drastically changed since our wedding.
How wrong was I for ending this relationship? I regret it now... but it seemed right
Why did he delete his profile after I sent a friend request?
I don’t know if breaking up was a mistake
My husband has DRASTICALLY changed after our wedding.
I don’t know I breaking up was a mistake
Boyfriend(25) is upset at me(f23) for me telling him at least my breath doesn’t smell like morning breath
I don’t know if breaking up was a mistake or not
[Serious] Ladies (23 >), what are some examples of inappropriate/unwanted courtship behaviour that you have experienced?
Depressive episodes
Has anyone else been in this situation before? Any advice on how to better deal with it?
Explain this to me please
How to avoid taking back someone who hurt you too much?!
Depressive episodes
My (19M) Best Friends (19F) (19F) (19F) Is Confronting Me About "Hooking Up" With Other Women Secretly & She Got My Muslim Sisters Involved. My Family Is Muslims But I'm Not (I'm Agnostic). How Do I Fix This Problem?
6 months of dating--I,24(f) and 35(m), have a terrible sex life. Not sure if we are exclusive, but I have been seeing other people, and feel very guilty.
Boyfriend upset because I said at least my breath doesn’t smell like morning breath
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) wants to go to college in London
being friends with someone who can’t keep your secrets
[Serious] Ladies, what are some examples of inappropriate courtship behaviour that you have experienced?
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) wants to go to school in London, what do I do?
I’m (32M) concerned about my wife (25F)
My (m/24) ex (f/23) of 7 years is posting nasty stuff about me online.
my roommate doesn’t want me to see my boyfriend because she is worried we “could be having sex” at any given moment
Why is he [22M] still talking to me [22F] post grad when he hasn’t been fully invested?
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) wants to go to school in London
Indian male with depression but also denial
I [22F] don’t know what his [22M] motive is
[22F] confused on what his motive is [22M] (going on for 6 mo)
I want to contact my half-siblings who don’t know I exist
Top 10 tips to lose weight fast [Scientifically Proven]
I don’t even know what to title this... what do I do.
I don’t think I’m really in love with my husband.
My (28M) best friends (25M) girlfriend (22F) sent me a message. What do I do?
Love language miscommunication
I (25)F and my partner (26) M dismisses abuse
I’m so tempted to try and work it out again even though I’ve been hurt beyond my boundaries and know it’s wrong. Need help moving on.
Me [25F] moving to work in a remote city, my BF [32M] can't find a job there. What now?
I ( 25) F my partner (26) feels like dismissing my abuse
OPEN RELATIONSHIPS DURING THE PANDEMIC?
I’m thinking about reaching out to my half-siblings who don’t know I exist
I (24) F and my partner (26) M feel like he is gaslighting me
Am I in trouble?
24(M) best friend won’t speak to me now I have a boyfriend
Any advice for breaking it to my parents that I don't want kids?
I [33M] am taking too long to finish school, and it’s affecting my parent [60sM/F]
Tips for me [25M] getting a cute, tiny Chinese girlfriend [20sF]?
Ex bf (28m) dumped me (24f) and blocked me on everything, saying he would unblock me and talk to me in two months? Why?
I (36M) started a relationship with a coworker (34F) while she is married and I had a GF.
Man (33) falls in love with woman (30) both married with 3+ kids
I (M16) don’t like my father (M49) for having kids with someone not my mom
My (F/21) Bf (M/22) doesn’t understand my social anxiety and that I can’t be as forward as him.
I (21m) how/should i tell this girl I like her before she finds out that I have cancer
Partner M(25) guilting me F(20)
I [30] F want to tell my dad 64 [M] how i feel but not sure what to say.
I (M16) don’t like my father (M49) for having kids with someone not my mom
I (21m) how/should I tell this girl I like her before she finds out I have cancer
Partner M(25) guilting me F(20)
Partner Guilting me over Concerns
I (26F) recently split with my boyfriend (26M). I’m really worried about the future as I always wanted kids, but am scared it’ll never happen.
My (29 F) boyfriend (29 M) is being abusive, but I can't break up just yet.
I (M36) started a relationship with a coworker (F34) while she is married and I had a GF.
My [31F] boyfriend [39m] has been distant and announced to me yesterday that he is texting with his ex girlfriend
Ex bf (28m) dumped me, blocked me on everything, and said he would unblock me and talk to me (24f) in two months? Why?
I've [40M] got a neurological issue that I think is making it difficult to make friends.
Brother mistreats his girlfriend
I (18f) get into relationships i'm not really interested in
Is it normal to have very fond memories which my SO was not part of?
Husband left me and I'm confused.
My first gf (F29) broke my heart, and I still ain't coping well (M28). She became emotionally abusive, My friends and family also believe she was a narcissist. I'm trying to learn something from this, but I don't know what to think of anymore. TL;DR
How do you deal with a cruel, spiteful, and “crazy” baby mama/daddy?
My (29 F) boyfriend (29 M) is kind of abusive, but I can't break up with him yet.
My (29 F) boyfriend (29 M) is kind of abusive, but I can't break up with him just yet.
I (18f) get in relationships I'm not that interested in
My husband (30M) hates his job and won’t quit. It’s ruining our (29F)(30M) marriage.
I’m not sure if I can handle my (21f) SO’s (22m) untreated depression
What are good ways to make friends
I want the girl I like to like me back but I think I messed up.. (both 16)
I [23M] want to break up with my long term girlfriend [23F]. What’s the best way to do this without chaos?
What are good ways to meet people?
Started a relationship by both of us cheating on our SO
My (23M) EX GF (26F) said I was not good enough among other things. I am having trouble understanding if my feelings are valid.
How to get over a extreme feelings [24M] for someone [24F]
I feel like a horrible person for being jealous, please help me change.
Should I (23F) work to maintain the relationship with the father of my child (23M)?
I feel like a horrible person for being jealous about small stuff.
I [23F] question things every time I’m away from my new boyfriend [24M]
I (22M) almost hooked you after making out with and getting naked with my best friend (22F). I don’t know where we stand, how to, or if I need to, fix thing.
What's the difference between loving a person and loving the idea of a person?
Boyfriend (34M) is German, I (30F) am trying to learn some of the language... is it worth it?
What's the difference between loving a person and loving the idea of a person?
I (F20) want to break up, again, because I can't ignore current SO(M24)'s flaws
Fiancé tried to sexually experiment with sibling when he was younger and I’m weirded out but glad he told me but idk how to get over knowing
Having a hard time moving forward(26F) from ending 3 year relationship with ex boyfriend (29M) should I feel guilty?
How important is convergence on health/wellness?
I (35m) have been stuck in Canada away from my (31f) in the United States for 4 months until now. Everything’s changed. Did the Pandemic break us?
Is my boyfriend controlling or am I just crazy???
SO (24M) wants to do the same thing every weekend. I (25F) want to do other things. Problems ensue.
Girlfriend of two years has been on/off talking to her ex but recently it’s gotten more and it’s not sitting right with me
My bf scared me awake and my anxiety caused me to lash out (M/F 27)
I (35m) have been stuck in Canada away from my (31f) gf for 4 months until recently and our relationship is on the rocks. Did the pandemic break us?
Does my [17m] friend [17f] have a crush on me?
My (35m) platonic friend (28f) hides me from her friends
Is she (25) with me only for my (30) money?
Girlfriend of two years has been on/off talking to her ex but recently it’s gotten more and it’s not sitting right with me
At a Loss
He [32M] says he is looking for a relationship but doesn't want to rush into one. Is this legit or just an excuse?
Girlfriend of two years has been on/off talking to her ex but recently it’s gotten more and it’s not sitting right with me
So my "ex" (19F) told me she doesn't care how i (20M) feel in any capacity even though i'm trying to be nice to her, i have no idea what to do.
My (35m) work friend (28f) hides her friends from me
Is there an option that is best between online and irl, when asking someone out ?
Is she (25) with me (30) for my money?
My bf (M25) and I (F23) are arguing on buying an apartment now or waiting to live in TX in 2 years to finally live together.
I (46f) think my kids (17m & 16f) might be in a relationship
At A Loss
Help...gf’s boss keeps hitting on her
My sister (19F) told me (17M) that she cant wait for my dad to die to get his insurance money. What do I do??
My sister (19F) told me (17M) that she cant wait for my dad to die to get his insurance money. What do I do??
Sharing dog with ex
My sister (19F) told me (17M) that she cant wait for my dad to die to get his insurance money. What do I do??
Longtime overthinker feeling anxiety about next steps in relationship
Still in love with my (25F) high school sweetheart (24M)
Longtime over thinker feeling anxiety about future of relationship
Advice for me (17M), a senior, dating a freshman (14F)
Bride (31F) expects me (31F) to act like maid of honour... but I'm not
Looking for ideas to have a romantic night inside for boyfriends birthday
How do I deal with my (29f) boyfriend's (31m) ignorant close family members?
My (23f) partner (25m) says my baby bump is a boner killer.
Looking for ideas for a romantic night at home for boyfriends birthday
I love my step sister
Im scared to loose her. Please help me out. (both 16)
How do I (18F) help my girlfriend (20F) heal from me telling her that I’m not as physically attracted to her as I used to be :/
I [26M] feel trapped in my relationship with my live in GF [23F]. I feel I need to end this. Help.
How do I (23f) initiate a calm and sensitive breakup to my partner (33m)?
Boyfriend won’t have sex with me because of weight gain?
I (46f) think my children (17m & 16f) might be in a relationship
How would you react if your husband or bf came out as bisexual?
How do I (17M) ask my mum (36F) to stop taking my money
Girl [19f] I'm [19m] dating gives really unusual/awkward kisses. How to kindly tell her?
How can I help my boyfriend understand my anxiety? (F/M 27)
How do I (17M) stop my mum from taking my money (36F)
My Best friend flat out ignores me when his girlfriend is around, been going on for 6+ months and I’m not sure how or if I should approach him about it.
My heart is broken and I need help.
[22/m] I like this girl (24/f), she's really friendly in public, but when i message her, she ignores it. What does this mean?
Did anyone else feel an intense connection with a quarantine texting buddy?
Miscommunication or disconnect when I(20F) sent pictures to BF(23M)
Does anyone feel that quarantining has led to losing attraction to your SO?
My (17f) ex boyfriend (18m) asked me out on a date?
My (24F) brother (22M) is obsessed with marriage and keeps doing ridiculous things that scare women away.
Bf's (26M) anime girls vs. Me (22F)
Any way to fix relationship with a neighbor?
Does anyone else feel that quarantining has led to losing attraction to your SO?
I (36F) am afraid that my husband (36M) will eventually leave because of his beliefs.
Bf's anime obsession
I (34M) feel like a fundamentalist Christian upbringing really ruined my feelings on sexuality for my wife (33F) and myself. What can I do at this point to really solve the related problems?
My good friend (21M) and I (21F) keep hooking up with each other.
I [25M] have a rocky relationship with an emotionally unstable girlfriend [21F]
Student and Band Teacher
My boyfriend thinks I have cheated because I tested positive for chlamydia. I have been loyal.
I [23M] called out my roommate [26M] for bashing our mutual friend, now I'm getting the cold shoulder
Should I be FWB with my ex
Girlfriend Super Passive Aggressive
Boyfriend (36M) keeps supporting me (22F) but I'm thinking about breaking up?
My [25M] boyfriend touched my [23F] best friends [24F] thigh after saying he wouldn't do it again.
SO (33M) and I (30F) seem to have great communication EXCEPT about one thing
Is my (21F) dad (54M) catfishing my mum (52F)?
Is my (21F) dad (54M) catfishing my mum (52F)?
I'm [26F] struggling to get over my mother's [55F] alcoholism/infidelity/"bad" choices and am beginning to resent her
An old high school friend (f27) has been messaging me (m26) and my gf (f25) is pissed
My boyfriend (35M) treated me (30F) like a child during an argument- later he apologized but said it was necessary
Is my (21F) dad (54M) catfishing my mum (52F)?
How can I(22f) show support for my bf(24m) who's just gotten help for his mental health?
Is my dad cat fishing my mum?
What does it mean when he says he needs me?
found out girlfriend (24) texted her ex and said she was free to hangout and she never mentioned it to me
relationship about my ex
He said he needs me?
So basically me and my girlfriend broke up 4 weeks ago, i've been feeling kinda lost tbh, i havent seen myself with someone else and i couldnt see myself in the future without her. But basically so i think it was around 1,5 week after our breakup she posted pics on a new guy and she has spent a lot
I (31F) don't know how to make my husband (33M) happy anymore.
How should I address the fact that I feel bad because my mother (50F) never ever got me (18F) any birthday gifts yet just bought a new phone to her grandson (22M) that she never met?
Future uncertainties about long distance relationship is making me[24M] overwhelmed
My (33m) girlfriend (32f) and I will get engaged soon. How can I make it clear I don’t want her previous engagement to be a sideshow to the whole thing?
Two years in and I’m not sure if I have a narcissist on my hands or if I should keep investing... help!?!!
Inappropriate Sexual Comment
My (29f) friend (29f) drinks way too much. I don't. I barely have any friends but it's awkward being around her. I want this friendship but don't know what to do.
What men need to understand about pregnancy
I (16m) am scared of loosing her (16f)
Not relationship related but friend related. I need advice guys..
I really am scared of losing her (both 16)
How do I [M24] build a relationship with my emotionally unavailable anxious [F22] love interest?
I'm 50 year old male (cis) who have spent decades trying to seducing my wife a 48 year old female (cis) for "extra" sex, to no avail. Is my seduction a waste of time?
Bumped into my ex for the first time since the breakup and I guess I just need a hug.
I think my (28f) soon to be ex husband (29m) is dealing drugs
Living with partner issues
Help us (28F&29M) repair our relationship with our neighbors (Late-40sM&F)
My (24F) boyfriend's (24M) obsession with qualifying for the Olympics is hurting our relationship
My(25M) GF(25F) wants more kids than I think I can handle
Got back with Ex [22F] and she uses me [27M]
Am I "crazy" for calling out ex-boyfriend when he got mad about nudes?
Bumped into my ex for the first time since the breakup and I guess I just need a hug.
My boyfriend’s (26M) job is hiring, I (23F) fit the description. Should I say anything?
I [f23]tried to bring up performance anxiety with my fwb [m26] and was shut down
Girlfriend (23f) and I (23m) can't seem to stay together
I (31F) don't know what to do to make my husband (33M) happy anymore.
Is seduction a waste of time on someone with very little or no sexual interest?
My(17M) older sister(21F) doesn't have a goal in life
Girlfriend (23f) and I (23m) keep arguing and have had an on/off relationship for 8 years.
My(25M) and GF(25F) have different ideas of how many kids we want
I’m 25M and been in a relationship nearly 5 years. I love my partner but wishing I had done more with my younger years and now getting to that settling stage, I am getting stage fright. Do I end it and live my life ‘free and wild’ or will I have regret?
UPDATE!: My(24f) SO (28m) of 6yrs slept with my best friend (~30f) and I want to know how to salvage the friendship
UPDATE!: SO slept with best friend and I want to know how to salvage the friendship
Struggling to move on
My 3 year boyfriend commented on my weight all the time and made me anorexic
Struggling to move on from a relationship.
SO slept with best friend and I want to know how to salvage the friendship
My 3 year boyfriend made me so insecure he gave me an eating disorder
How do I start to communicate better with SO if she's not willing to do it?
Is it a thing to be unattractive to your ex boyfriend’s natural scent/pheromones once you break up?
Boyfriend still keeps tabs on his exes social media updates.
How would you react if your husband or boyfriend came out to you as bisexual?
How can I accept that my partner is attracted to others?
My fiancee (27 F) changed her mind about moving with me (28 M)for my career
My partner [26m] lied to me for the first time? [23f]
Me [36 M] with my (recently ex) girlfriend [32 F] of four years, her birthday's coming up. Gift ideas?
Should I (M34) ask my best friend (M33) not to tell his wife what I say to him?
Should I (M34) ask my best friend (M33) not to tell his wife what I say to him?
My girlfriend likes to collect junk we don't need. How do I change things?
My fiancee (27 F) changed her mind about moving with me (28 M) for my career
New dog resident pushing me to move out.
My (24 F) boyfriend (29 M) won't kick out his roommate.
help!
My GF got mad because I asked her to take down my OCs from her Twitter Post
New dog pushing me to move out.
Looking for input am i the ahole
(M29), (F30) Just tired of the arguing, wondering if this is still worth it
Is 24 old? Also need some advice
Do I have a right to be upset? Or am I overreacting?
[F17] To be plan B
To be plan B
I (19M) have liked a girl (21F) for about 3 years now and I don’t know how to tell her without getting a sure rejection
Confronted my ex about him telling his ex-girlfriend he never loved me, and never wanted to have our children.
Broke a boundary with my girlfriend
Relationship communication strange
Is 24 old?
My (29F) BF (30M) planned nothing at all for my 30th birthday
[F17] Plan B
Plan B
Does age really matter?
[F17] Plan B
I (19M) have liked a girl (21F) for about 3 years now and I don’t know how to tell her without getting a certain rejection
Reconciling after a breakup
Plan B
My (30M) BF (30M) did nothing at all for my 30th birthday
I [23F] keep hurting my bf [23M] feelings
[UPDATE] I (26F) want to get married. Boyfriend (26M) wants to as well but admits he's procrastinating. It's contributing to the toll on my mental health.
[UPDATE] I (26F) want to get married. Boyfriend (26M) wants to as well but admits he's procrastinating. It's contributing to the toll on my mental health.
I [23F] keep hurting my BF [23M] feelings.
Should I [22F] continue getting to know someone [21F] who hardly ever seems to have time for me?
Single
Boundaries vs Stonewalling
Boundaries vs. Stonewalling.
Do I have a right to be upset when BF(23M) reacts to me(20F)
Parenting During Covid19 Pandemic
To those who have taken back or forgiven a significant other who cheated..
To those who have forgiven or taken back a significant other who cheated..
To those who have forgiven/taken back a significant other who cheated
How do I (21F) tell my racist family about my Muslim boyfriend (31M)?
Should I [28F] break up with my new boyfriend [29M] or am I jumping to conclusions on how the future will be?
My (F23) best friend (F26) won't stop getting wasted at social events
I’m hurt and I have chosen to let go
I’m hurt and chosen to let go
I (30s/f) don't know if I'm being selfish here with my fiance (30s/m)
To those who have forgiven/taken back a significant other who cheated...
I (31M) broke up with my gf (31F) of 10+ years last year and can't move on. How long did it take you to move on from a long relationship?
Boyfriend's [20M] height insecurities are getting to me [21F]
Boyfriend's [20M] height insecurities are getting to me [21F]
Am I overthinking or is my girlfriend (23F) losing interest in me (21F)?
Wanna really open up about sexual preferences (M29), afraid of the consequences with GF (F29), tips?
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) rarely texts me and leaves me on read for more than 15 hours, even though i've told him that texting is important to me. We also don't meet often.
Think I’m in love with with best friend
Am I overthinking this or is my girlfriend (23F) losing interest in me (21F)?
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) rarely texts me and leaves me on read for more than 15 hours, even though i've told him I would like to text more.
Wanna really open up about sexual preferences, afraid of the consequences, tips?
How to get rid of extreme feelings of someone
Do u tell others about an argument or you act like everything is ok?
My (33m) Girlfriend (32f) talked me through some insecurities that have been bugging me about her ex, but it has opened another can of worms.
My [27M] fiance [27F] aren't as intimate as I'd like and I don't know if she takes me seriously
Am(20F) not happy being in a relationship(with 20M) and really don’t wanna end one
Am(20F) not happy being in a relationship(with 20M) and really don’t wanna end one
Am not happy being in a relationship and really don’t wanna end one
Should I wait?
How do I (25F) not get upset when my boyfriend (29) talks to his baby momma?
my bf (25M) is talking and doing activities with his ex and lying to me (23F) about it. what do i do?
My mum and I are having problems and I don't know what to do
I'm having problems with my mum and I don't know what to do
Was he [27M] only interested in sex with me [23F]
My (F25) boyfriend (M25) lies about small things and I don't know what to do
I (30) don’t know how to handle my husband’s (33) “advice” anymore. Please let me know if I’m just overreacting.
How do I get over something that never happened?
Don’t know how to handle my husband’s “advice” anymore. Please let me know if I’m just overreacting.
How do I get over something that never happened?
How do I get over something that never happened?
8 signs that He is the one to marry - Husband material
Need advice. I think my bf(21) almost raped me(23) tonight.
My (22F) boyfriend (29M) thinks I have a problematic relationship with an older man (40M)
Help with suspected cheating/emotional affair
How can I get my (20M) boyfriend to actually cook?
I (M20) am concerned about some information i found out involving my partners(F22) female friend.
From men's perspective - who is a needy girl and how does a needy girl behave ?
I (24)F can’t stand my (26)M bf’s (22)F sister.
My (F25) boyfriend (M25) lies about small things and I don't know what to do
Relationshipsssss
Am I [M21] a rebound / second best to my s.o [F22] ex?
How do I (20M) deal with my partners (22F) Past relationship with a current friend?
I (24)F cannot stand my (26)M bf’s (22)F sister.
I [20m] think I accidentally fell in love with my [20f] 2nd cousin and I feel awful about it...
Am I [M21] a rebound / second best to my s.o [F22] ex?
I (35f) dislike my gfs best friend (45f)
I (35m) dislike my girlfriends bestfriend (f45)
I found out my husbands been cheating for months but I’m scared I’m too weak to leave
I'm (M25) seriously torn over current relationship and old flame
Am I never gonna compare to her ex ?
I dislike my gfs best friend.
I found out my husband has been cheating for months but I feel too weak and pathetic to leave
BF(21M) deliberately missed Valentines Day to hang out with friends?
The Love Of My Life Is Getting Married, How Can I Cope? (F/21, M/23)
(F50) My paranoid mom is making me (F19) question my childhood
Annoying friend trying to tag along on holidays...
me (20m) and ex gf (21f) split up weirdly and i don’t know if how i feel after is okay
How do I learn to trust her again?
Student and Band Teacher
Annoying friend trying to tag along on holidays...?
Are fukkbois born or made?
How many people do you talk to everyday in your Insta DMs?
me (20m) and my now ex gf (21f) split up weirdly and i don’t know how to feel
Are fukkbois born or created?
[16M] My [39] stepdad tells my mom [35] what clothes to wear in it’s disturbing
My boyfriend makes me shower every night once I’m off because of where I work.
How do I learn to trust her again?
Kamen rider decade
My (29F) GF is late and doesn't even let me know.
Travelling without my boyfriend (am I in the wrong?)
How do I learn to trust her again?
What should I [20M] do when I still love my ex-girlfriend?
My (32F) boyfriend (32M) of 3 years is extremely self critical and it’s driving me crazy. How can we resolve this?
How do you break up a long term relationship?
How can I move on when I'm still in love with you.
Is there any hope to get my ex back?
My F[26] new Bf [33] ex [29] has way too much power over him and literally drives him crazy and I’m not sure what to make of it
I don't want to date someone but they keep forcing it upon me, what can I do?
Me [21F] and my partner [22M] have been together for 5 years. We took a break 8 months ago and havent gotten back together but we still have sex.
Me (26M) allowed my wife (23F) to sleep with a friends girlfriend while me and the friend played video games.
Looking for a man I can call mine with range of age 30-45years
Sexual turned off by male friend Rant
My [23F] girlfriend wants to move in with me because she lives in an abusive household and has nowhere to go but I [23M] don't think I'm ready. Please help, I don't know what to do
My [23F] girlfriend wants to move in with me because she lives in an abusive household and has nowhere to go but I [23M] don't think I'm ready
Is it justified to feel uneasy in that situation?
moving in
My (30f) friend (30f) says I attracted moms death
Friend says I law of attracted my moms death
I (M28) love my wife (F27) but I don't think I am in love with her and not sure if I ever was.
My social media obsessed BF never likes my photos
Moving In
Should I (27F) forgive my friend (31M) for lying about his marital status?
I’ve been single for a little over three weeks and I’m miserable
my (23) boyfriend (21m) has been acting strange
how do I unplug from social media and my phone if it’s my only source of information and communication
AITA - Should I forgive him and continue to be friends?
how do I unplug from social media and my phone if it’s my only source of information and communication
how do I unplug from social media and my phone if it’s my only source of information and communication
Me (26M) allowed my wife (23F) to sleep with a friends girlfriend while me and the friend played video games.
How much housework should I be doing
My (24F) Bf (34M) doesn’t want to have a baby because I’m not white
Am I being unreasonable? Is this normal? (Honest answers only)
My boyfriend (23M) doesn't seem to give his all into our relationship because he thought "we haven't even gotten married". What should I (23F) do?
My ex unfollowed me on social media
My (22M) and FWB (20F) got messed up because of the pandemic
I(M18) paid for an only fans once from someone I knew
She (F 19) blocked me (M 19)
She (F 19) blocked me (M 18)
Am I being unreasonable? (Honest answers)
My (22M) and FWB (20F) are at a crossroads...I think
My parents verbally harassed me to get married to my boyfriend on a daily. I gave him an ultimatum. What should I do next?
She blocked me
BF (20M) cheated on me (20F) early on in relationship, just found our
Am i doin sum wrong?
BF (20M) cheated on me (20F) early on in relationship
What To Do
My brother is drain. Emotionally, financially.
My girlfriend won’t climax
What To Do
I(M18) paid for an only fans of someone I knew. Not friends we don’t even talk but I know of them. I feel so guilty
I (17M) want to help my LDR girlfriend (16) get away from her abusive father, but I don't know how.
My good friend (30F) confessed to me (25M), I responded like this, is it right?
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) left for AIT for the army, I don’t think our relationship will survive the distance but he does. How do I deal with this?
Arguments over BLM/Racism led to me (22M) and my GF (21F) breaking up
I (17M) want to help my LDR girlfriend (16) get away from her abusive father, but I don't know how.
I’m scared of losing someone that feels like they don’t care anymore
My BF's (18M) family is toxic as heck but I don’t know what to do about it???
My boyfriend left for AIT for the army. I don’t think our relationship can survive being apart for 3 months but he does. What do I do?
Ex (24F) wants me (23M) back...but had to sleep with another guy to realise it
I feel like I’m (F18) losing him (M18) I’m usually not scared of losing someone but I am now
Ex wants me back...but had to sleep with another guy to realise.
Am i (18F) wrong for wanting my partner (20M) to text me a heads up before disappearing for hours on end?
Girlfriend (F19) avoids topic regarding her new guy friend whenever I (M21) bring it up
Am i wrong for wanting my partner to text me an update before he disappears for hours?
I don’t know what to do
When A Guy Compliments On Social Media Do You Reply Back and Say Thank You?
I (M25) have been in love with my best friends sister (F22) for six years and I can't move on.
When Guys Compliment You On Social Media Do You Say Thank You When You’re In A Relationship?
Is it possible to run ouf of love?
I (M28) still work with my ex (F32) I cheated on.. HELP
Should I (24F) come clean to my partner (24m) about drunkenly kissing my friend?
I (M28) cheated on my ex (F32) and am struggling to overcome the self-hatred and guilt
My boyfriend is stressed and keeps putting off his assignments
I think that my (28f) soon to be ex husband (29m) is dealing drugs
My [M 30] relationship with my girlfriend [30 F] is turning sexless after moving in
i (18F) tried giving ex (19M) (4yr) closure he asked for but he completely gaslighted me and pretended as if he hadn’t asked for it
Ex wants to hang out 😬
My (F/19) boyfriend (M/19) said something concerning during a fight of ours. Should I remember this/is it really that bad?
Questionable Boyfriend
My (40f) partner (47m) is very immature with his daughter (15f) from his previous marriage.
UPDATE: Today is the day I found out about my ex is with someone else and I am trying to accept it
I (28M) may have lost the girl (22F) I love because of past mistakes, lack of effort, & complacency. She's asked for space ... What do I do?
UPDATE - Today is the day I[28M] found out about my ex[29F] is with someone else and I am trying to accept it
My boyfriend's friend is allegedly a rapist
My boyfriend's friend is allegedly a rapist
Guys will like me, but as soon as they get to know me decide they'd rather be friends, can't figure out the problem
Dating my cross-sibling.
My boyfriend's friend is allegedly a rapist
Tell your S/O goodnight every night it always makes them feel loved
Long time gf doesn’t like taking about possibilities of life
My girlfriend (23F) and I (23M) are taking a break after dating for 4 years. I'm not used to not talking to her 24/7.
UPDATE - Today is the day I found out about my ex is with someone else and I am trying to accept it
Today is the day I found out about my ex is with someone else and I think I have my closure. I am trying to accept it and move on
My partner is gone half the week
How do I [17M] DM this girl [17F] on snap? Please read description
Today is the day I found out about my ex is with someone else and I think I have my closure. I am trying to accept it and move on
Im not sure if my bf is abusing me.
I’m worried that I am being abused but I’m not entirely sure.
Partner gone half the week
How do I (19/F) maintain a relationship with my father (50/M) after my mother (49/F) suddenly leaves him?
I feel horrible but I'm so upset. I don't know if I am being awful or if my feelings are normal
i think i was sexually abused by my ex ... he didn't want me to move on
My (F24) boyfriend (M28) said he only lives for the moment when asked if he thinks our relationships is serious. (We are together simve half a year)
The resentment is building. Help
Boyfriend of 2 years cheated on me at beginning of relationship, what do I do
How do I (19/F) maintain a relationship with my father (50/M) after my mother (49/MF) suddenly leaves him?
just a little lost
I have recently started talking to a guy with autism who I really like. Are there any guys on the spectrum that can give me advice on what it's like dating someone with AS?
My (22F) SO (29M) thinks I have a problematic relationship with an older man.
How to Get Past a Casual Breakup, Two Years Later
Getting Past a Failed Casual Relationship, Two Years On
Im confused. Is 👉🏼🥺👈🏼 considered flirting?? Or can it be friendly as well?
Inconsideration?
Inconsideration?
Advice needed. Gaslighting in my (22M) marriage. *Long but weighing heavy on me in my relationship with wife (25F) thank you!
Fiancé told his friend personal information that he didn’t tell me
I [22M] scrambled thoughts about girl I've been seeing for a few months [22F]
Think I’m in love with my best friend
Fiancé told his friend personal information about his past that he has never told me
Think I’m in love with my best friend
just a little lost
I (23f) no longer feel like a priority in my partner’s (33m) life and feel like a placeholder until something better comes his way
I think I’m in love with my best friend
I need advice on this and I would greatly appreciate help
Inconsideration
What is a happy, healthy relationships supposed to be like?
My (39F) husband (41M) got kidnapped, got the shit kicked out of him, and was dumped on the side of the road. He refuses to admit he has PTSD from the incident, he even lied to me about it, and I am not sure if I should 'push' him to open up about it... or let him be.
I have been told I'm a "great girl" but for some reason, all the people I meet seem not to be ready for a relationship. If it is/was true for you too, what helped you meet the right people?
I (22M) had a really good friend (21F) just end the friendship. I want to send a message after having closure on my end of the relationship. Is this a good idea?
Can’t stop obsessing over someone else (I’m in a relationship and he is too) I’m sure he wants nothing to do w me, but I can’t stop how I am feeling
Me (30F) and my ex (35M) have completely different memories of our past relationship
Is it wrong of me (18M) to be really anxious and kind of upset when my gf (18F) hangs out with her friend who is a really shitty person
Man (33/m) that I (35/f) am dating doesn't use his tongue when we kiss, at all, and I'm disappointed
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] was just proposed to by her ex [21M]. She said no but I believe she may still be in love with him. How should I proceed?
I feel like my (22f) mom (54F) cares about her boyfriends more than me.
Man (33/m) that I (35/f) am dating doesn't use his tongue when we kiss, at all
Am I buggin? (22/M) my girlfriend (19/F) hangs out with people who don’t like me.
I feel like my (22f) mom (54F) cares about her boyfriends more than me.
Person (33m) I (35f) am seeing doesn't use any tongue while kissing
How do I(18m) ask people do things over text?
My boyfriend (31M) has been calling me (28F) fat.
I have been told I'm a "great girl" but for some reason, all the people I meet seem not to be ready for a relationship. If it is/was true for you too, what helped you meet the right people?
My (39F) husband (41M) got kidnapped, got the shit kicked out of him, and was dumped on the side of the road. He refuses to admit he has PTSD from the incident, he even lied to me about it, and I am not sure if I should 'push' him to open up about it... or let him be.
Am I (22/M) crazy for being upset at my girlfriend (19/F) for hanging out with people that do not like me?
My boyfriend (31M) keeps telling me (28M) that I’m fat.
Auto immune disorder or Syphilis and what this means for my relationship
Autoimmune disorder or an STD, how do I navigate this talk with my BF?
My partner and I are in a weird patch
I (22M) had a really good friend (21F) just end the friendship. I want to send a message after having closure on my end of the relationship. Is this a good idea?
My boyfriend (31M) keeps telling me (28F) that I’m fat and need to exercise.
Am I buggin? F (19), M (22). Relationship of a year
Am I buggin? Help..
Am I [30/M] a manipulative person to my family and friends?
Should I travel down 9hrs to apologize to my ex?
Am I buggin? Help me understand.
My Mum died and I can't relate to my dad
Wife (29F) doesn't like me (30M) spending money on sex partners (Open marriage)
Dating an Introvert (F/38) (M/39)
Should I(18M) start online dating now?
New to relationships...
How do you date someone diametrically opposed to you?
New to relationships...
I (29F) think I’ve found a possible friend in the local bakery owner (unknown F). Need some help in starting a friendship.
Do you ever feel like you don’t have feelings for your partner?
Dating an Introvert
Help?!
Should I(18M) do online dating now?
My brother and I (20M) live in our brothers (36M) cottage. Brother (20M) through a tantrum last night about not wanting our newphew (5M) at the dinner table because he's sick. Brother (36M) told him to pack his shit and be out by the end of the week.
My GF's best friend is a guy she has slept with in the past.
Loneliness and obsession
Just started dating my GF and her best male friend is someone shes slept with in the past.
My (23f) boyfriend (21m) insists on staying friends with someone who kept harassing me for almost a year.
My (23f) boyfriend (21m) keeps insisting on being friends with a "friend" who harassed me for almost a year.
I’m no longer talking to my best (lowkey only) friend, and I’m okay with it
The nightmares after a heartbreak.
I’m no longer talking to my best, and pretty much only friend. And I’m okay with it.
I (22F) feel like I have control issues & don’t think my boyfriend (26M) understands where I’m coming from. We’ve been dating over four years.
WTF IS THIS FEELING
My (f45) inlaws (80s m/f) moved in bc covid. I resent my spouse’s siblings.
Am I (22F) wrong for getting uncomfortable and dumping my boyfriend (37M) when he told me he was a virgin?
My mother (49F) denies/doesn’t remember ever abusing me (18F)
Is this something we can come back from? I made a really big mistake, and feel like I hate myself
my(24F) husband (28M) treated me badly in bed
Found out my boyfriend was a virgin and got uncomfortable and dumped him. Am I wrong?
Boyfriend messaging other girls on Instagram, I need advice on how to approach the situation
My mother (49F) denies/claims to have ever abused me (18F)
My(24F) husband (28M) doesn't see how he hurt me.
TL;DR caught boyfriend messaging other girls on Instagram, asked one of them to hang out. Conversations otherwise seem mostly harmless, but we’re going to be living two hours apart this summer for the first time in our year long relationship so I’m feeling very worried and insecure
speaking from my <3 +help
my boyfriend died, now what?
my boyfriend(26M) sent me(22) a profile of an IG model saying she has an awesome butt. It made me feel really bad but apparently when I seeked advice most guys told me it’s normal, so please I really need a male point of view because the way I see it it was a huge disrespect for me ?
I told my husband to go fuck a "hooker"
Do ugly people find other ugly people attractive?
Does a 27F having sex on the first date ruin a chance of a possible relationship with a 27M?
Ex(F) keeps ghosting me(M) on arguably unimportant agreements
My girlfriend wants to wait until marriage to have sex but...
Did I do the right thing to say goodbye?
Did I ruin my first date?
Can sex on the first date lead to a relationship or hurt the chances?
Feelings + help
TerribleTwos?
5 year FWB relationship leading to something more?
Cop boyfriend (37M) has problems with my (30F) social media - am I wrong that I don't want to comply?
I don't feel loved.
Did sex on the first date ruin possible chances of a relationship?
My girlfriend (21) imagines me (20) as a dashing knight while I play something else entirely
I think my husband’s best friend (M28) is in love with me (F28). What do I do?
I feel un-loved
My mom (50sF) thinks its weird that I (16F) dont like being touched by my family
Cop boyfriend (37M) has problems with my (30F) social media - help?
Lost
I think my husband’s best friend is in love with me! What do I do?
My mom (50sF) thinks its weird that I (16F) don’t like being touched by her/my family
We atleast had Crossbreed.
Saw my boyfriend (34M) get mad for the first time and it scared me (30F) - does this warrant a talk?
My (23f) boyfriend’s (35m) mother dislikes me and he will not address it with her. How can I encourage him to do so?
Is it weird that I (16F) dont like being touched by my family?
Am I(25f) in the wrong here (28m)?
Is it weird I dont like being touched by my family?
How can I (21m) move forward with my crush?
Two of our friends left our friendship. I'm scared it's my fault and I don't know whether to reach out.
I think my husband’s best friend likes me
Can high school sweethearts last?
TerribleTwosInMarriage?
This guy(M26) sent me(22F) a picture of an ig model saying she has a cute butt ?
What are some text to send my boyfriend to make him want me more?
This guys I’m dating sent me a picture of a another girl saying she has a cute butt. Idk how to feel about it?
Was I (23 f) over reacting about my fwb (26 m) playfully pushing me?
27F casually seeing 28M for 5 months but feeling jealous and unsure if I want something more serious
Two of my friends left my friendship group and I don't know what to do.
My (32M) wife (25F) has fallen in love with someone at her work
Was I (23 f) over reacting about my fwb (26 m) playfully pushing me?
How can I (19F) ask a coworker to hang out?
My (32M) wife (25F) has fallen in love with someone at her work
25F couldn’t pick up on cues from 25M . Need advice on bettering said skill
I (16F) feel like I’m getting mixed signals from my friend (16F)
25F couldn’t pick on cues from 25M. Advice on bettering said skill
I (22F) feel crazy about control issues & don’t know how to handle my anxiety, I feel like I have been suffering from trauma that I have not accepted. I have been dating my boyfriend for over 4 years (26M).
Dad (69m) displays a range of unkind/abusive/childish behaviors toward mom (63f). What can I (27nb, only child) do about it?
Can’t pick on cues
I would like advice on moving forward with crush
Please help me (F21) be a better sister & communicator to my younger sister (F19)
Dad (69m) displays a range of unkind/abusive/childish behaviors toward mom (63f). What can I (27nb, only child) do about it?
I [M16] recently got out of a toxic friendship, tried to end things off well but she [F16] is still upset.
Is my behavior normal in a relationship?
My (19) roommate (18) red flags??
I (21F) took on so much more than I think I can cope with.
Why Did I Say That?
Am I (28f) being selfish to boyfriend (27m) about using my car?
why does my (20f) boyfriend (20m) not want to have an actual conversation w me anymore?
21 Male - Is she playing hard to get?
She [24F] says I [25M] messed up, what now?
21 Male - Is she playing hard to get?
[29m] going through a difficult break up with [19f]
I (22f) feel like me and my boyfriend (25m) are getting stuck in our relationship, how do I make things exciting again?
I just messed up, I need help
Does he like me ?? Should I do something ? please help me I need advice from you guys I feel like the stupid lead of a teen movie
Virgin [23M] wants to know how to be normal
(18M) Relationship with (17F) very difficult and i’m debating ending it.
how do you know you’ve met the one?
(18M) Relationship with (17F) very difficult and debating ending
I (18f) am very insecure about my relationship with my bf (19m)
I (21M) had a horrible fight with my sister (26F) and my step dad (60M). It turned very violent. I don’t know what to do anymore?
I think my bf cheated but I don’t have hard proof
I think my bf cheated but I don’t have hard proof
How can I be smart about this?
Still nothing and approaching 20yrs
28 (f) tired of being with all the wrong people, but what should I do?
Dilemma: to call or not to call
Potential connection between me [24F] and total stranger [24?M]
Someone sent a weird email to my friend’s school about him, he thinks I’m responsible
Need support after being ghosted by guy/please share any advice for how to get out of this hole
How do I get over the fact that I (37 F) will most likely die alone?
Is it okay to feel uneasy in that situation?
Is it okay to feel uneasy in that situation?
I (17F) broke up with my bf (17M) and I don’t know if I made the right choice. Also am I being selfish??
My bestfriend got an abortion and I got pregnant a month later. Our friendship ended and she has reached out to me a year later.
How much would you worry about your spouses health before it turned to anger over them not seeming to care about themselves/the relationship/you?
F(28) blaming myself for this
Need support after being ghosted by guy/please share any advice for how to get out of this hole
I (17F) broke up with my boyfriend(18M) and I don’t know if I did the right thing
Married Man requests Instagram account of a Women in a relationship
Started as friends and he just stopped talking to me
I [F 27] got Horny and terribly missing my ex[M 36]. We broke up 2 days ago. Is this normal?
Married couple (M/35, F/29) seek two therapist model
My friend (25F) ghosted me (26F) and I can't accept it and move on. Do you have tips?
Self esteem relationship
M/35 and F/29 married 7 years, seek dual therapist model. What is this called/how to find?
Is it normal to lose passion early in my [f/26] relationship with [29/m]?
Someone sent weird emails to my friend’s school about him, he thinks I’m responsible
Couples therapy featuring two therapists -- is this a thing?
I [22M] lied to my gf [20F] of 10 months about my past. Looking for advice
Is doubt always a part of a relationship?
I don’t know what to do
How can I (F29) explain to my partner (M31) that making all the decisions all the time is exhausting?
Self esteem in relationship
How do you explain to your partner that making all the decisions all the time is exhausting?
I’m (23m) not over someone after 9 months. We were just friends. What do I do from here?
Is my (21f) boyfriend (22m) manipulative?
I [22M] really hurt my gf [20F]. Looking for advice
I [27f] think a lot of my emotional difficulties stem from my mom [60f] not letting me cry as a child
[30F] I'm in an interracial relationship and having issues confronting [29M] SO's family's racist behavior
Debating Whether to Email my(F26) Mother(F49) Back
Me (25,F) best friend (27, M) isnt talking to me because i guilt tripped him
BF can’t stop arguing about politics on social media
Bored after 2 months of dating
Me (age 25, F) best friend (age 26, M) is mad at me for guilt tripping him
I (21F) can't stand my fiance's (28M) family and I'm thinking on breaking up the engagement because of them
BF can’t stop arguing politics over social media
I'm [26M]kinda emotionally inept, and I need a reason to care about my wife's [24] feelings, above facts.
How can I work out the future of my relationship?
Trouble with girlfriends daughter (6)
I'm (26/F) very worried about my sister (22/F) who is becoming increasingly reclusive. She is too ashamed of herself to socialize.
My boyfriend admitted to two *big* lies and I don't know what to do now
My girlfriend makes me feel like I’m not good enough but she can’t help it because of her mental health issues.
COVID is putting strain on my long-distance relationship
My girlfriend has low self esteem, anxiety and complains a lot. And its making me feel like I’m not good enough
Covid is putting a strain on my long-distance relationship
Boyfriend [35 M] Looks Up Exes And Other Women On Facebook
How do I leave my relationship when my partner emotionally depends on me?
Boyfriend [35 M] Looking Up Exes And Other Women On Facebook
I (22F) love my boyfriend (20M), but how to I address our glaring incompatibilities?
My (31M) wife (34F) of 2 years is adamant about sleeping with black men due to systematic racism
Boyfriend's (M29) relentless scratching is driving me (F31) mad
Bored after 2 months of dating
Is my relationship toxic? Am i being used?
My [16M] gf [15F] broke up with me to work on herself
F20 with BPD wants relationship advice
First Post
Trying to make sense of what my bf and society tells me
Is she still interested in me?
My (teen f) friend (teen m) won't open up to me to "see what happens"
Trying to make sense of what society and my bf tell me about keeping him because he's a good guy
I (21) moved to Germany to be with my cheating abusive bf (21)
My (21F) boyfriend (37M) have it pretty good. There are some issues though.
My (21F) boyfriend (37M) have it pretty good. The age gap is concerning though.
My (32F) husband (34M) and I were 5 months into marriage counseling following a separation when he revealed that he had spent half our marriage having sexual fantasies about my sister
Should I, a white christian [21M] break up with my arab muslim [21F] girlfriend?
[23F/26M] Was this an ending? Have I messed this up?
Is my relationship toxic? Am i being used?
GF [24F] of 1.5 years is mad I [29M] still want a leg tattoo I said I wanted when we started dating
Dad [60m] wants me [20m] to cut my hair
I moved thousands of miles away to be with an abusive cheater.
GF [24F] of 1.5 years is mad I [29M] still want a leg tattoo I said I wanted when we started dating
[22F/25M] Was this an ending? Have I messed this up?
Boyfriend (19M) feels like he's constantly sad and dependent on me (19F), what to do?
Should I, a white christian [21M], break up with my arab muslim [21F] girlfriend?
Dad [65m] wants me [20m] to cut my hair
Wife (29F) doesn't like me (30M) spending money on sex partners (Open marriage)
I'm (26/F) really worried about my sister (22/F) who is becoming increasingly reclusive and self loathing. She refuses to socialize because she's so ashamed of herself.
Communication issues with my (28M) boyfriend (32M)
My (18M) father (44M) expects a relationship after abusing me since I was 13
How do I (22F) get my landlords (50ish M/F) to stop slamming their front door??
Me (f25) met a secure (m26) but it feels wrong....
Should I message her?
Thoughts on what I’ve never told my parents
My partner (M, 27) is always lecturing me (F, 26) on finances and disapproves of the car I should get.
My (teen f) friend (teen m) refuses to open up to me "to see what happens"
My (21F) Mother in law (55F) is taking over my life and my boyfriend (24M) is letting her.
My (21F) boyfriend (37M) have it good, but will it last?
New love interest her (21f) and me (30m) and trying to be open and honest about everything.
My [23F] relationship with my mother [41F] is getting increasingly strained, and I'm worried that it's my fault. What do I do?
New love interest her (21f) and me (30m) trying to be honest about everything.
Should I message her?
Me (30M) Leaving behind old friend (33M) due to differences
Sort of an embarrassing question
Girlfriend (20) threatened to breakup with me M(19) then changed her mind
My [32 M] father [68 M] is getting increasingly into right-wing extremism and consipiracy theories, and i feel like i'm losing him
How do I help a scared, probably abused (21F) friend feel safe and comfortable in my (34M) spare bedroom?
I (23M) dont understand relationship with my ex (26M) that I’m seeing.
How do I help a scared, probably abused (21F) friend feel safe and comfortable in my (34M) spare bedroom?
Me (30M) Leaving behind old friend (33M) due to differences
Is it immature of me to ask my friend (26F) why she usually contacts our mutual friend (24F) a lot more than she does me (26F) despite me having known her much longer? I just want to know if I've made myself seem unapproachable in some way
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) spends most of his waking hours playing games
My girlfriend F(20) threatened to breakup with me M(19)
My (18F) sister (16F) "borrowed" a dress that was really special to me and I just found out about it. She also took my jewelry. I had a fight with her and she is being horribly childish now. What the hell am I supposed to do?
I (20F) might be losing my mind. Am I the only one who experiences this?
Girlfriend (24F) abruptly moved out after I (27M) called her out for some manipulative behavior. Tried counseling, but she won't talk to me outside of it. How do I end things and get my stuff back?
I (M32) have only have had fewer dates than I have fingers on my hand and only one "serious" relationship. I am already exhausted and frustrated by the whole process.
I (F22) no longer talk to my boyfriend (M22) about my breakdowns about his cheating story — AND IT MAKES ME SICK.
Boyfriend (23) too embarrassed to introduce me (21) to his friends?
My girlfriend [20] threatened to break up with me M[19] then changed her mind
Sisterwives/ Co wifes
My [23F] boyfriend [22M] is moving away and wants to continue the relationship
I gave my bf a blow job and then swallowed even though he didn't want me to. Is classified as rape?
Girlfriend threatened to breakup with me today
Are my cousin's BFs comments about children strange/alarming? 'Baby-making machine'
Is my cousin's boyfriend's behavior strange/alarming? 'Baby-making machine'
I (29F) injured my cervix and can't have sex for 4-6 weeks. What are some non sexual ways I can bond physically with my SO (M28)?
Is it okay for an 18F (almost 19) to date a 27M?
I (22,F) cheated on my boyfriend (24,M) with my ex boyfriend (23,M)
I just don’t know what I’m feeling or thinking
Bf (24) is always blaming me and playing the victim. Need advice
My (25f) friendships are disappointing
What should I do about the post breakup friend group situation?
I can’t stop thinking about my Ex
I [28F] am pregnant by my best friend’s [41F] son [18M]. How do I even break the news to her?
I(22F) cheated on my boyfriend (24M) with my ex boyfriend
my best friend is being abused and i don’t know what to do about it
What should I do about the awkward situation with my crush?
Is it wrong to not care about your family, who has consistently demotivated you all your life.
I (20F) might be losing my mind. Am I the only one who experiences this?
What should I do about the awkward situation with my crush?
Me (25F) and my SO (29M) are in a long distance relationship, how do I bring up the topic of moving in together and should I or am I rushing it?
Post Relationship Friend Group Trouble
How long into your relationship did you start talking about engagement?
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
My fiance (F26) wants a "sex pass" from me (M26) until the day we official get married
How long into your relationship did you start talking about marriage?
I (F24) just found out my best friend (M23) has been in love with me for years and feel very conflicted about the entire relationship now - what should I do?
How much do you usually spend on your SO for gift anniversaries?
How much do you usually spend on your SO for gift anniversaries?
Bf (24) is always blaming me for things going wrong and playing the victim. Need advice
If you were a toxic ex, how did you get through your breakup knowing that you were turning toxic/emotionally abusive by staying in the relationship, but you still love the other person?
I'm (22F) concerned about how current relationship with s/o (22M) and future relationships will be affected by my past relationships and mental health.
Giving the Silent Treatment
Moral dilemma about boyfriends past....
I (19F) unknowingly ate some really expensive fruit at a friend's house; she now demands that I pay her back a large sum of money
If you were a toxic ex, how did you get through your breakup knowing that you were turning toxic/emotionally abusive by staying in the relationship, but you still love the other person?
Moral dilemma about boyfriends past....
My (21F) boss (48M) lied to my coworkers and told them I didn’t want to be on the schedule.
Bf(24) is always playing victim so everything is always my fault
I (21 M) think I like my friend (18 F) but theres alot going on.
My (23M) girlfriend (21F) still has pictures of her ex boyfriend on Instagram
I (25M) love my girlfriend (24F), and she's friends with a girl I just found out I took advantage of in the past
My (23M) girlfriend (21F) still has pictures of her ex boyfriend on her Instagram account
For all the people with a non-karmic relationship (and > 8 years in relationship)
How do I [18F] get my brother [16M] to take accountability for his actions?
My girlfriend keeps growing and I hate it
Is my boyfriend lying about his calls? TL;DR at bottom
How do I get my brother to take accountability for his actions?
How to catch a cheater
Is my boyfriend lying about his calls?
My (23M) girlfriend (21F) of 2 months still has pictures of her ex boyfriend on Instagram
BLM different opinions in a relationship
I [22/M] am terrified of my ex [20/F] not ever letting me go
Estranged brother is becoming a dad and therefore I am going to be an Aunty...
Is my S/o lying about his IPhone?
I think my (30M) friend (30M) ghosted me. Should I press him or just let it be?
Constant anxiety of my ex never letting go of me
I (23F) am an amateur burlesque dancer with a social media account. I’m worried this will hurt my boyfriend (25m) in the long run.
I (F24) just found out my best friend (M23) has been in love with me for years and feel very conflicted about the entire relationship now - what should I do?
Am I in the wrong for not telling my ex that I talked to someone else during our breakup?
Found out my estranged brother is becoming a dad and therefore I am going to be an aunt
Am I overthinking? Or are my gut feelings telling me otherwise?
Found out I’m temporarily going overseas for a job, BF seems to be making other plans while I’m gone...
I (29F) am in love with my friend (35M) who returns my affection, but I know he is a bad choice and I don't know what to do with my feelings
Fight or flight
Meeting the mother after 3 years??
Mom (50f) wants me(20f) to date multiple men when I'm already in a relationship.
Why doesn’t my (33f) bff fb (32m) want to date me?
Is he (29m) stringing me (28f) along?
Update: My (24f) boyfriend (32m) has faked the existance of a common friend
Mom (50f) keeps trying to make me(20f) date multiple guys at once while I'm in a relationship.
I feel really bad that my sister is taking care of me while I'm sick. What can I do to repay her?
[27F] My girlfriend [44F] wants me to be involved/knowledgeable about her career field.
Why doesn’t my (f33) bff fb (m32) want to date me?
Is my birthday not MY day?
I (29F) am in love with my friend (35M) of 2 years, who returns my feelings, but I know he is a bad choice in the long run and I don't know what to do with my feelings
Meeting the mother after 3 years?
Should I (F22) tell him (M23) I doubt us ?
I (F29) have injured my cervix and won't be able to have sex for the next 6 weeks. What physical activities can I do, that aren't sexual, to bond physically with my SO (M28)?
(F23) broke up with bf (m26) of 8 years 3 weeks ago. Is it too soon to see other people?
My (17F) hyper-religious uncle (50F) says mom not being a Good Christian Wife is why parents divorced
(F23)Broke up with boyfriend (m26) of 8 years 3 weeks ago and want to sleep with other people
“I love you”
Need Advice - I (18), haven't talked to my Crush (19), in ten months.
Me (21M) is in constant fear of messing up with my GF (20F)
I (m24) want to stop hanging out with a toxic 'friend' (m20) of mine, but we share a friend group.
Being a dad at 21
I (22F) am seeing a coworker (27M) but he doesn't want any commitment. But now I think he may be acting out of jealousy in our job but I'm not sure
My (17F) hyper-religious uncle (50F) said it’s my mom’s fault my dad divorced, and I‘m disgusted
Am I missing something here? Could my wife be a lesbian?
My parents (54F / 55M) is letting my (17F) bf (18M) stay with us until he gets back on his feet. My sister (26F) is FURIOUS and is no longer on speaking terms with us. ESH but I would like to know how to fix this situation?
Feeling super sad about how my husband doesn’t care about my preferences in bed
I [39M] have recently started seeing someone [32F] that I find absolutely fantastic in every way but one... her (seemingly temporary) weight.
Am I missing something here? Is my wife a lesbian?
Me [20F] and my friends [20F/20F/20F] had a falling out about housing and now the group is split up
How do you make friends in a new city when you’re part of an introvert-extrovert couple?
My [26M] roommate [27M] is angry with me that I'm getting unemployment benefits and he has to work
Does he like me or am i overthinking things?
Husband doesn't seen to care
I (19F) just figured out my mom (40~F) hates me
My [26M] roommate [27M] is angry with me that I'm getting unemployment benefits and he has to work
Mom (59F) hasn't gotten over divorce and can't be spoken to about it
Does he like me or is he just bored?
I (32M) feel like I am a doormat - but I feel like I'm not the one causing trouble in my relationship with my girlfriend of 4 years (28F).
I think my mom hates me
Husband doesnt seem to care
My (18F) boyfriend (20M) suffers from clinical depression and anger issues, i want to learn how to understand him better.
I (21F) can't get over losing my friend and crush (21M)
I (19F) love my dad (49M), but he constantly eats my food.
Huband doesnt seem to care
I (m22) have been in a committed 4.5 year long relationship (f21) but suddenly have feelings to date other people and I have a crush on a co-worker... I hate it. What do I do???
I need help to leave my boyfriend, a "mom's boy"
how to file a restraining order against your ex when you’re both minors?
Father at 21
Ex-Bf (23 M) of 4 yrs is Gaslighting me (20 F) after I apologized for something that happened in December ?
I'm wishing a parent dead and gone in favour of the other. And I'm wracked with guilt
I [21f] am in love with my boyfriend [26m] and it feels scary. He wants to move out of state with me to live close to my family, which is amazing! But I’m TERRIFIED.
Is my ex gaslighting me to be manipulative or just being a jerk?
NONSTOP Sex Dreams??? Help?
I need help in my relationship
Leaving a crappy relationship and job, hopefully this week.
I'm starting to hate a parent and wish them dead. And it's causing internal conflict between my own guilt and my loyalty to family. Anxious AF
Fake
how to file a restraining order against your ex when both of you are minors?
She (24F) seems to be distancing herself from me (27M) after a great first date almost a month ago, but I'm not entirely sure. Do you think she's distancing herself, and what (if anything) should I do?
Help! I need advise.for dealing with my FIL (60ish/m)
Husband hasnt checked to see if im okay after argument
I (28, f) feel like boyfriend (30,m) of 4 years values personal achievements over me.
How can you tell if your partner (or yourself) has ADHD? What are some not so obvious but prevalent signs?
I need to know if this is a bec issue with my FIL (60ish /m). If it is, I (34/f) would like advise on what I can do to mot strain or damage the relationship.
He's [32M] still 'exploring' aka active on dating apps after a month of dating me [26F]. Is that normal or should I end it?
How can you tell if your partner (or yourself) has ADHD? What are some not so obvious but prevalent signs?
Guy never told me he had a GF
[f23] dating girls in a non accepting society
I [28, f] feel like boyfriend [30,m] values personal success over me.
I (22F) was excluded from vacation with boyfriend (25M) and mutual friends.
Girlfriend is obsessed with my ex
Trying to help my girlfriend
I (22F) was excluded from vacation with boyfriend (25M) and mutual friends.
Does this sound like he(27m) is losing interest in me (27f)?
I (25M) am afraid of my BFF (20F) getting a boyfriend and i end up getting replaced
How do you ask a guy what his boundaries are when it comes to FWB?
I (25M) am afraid of my BFF (20F) getting a boyfriend and i end up getting replaced
I [f, 26] lied to my [m, 32] boyfriend of 4 months about my age, and some other things
I (19) stopped talking to my mean friend (19), but they still ask to hangout. How do I get rid of them for good?
I cut contact with my (m/24) ex (f/23) of 7 years and I feel terrible and anxious. How can I move on?
I (28F) want to break up with my boyfriend (28F) of 3.5 who I was previously convinced I wanted to marry and I'm scared of what it means for the future.
My (29f) SO (41m) is trying to control what I wear
Friend(20) broke contact after everything (21)
My [23M] Girlfriend [21F] of 3 Years Wants to Hookup with Her Ex
I (18M) think I might have feelings for a close friend (17F) however I'm in a stable relationship with my girlfriend (18F)
Friend(20)broke contact after everything (21)
I cut all contact with my(m/24) ex(f/23) of 7 years and now feel terrible and stupidly anxious. How can I move on?
Friend(20) doesnt want to talk to me(21)
Is my partner (19M) toxic? He almost cheated on me (18F), gets easily aggressive, doesn't take me the way I am, loses interest in me
Mentally ill sister (30f) applying for live-in nanny positions with children after released from psych ward. Help..
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Mentally ill sister-in-law(32f) applying for nanny jobs, I’m concerned but should I intervene?
My (58M) girlfriend (18F) is not talking to me
My (F21) date (M23) acted rude and arrogant, should I continue dating him?
How can i (22f) get my ex (28m) to move out of the house?
How can I (22f) get my ex (28m) to love out of the house?
How can I get my ex to move out?
I stopped talking to my mean friend, but they keep asking me to hangout with them. How do I get rid of them for good?
How to handle a possible forced friendship
I found out that my recent ex has been trying to win back their ex🙃
How to handle a possible forced friendship
Can't understand if she wants to be friends or not
what if i was in low contact for a few months after the breakup and now have started no contact 2 months after the breakup? am i too late ?
Dad [45m] clearly likes our neighbor [30s f]. Is there I [16f] can do to help him out?
How do I (18F) stop feeling anxious and jealous about my boyfriend (18M) having female friend?
So i had an amicable breakup no insane fighting or anything. After the breakup my ex actually reached out and talked to me a little and i gave to the point responses. She even wished me on my birthday so i wished her on hers as well. Every now and then she will message me on snapchat too asking abou
I did something terrible and I think saying sorry in the chat is not enough
I slowly stopped hanging out with my mean friend, but they keep asking me to hangout with them. How do I get rid of them for good?
ADVICE
I found out my best friend's girlfriend is cheating on him and i don't know what to do
How do I (18F) learn to not feel jealous when females are around my boyfriend(18M)?
Are non-verbal cues enough to communciate boundaries?
After the work year from hell, I (26F) want to tell my coworker (23F) how I feel about her.
Boyfriend threatens me with committing suicide if i leave him
I (25F) want to end a friendship with a friend (25F) but my bf (25M) doesn't want me to end it
I kept my girlfriend after she ignored my advice, cheated on me and nearly killed herself + Side Topic: I think she has terrible friends. But I feel like I can't tell her not to see them.
I'm (19F) worried that the guy I'm talking to (22M) is a walking red flag
what if i was in low contact for a few months after the breakup and now have started no contact 2 months after the breakup? am i too late ?
35yo x 38yom. Help! My boyfriend doesnt appreciate physical affection. What's a gal to do?
Girlfriend(19) of 2 years cheated on me(M21) while blackout drunk
My (18M) father (44M) expects a relationship after abusing me
Friend (39M) vented to be about my other friend (32F) and said horrible things. What do I do?
Can my wife claim?
Can my wife claim on my inheritance
I kept my girlfriend after she ignored my advice, cheated on me and nearly killed herself + Side Topic: I think she has terrible friends. But I feel like I can't tell her not to see them.
“Dated” my coworker on and off for nearly 6 months. She was stringing me along and I wish I didn’t fall for it. I feel so stupid and used.
Im a selfish man. I have an amezing person as my partener, but honestly im loosing her forever. Cuz never learned to be caffing and loving to anyone. She is the best thing that ever happened to me, plz help me!
I (21F) went through boyfriends (25M) phone and found some interesting text messages
My girlfriend (20F) has emotional baggage related to her ex (30M) and I (23M) think it’s starting to effect our relationship.
Girlfriend(19) of 2 years cheated on me(M21) while blackout drunk
The “Zenith”
I (21F) contacted my fiancé’s (35M) ex-wives because I felt like he was withholding information in regards to why they divorced - now I feel like I can’t run fast enough
I just lost the best relationship I've ever had because of religious scripture and rules
The “Zenith”
Have been casually flirting with a friend who I had asked out previously. We joke around and share personal stuffs. I give her side hugs while we talk. Am I crossing boundaries?
My Manager Humiliated and Harassed Me and Is Now Going to Have a Sit Down With Me About it
10 Parenting Mistakes We’d Better Stop Making For The Sake Of Our Kids
My partner (17, M) and I (18, M) who have been together for nearly a year, have begun to allow each other to roleplay with other people as a healthier means to deal with things. Is this actually healthier?
I (21F) went through boyfriends (25M) & found some interesting text messages
I (22F) am with a coworker (27M) but he told me he didn't want any commitment but I'm not sure what meaning this all has
I torture myself over this decision daily.
Im a very selfish person, i have never been in i healthy realtionship with anyone ever (even family ). I married to an amezing person and im loosing her because i couldnt change even with all her help and efforts ( she is really nice and loving) but i screw it for 6 years without touchable change...
My Manager Harasses Me and Now she is Going to Have a Sit Down With me About it
I torture myself everyday.
Had a spat with friends
I torture myself everyday.
Did I fucked it up with this girl [19f] when saying goodbye?
How can I be a better listener and have more constructive conversations?
Had a spat with my friends
Did I fucked it up with this girl [19f] when saying goodbye?
Did I fucked it up with this girl [19f] when saying goodbye?
How to tell my (20F) boyfriend (20M) about my past sexual assault?
I (25F) don't know how to deal with my complicated feelings towards my dad (68m)
Did I fucked it up with this girl [19F]?
How can I be a better listener and have more constructive conversations?
My (21M) girlfriend (24F) wants us to move to California, or it’s over, apparently
I (26F) got a cat from my goddaughter's(15F) parents (46ishF / 24F) and re-home it without telling them so they found out through my sister (30F)
Did I fucked it up with this girl when saying good bye
I (F26) got a cat from my goddaughter's (15F) parents (45+F /24F) & rehomed it without telling them so they found out through my sister (30F)
I (26F) withheld information about a cat I got from my (15F) goddaughter's parents (40+F / 24F) who has now been rehomed and they found out through my sister.
(21M) feeling overwhelmed by relationship in lockdown
My (21M) girlfriend (24F) wants us to move to California, or it’s over, apparently
I [30F] am incredibly alone in my marriage to my husband [32M] and I miss our old relationship
Need advice: How much emphasis Should he placed on physical attraction?
Am I (23F) the toxic partner or is my boyfriend (24M)?
Not really sure what we were. She friend zoned me 2 days before Christmas.... then after NC for 2 weeks, she texts me. Eventually we start dating again, but then a few months in, it wasn’t getting better. I mentioned it, then she proceeded to ignore me. This hurts.
Just found out my (30M) "girlfriend" (22F) has been lying to me for the past couple months.
Me (19M) asked girl to be my girlfriend (20F) but now stuck between two girls
My friend can't escape her shitty ex and I don't know how to help
how to do with my best same-gender friend wants to sex with me?
How do you tell your partner they're doing ...it... wrong?
Don't know if husband wants to be married.
My friend can't escape her shitty ex and I don't know how to help
My ex FWB is relentlessly checking my LinkedIn? [30F/34M]
My boyfriend of over a year doesn’t know if he likes me enough to stay with me (updates)
In need of some relationship advice
I need some relationship advice
I (25M) ma living with my gf (32F) but can't forget my ex (25F)
How do you tell you're partner they're doing ...it... wrong?
I (23F) broke up with my boyfriend (26M) because he couldn't stop texting other girls
Jealous friend
Man never told me he had GF
Forever single
My [26f] boyfriend [27m] tells me his needs aren't being met and he said it would be really meaningful to him if I "figure out" what his needs are rather than him telling me
I dont know what to do
I [25m] told the woman [25f] I’ve been dating for 8 weeks I couldn’t promise I’m not gonna break her heart and she was hurt by this. What do I do now?
I am at a loss of my 4 year BFF
Friends drifting apart, don't know what to do.
I (19M)Asked out a girl to be my girlfriend (20F) but now I'm confused
Disgusted by other people’s relationships
Disgusted by other people’s relationships
Met a girl who’s nice to me
Is this a 'two wrongs don't make a right' OR is one of us wrong?
Not sure if I should keep a friend due to toxic family dynamics
Should I be honest with my fwb or just go with the flow? (18f, 21m)
Ffdgh
A potentially good friend whose stautus scares me AF! Tell me what to do?
A potentially good friend(32M) whose status scares me AF! Tell me what to do?
I (19M) miss my attractive ex (18F)... badly
All my friends are giving up on me (21F) and I don't know what to do
My gf(21) hangs out way too much with her guy friend.
Is it wrong that I [M24] only want a partner whom I can also see as a friend?
Is it wrong that I [M24] only want a partner whom I can also see as a friend?
Is it wrong to only want a partner whom I can also see as a friend?
I [20F] don't know how to talk to my parents about the fact that it is ok for me to go out with guys
Should I Tell My Husband about a Crush on a Mutual Friend who I'll Likely Never Meet in Person?
My (23m) ex (22f) reached out to me after 5 years..
Lack of motivation in partner (30M) is really hurting me / our relationship. What would you do?
Boyfriend (m31) said he doesn' love me (f30) anymore out of the blue
My (23m) ex (22f) from 5 years ago reached out to me..
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) dismissed my feelings about exes.
Lack of motivation is partner (30M) is really hurting me / our relationship.
My friend (15M) and I (15F) are getting pretty close lately but I don’t know if I should ask him out on a date.
Keep ruining sex because I’m so nervous. Help please! [19F] [20M] [8 Months]
My friend (15M) and I (15F) are getting pretty close lately but I don’t know if I should ask him out on a date.
I’m (21M) finding my relationship with my girlfriend (20F) quite intense at the moment
He(51M) is finally coming home to me (45F)
I feel like my boyfriend is a narcissist and always call me immature, but when I point out he hasn’t changed his ways, he broke up with me and blocked me, should I chase him back?
I’m dating someone who has expressed their “ideal body type” (anorexic/heroin chic) which I am simply not. I’m worried this will trigger my past eating disorder.
My friend (15M) and I (15F) are getting pretty close lately but I don’t know if I should ask him out on a date.
My (23F) partner (25M) dismissed my feelings.
I feel like my boyfriend is a narcissist and always call me immature, but when I point out he hasn’t changed his ways, he broke up with me and blocked me, should I chase him back?
Girlfriend cheated multiple times
single black mom (27F) + young german guy (26M); are we making a mistake?
Girlfriend cheated but I don't care
How do I cut off a liar ?
How do I [18M] deal with a severely mentally ill parent [44F]?
How do I [18M] deal with my mentally ill parent [44F]?
This is a venting post on office affairs
Is it weird to have a younger boyfriend and best friend?
Thoughts on younger friends/boyfriend?
I [30M] ghosted my gf [27F] after she moved to be with me. Feeling guilty
How do I [18M] deal with a mentally ill parent [44F]?
I hate my boyfriend's best girl friend, need advice on how to deal with her.
Overthinking is destroying my relationship
Overthinking
I [25M] am very worried about my half-brother's [11M] upbringing
Not enough sex in marriage
Should I [M19] start texting my crush [F19] again after long time of no contact?
I (F22) have been in countless relationships, but haven't fallen in love. What makes an SO special?
I (F22) have been in countless relationships, but haven't fallen in love. What makes an SO special?
Is it okay to be annoyed about a dream?
My [21M] dumb "confession" may have broken my ex-girlfriend's [37F] brain.
[33F] How to support SO [35M] while losing his parents
I am going to propose to my girlfriend today.Wish me luck
I am going to propose to my girlfriend today.Wish me luck
I am going to propose to my girlfriend today.Wish me luck
i (f18) found out my mom (f50) has been going thru my phone while i shower
Boyfriend wants us to do a girl together
My ex of 2 years is in a rebound relationship with my best friend of 15 years.
Boyfriend wants to "do" a girl with me
Boyfriend wants to "do" woman with me
How to feel worthy again
In my first relationship but I want to branch out more...
Trying to move on after bad relationship
F19 boyfriend 21. Soulmates?
Wanting to branch out but still be in a relationship...
I [25/M] have a childhood friend [28/M] that has a lot of issues. I am not sure if I want to continue this friendhip
I overthink things due to trust issues in the relationship
My ex of 2 years is in a rebound relationship with my best friend of 15 years.
I (17F) can’t tell if I’m being unreasonably jealous or not - need to get this off my chest and look for insight
Trying to move on after bad relationship
I (17F) can’t tell if I’m unreasonably jealous or not - need to get this out and seek advice
What should I do about the awkward situation with my crush?
I (18F) confronted my boyfriend (22M) about an issue that has been bothering me, but it doesn’t seem like he cares.
Am I justified to be mad at my ex for leaving me at my worst?
I (32 M) am not ok. My relationship with (29 F) is over.
Are there any red flags in our relationship? I am a 19F, dating a 29M
I (19F) am in a relationship with a guy who is (29m), I would love some advice/thoughts on our relationship.
I [20M] don’t know how to get myself back to normal after getting out of an abusive relationship with my ex [19F]
I am afraid that I made mistake but im not sure.
I am a (29F) in a relationship with a (29M) and I just got into an argument about whether his friends were being proper allies.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Wife wont stop bringing up past hook ups
Best Friends different lifestyle. Can this work?
My(M32) girlfriend(F29) found a pair of mysterious panties while we were moving that I can’t explain, and is now planning on leaving with our kids.
My girlfriend(F29) found another girl’s panties while we were moving into my(M32) sister’s old room and now she is accusing me of cheating and planning on leaving with our kids.
We accept the love we think we deserve
(41F) Why am I never "the one"?
(F41) Wondering why I am never "the one"?
it's impossible to communicate with my friend and i'm at my breaking point
Why am I never "the one"?
Told to shut up after boyfriend wakes me up from playing Xbox
I (M28) broke up with my gf (F27) because of her constant contact to other guys
Is it ok for my 2y relationship (M18) (F17) to be thinking about about our future life and children? Is it normal for mature relationships? Any advice?
Did I (22F) overreact about my ex partner's (24M) drinking?
Did I (22F) overreact about my ex partner's drinking and ruin my relationship?
My boyfriend (26M) made a mean joke about me (24F) and I can’t let it go
Complications with best friends.
Is it normal to think about our future life and children during a high school relationship? My Gf(F17) and I (M18) have these discussions quite often.
The relationship between my (25/F) best friend (23/M) and his boyfriend (27/M) worries me.
My (26M) boyfriend made a mean joke about me (24F) and I can’t let it go. Am I overreacting?
(26m) having issue with friend of 2 years (28f)
I (18M) found texts between my girlfriend (18F) and her male coworker (17M), saying things like I'm "stalkerish" and confiding in him. Am I justified to want her to cut him off? How?
I thought we were great...until we weren’t.
am I (22 f) the asshole for ruining a 5 year friendship? need some outsider perspective
Im very attracted to my secretly gay best friend.. is this correct?
Help catch my cheating bf
Me (28m) and my friend (25m) got into a disagreement and it feels a little weird.
AITA for ruining a 5 yr friendship
Need advice
One week to fix everything
Did I [M20] do the right thing cleaning my friend’s [M20] basement?
Relationship help
Help/guidance to try and catch my bf cheating
I like my female friend... HELP
I am struggling to deal with my girlfriends past rape😣
My (20M) Dad is being over controlling about avoiding Corona Virus and I don't know how to deal with him
Complications with best friends.
Should I go for my older friend?
Is my (20M) Dad being over controlling or abusive about Corona virus? What can I do?
I like my female friend...
My (29f) Biodad (46) reached out after 0 contact my entire life
I don’t know where else to go for advice.
I don’t know what to do and I don’t know who I can talk to.
Friend asked to kiss me and i wanted to but i backed out and i regret it
Am I overthinking?
Am I over thinking?
I like my female friend...
Am I over thinking?
I'm in love with a married man who is my best friend
Friend asked to kiss me and i rejected it because of my anxiety and now i regret it
Are non-verbal social cues enough to communicate boundaries?
Need advice
I'm in love with a married man who is my best friend
Is it weird that I got rejected and all I can do is laugh about it?
am I overthinking?
How do i get over my fear of relationships?
Need advice
I am confused about to start relationships
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) Just Dropped A Bomb On Me
How much of an age difference is too much?
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) just dropped a bomb on me
Similar love stories?
should i [22f] be mad at my bf [23m] for texting other girls non platonically?
should i [22f] be mad at my bf [23m] for texting other girls non platonically?
I (22F) feel like I've been a loop of being fwb with my ex (22M)
Stuck in a loop of breaking up then being fwb with ex.
I [29m] said I’d help a friend [28m] apply to a competitive site with joint material but then decided I’d rather pursue it myself.
My (f, 23) bf (m, 21) is okay with spending 2 hours or less with me a week.
Limits of a Bestfriendship
Limits of a best friendship?
I [26M] have been being stalked on and off by a guy I played an online video game with for the past decade now, what can I do?
Who do you choose
How do you deal with still having feelings for someone and still being in touch with those you are no longer romantically involved with even after a long time has gone by ?
I (20s/F) recently found out my ex (20s/M) moved back to my city and I'm terrified of running in to him
I [29m] said I’d help a friend [28m] apply to a competitive site with joint material but then decided I’d rather pursue it myself.
What would you consider us ?
No romance
Family Drama, Need Advice
Who do you choose
Am i a hypocrite?
No Romance
Financially Irresponsible parents ! Just me or you can relate too ?
Confused on how I’m feeling
Guys please help me decipher this guy's texts
Boyfriend (26M) has depression. He’s come so far, but our relationship has suffered because of it.
Guys, can you help me decipher this guy's texts
Ex randomly reached out to me on IG
He (m24) wants to take a step back from quickly budding relationship with me (f25) because he feels sad/not himself and doesn’t feel like he could give me the 100% that I deserve
I (20M) Want to start an onlyfans , but my GF (20F) doesn’t agree
I’m scared that I (18M) messed up my friendships with tons of people, and now I can’t sleep.
Am I being selfish and irrational by asking for a birthday gift?
I am scared that I (18M) messed up a friendship with tons of people.
I’m scared I messed up my friendship with tons of people.
Boyfriend (26M) has depression. He’s come so far, but our relationship has suffered because of it.
How do you ask a guy what his boundaries are when it comes to FWB?
Maybe he’ll see this one day 😅
My ex-gf(20) broke up with me(20) without a proper reason
I(f20) Have absolutely no idea how to feel about the situation
My ex-gf(20) broke up with me(20) in a very bad
How do I start accepting, and let go?
I (31M) want to know how to be encouraging for (30F)
My (25F) ex girlfriend (21F) is changed her appearance to look like my new girlfriend
My girlfriend (19F) is hyper controlling of me (20F)
My girlfriend (19F) treats me (20F) like a child
Maybe he’ll see this one day😍
Sober in relationship with addict
My (25F) ex girlfriend (21F) is changing her appearance to look like my new girlfriend
I (F31)deeply love my boyfriend (M32) but not his family. Is this enough to cause a breakup?
How do you tell a guy you want more “substance?”
How to support a friend that was cheated on?
I (20F) keep getting rejected by my newly discovered half-sister (31F). Should I keep trying to form a relationship?
How best to support a friend that was cheated on?
Just found out that my best friend's girlfriend is cheating on him and I can't do anything about it.
Gift ideas for boyfriend (input from guys appreciated!)
Girlfiend (27F) felt up our friends boyfriend Infront me (26M) and his girlfriend (26M). Doesn't see anything wrong with what she did.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
I (22m) have been dating my gf (21f) for 9 months now. I dont know if i still love her?
Just found out that my best friend's girlfriend is cheating on him and I can't do anything about it.
Sober w/ blow addict SO
Does this mean he (27) has now moved on from her (?)
Should I (30F) tell my landlord (40sF) I’m moving because of my new neighbors?
Would it be weird to date an older woman’s daughter after striking out with the mom?
Gift ideas for boyfriend? (Input from guys appreciated!)
How can I(M23) can get over my ex(F22)
Boyfriend blindsided me with a breakup. What do I do and is it my fault?
You guys call your partner “babe”?
Husband (33 M) in dating website
Boyfriend blindsided me with a breakup. Is it my fault?
Would it be weird to date an older woman’s daughter after striking out with the mom?
I (F30) am having severe medical issues and I am struggling to cope with what the future might bring.
There is something really off with my (35M) MIL and I don't want my daughter (6F) spending time with her (63F).
Sober living w/blow addict
I (28F) am feeling emotional about ex's (29M) recent marriage
Girlfriend had sex with someone while not "exclusive"
AITA for ruining a 5 year friendship?
College "Hookup" Culture
How do you reply to a Catch-22 text?!
Would you rather have sex with an 80 year old or a 20 year old?
College Sexual Surv.
How do you reply to a Catch-22?
What is something (action) you think is underrated in a relationship that you miss?
Boyfriend (25m) ignoring me (24f) after talk about our recent arguments.
My [23 M] Ex GF [23 F] Broke Up After 5 Years and Still Live Together
My Husband and I Have a Wonderful Relationship of 15 Years, but All the Sudden I'm Crushing Hard on One of Our Friends. I would NEVER Cheat, but it's Making Me Feel Guilty.
My [23 M] Ex GF [23 F] Just broke up but still live together
I (28F) am feeling emotional about my ex's (29M) recent marriage
Girlfriend had sex with someone while not "exclusive"
[19M] - My brother (21M) is depressed, and I don't know how to help him.
AITA for telling my boyfriend that we can't be together if he doesn't vote?
30 M with a clingy now live-in girlfriend 25 F of two years, I feel like like she tricked me into staying with her
(need answer asap) my girl best friend is really upset about her abusive last relationship
Why leave our (20M & 18F) relationship so ambiguos?
Girlfriend had sex while not exclusive
How do I stop getting anxious about it?
I (18F) Got out of the "friendzome" with (19M), now he's ghosting me?
What does it mean mean.?
I [23 F] told my partner [27 M] of one year, that not voting is a deal breaker. AITA? --- TL;DR: My otherwise perfect boyfriend is super politically apathetic and doesn't want to vote even though he knows it's important to me. Am I the asshole for telling him it's a potential dealbreaker?
What is going on.
What is going on
Moved way too fast and now I don’t know what to do.
Husband (20M) Has Been Sat Outside For The Past Hour. It's 3:08AM And He's Not Listening To Me (20F) And Is Refusing To Come Inside
I (m20) realise I have been emotionally abusive to someone (f21) and I am ashamed and want to change. How can I make things right?
Am I the asshole for telling my otherwise perfect boyfriend that we can't be together if he doesn't vote?
Am I selfish for wanting to experience more?
I (20F) used to like my BF's (20M) friend in the past, and I feel extremely awkward whenever I'm around his friends.
Am I selfish for wanting to experience more?
I (26T) have permanently ceased my relationship with my father (50M). I'm frustrated and torn. Where do I go from here?
Am I selfish for wanting to experience more?
I (20F) used to like my BF's (20M) friend before we started dating, and now I feel extremely awkward around any of his friends.
I (M26) need help to break a vicious cycle
Moved WAY too fast and now I don’t know what to do.
Horrible, terrible douche boyfriend!
What are my chances of getting pregnant
(24m) in a relationship but have found someone else (26f) and now things are weird
(24m) In a relationship but have recently found someone else(26f) and now things are weird
I know my boss likes me but unsure what to do
In a relationship but have recently found someone else and now things are weird.
Please help restore my (38F) faith in dating men again...
Mom says it's fine she stresses me out because what I did hurt my parents
How do you repair a broken relationship?
My (46M) girlfriend (32F) wants children after we had established we wouldn’t have any
my(f20) bf (m29) doesn’t want a family/marriage
I think I'm lesbian
Have any of you experienced a break up where you wanted to maintain a friendship because of a shared friend group, but it just feels awkward now?
Have anyone of you experienced a break up and then remained friends because of your shared friend group, but after said break up things just felt awkward?
I think I'm lesbian
My boyfriend and I broke up but we’re still friends and it’s kinda weird
Coworker has no boundaries and is too casual in communication
How should I (44M) deal with my male friends’ SOs being unwelcoming to the woman (20F) I’m dating?
Should I (26F) tell me boyfriend (24M) what kind of gift I would like to receive on our anniversary?
How I (44M) deal with my male friends’ SOs being unwelcoming to the woman (20F) I’m dating?
what would you think if your SO tell you this?
How do you deal with your male friends’ SOs being unwelcoming to your SO?
Bf being rude
I [22] am at a critical moment in my life and have to make a huge decision. My father [40s] does not believe in what I studied for and wants me to do something I will hate. I don't know what to do.
My (M17) girlfriend’s (F17)random bluntness drives me crazy.
My bf just called my a fat smelly ogre
Boyfriend (19) wants me (18) to convert to his religion and if I didn't, he would break up with me
My (F22) boyfriend (M23), keeps showing me that the little things are often the best part of a relationship
Can you help my wife?
Who’s to blame for a kiss between me (19F) and my friend’s boyfriend (20M)?
i (24nb) have been worried about my friend (24f) and her living situation for a while
GF (20) almost hit up a past fling when she saw me hanging with female friends after our relationship was nearly done.
GF (20) almost hit up a past fling when she saw me hanging with female friends after our relationship was nearly done.
I (23F) feel uncomfortable that my boyfriend (26M) just told a girl (26F) that if he wasn't with me, he would want to end up with her...is this normal?
Boyfriend lied about his body count
Ultimatum
Should i go back to talking to her??!
Am I wrong to ask my (27F) boyfriend (32M) to get an driver's license?
I (32m) need to dump my long-term gf (32f) as I don’t like that she has been engaged before. How do I do so without upsetting her?
I (F19) don't want to be eating the same thing everyday and now my bf (M18) won't talk to me. We've been dating for 6 months.
What should I say if I’m messaging a guy first?
I (23f) want to get married, my boyfriend (25m) of 4 years does not
Should i go back to talking to her ?
My GF (20) almost hit up a past fling while we temporarily broke up
I (F19) don't want to follow the same eating style as my bf (m18)
[M30] Kinda feeling like crap. Lady I saw for a couple dates [28F] is hurt that I went out with someone else [29F] when I had not heard from her in a while. Did I do wrong? And what is the best way to make this right?
Who's right? Is anyone wrong? My wife (26F), my folks (50F/48M) and me (27M)
I (32m) got in too far with a girl (32f) who has a difficult past. It can’t go anywhere with us so how do I end it nicely?
Anyone else feel frustrated by white friends posturing on social media about BML?
Stupid argument between my boyfriend (34m) of 3 months and I (33f). Can’t resolve the principle of the matter and I think I can speak for the both of us when I say we feel that we’re banging our head against the wall.
Need some advice from the ladies here <3
What are your thoughts about this relationship situation?
Stupid argument between my boyfriend (34m) of 3 months and I (33f). Can’t resolve the principle of the matter and I think I can speak for the both of us when I say we feel that we’re banging our head against the wall.
Do you think of yourself as a potential romantic partner?
What are your thoughts on this relationship situation?
Best friends with different lifestyles. Can this work?
Sad (F 24) about ex-college bf (24 M)
My best friend starts to drive me crazy
How do I (24m) tell my friend (23m) that medical school isn't for him?
My Coworker [23F] is rude to me [21M] for no reason. How do you handle a situation like this?
How do I tell my good friend that medical school isn't for him.
How to deal with trust issues?
Me [35M] with my ex gf [35F] broke up after almost 3 years because of walking on eggshells/throwing objects/scaring dog. Should I have stuck around to help her?
I have a confession to make and I would like to know what to do. Did I sexually assault someone? Please help.
He isn’t here. But I feel him.
I (F29) am having a mental breakdown. I just found a bunch of pictures of other girls on my BF (M29) phone
I can feel him... when he isn’t even here?? and i’ve never met him irl??
Scared to loose my bestie and boyfriend at the same time
Parents tell my brother not to break corona rules and then let him anyways
My Mom asks me an insane amount of questions. Any advice?
How do I talk to my dad about marrying my bf?
Need someone to talk , ... only cause I need a little to speak about my emotions , something that I cannot do in real life
Am I wrong for still hating this girl and holding a grudge?
How do I (28f) stop going back to my boyfriend (33m)?
Girlfriend and me had a weird conversation. Not sure what to make of it? (23M) (21F)
Not a Romantic Relationship, But My Relationship with My Brother
Jealous of my boyfriends success at work
My dad said he would kill my boyfriend if I don't break up with him
I (23f) don’t like sharing my other room
My LDR (18) keeps insisting on hooking up with people and It destroys me psychologically (18), your suggestions?
Ppl in interracial relationships or who have been in them - how do you explain racism to your partner?
I (35M) am thinking about ending my marriage with husband (40M) over someone new
How do I react to birthday gift I find to be expensive and unthoughtful?
GF (22, F) of 3 years suddenly broke up with me (23, M)
I'm losing my GF due to the quarantine (both 27)
I just spent 2 hours seeing if my current boyfriend was interested in other girls.
I (26F) was stalking my ex (26M) online and saw that he had posted a gift from me on his instagram.
Me(26F) trying to come up with a game plan to get my mother(48F) away from my abusive father(56M)
I'm (F 40) really stuck atm and I don't know what to do.
I'm (23m) not over them after 9 months.
How do I react to birthday gift I find to be expensive and unthoughtful?
GF (22, F) of 3 years suddenly broke up with me (23, M)
I (35M) think I might have jumped into a serious relationship too fast
Has anyone ever taken time apart and then gotten back together?
My family owns and operates a restaurant and I have a crush on one of our employees and it is affecting me hard.
Has anyone ever taken time apart and then gotten back together ?
Is it rude to suggest going out to eat, knowing that you don’t have money and the other person will have to pay like usual?
Time apart then back together?
My Boyfriend is annoyed because of my dream
I love my best friend, but I’m not sexually attracted to her
I (F23) am incapable of not getting bored with any relationship I have
Mother in Law (55F) is somehow taking over my life
I would appreciate any available friendship guidance.
I [24 F] think my boyfriend [27 M] has feelings for an old crush.
To leave or to move on
Happy and anxious, my(45F) partner(51M) is finally coming home
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone into the house. Update/conclusion.
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) has been upsetting me. My friends say he's not treating me right and idk what to think.
My (22m) girlfriend (24f) is getting increasingly jealous and has asked me to stop playing xbox games with any girls. It’s my first serious relationship so I’m not sure if this is normal or not.
UPDATE: Is my boyfriend (24M) a mommas (55F) and letting it affect our relationship?
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone into the house. Update/conclusion
Boyfriend doesn’t understand food can go bad?
UPDATE: Is my boyfriend (24m) a mommas (55F) boy and letting it effect our relationship?
My (27F) partner’s (32M) spending habits have increased a lot and he’s starting to act more vain. Am I worrying too much or is this just something he needs for himself?
I'm (F 40) really stuck atm and I don't know what to do, my husband (M 42, 18y) spends most of his time on Twitter searching news stories and becoming really bothered by what's happening, he constantly talks about things and shows me videos etc but I'm a little more laid back with it all
Mum is constantly complaining and I can't take it anymore
How should I feel?
How do I(21M) not fall in love again?
Is it me?
I need to get away from my toxic mother
Is it me?
I need to get away from my toxic mother
All my mum does is complain and its starting to piss me off
Am I in the wrong?
I need to get away from my toxic mother
Am I in the wrong?
My girlfriend (21F) keep her best friend ( 21F) & her mother's brother (32M) above her boyfriend me (22f) she says those are more important then me
I need to get away from my toxic mother
How do you act after you messed up or started a dumb fight?
Am I in the wrong?
How do I(21M) not fall in love again?
How do you get out of a toxic relationship when the person means a lot to you and you care about him/her that it's hard to leave?
How do you get out of a toxic relationship when the person means a lot to you and you care about him/her that it's hard to leave?
I (28f) don't know how to feel about someone's (25m) behavior towards me.
My girlfriend (21F) keeps her best friend (21F) and her mother's brother ( 32M) above her boyfriend me (22F).
My girlfriend (21F) keeps her best friend (21F) and her mother's brother ( 32M) above her boyfriend me (22F) , she said those more important then me How am I suppose to take this ?
would this make a relationship go bad
(20m) Will meeting my ex (18f) help fixing my broken heart?
Should I show I love her
My girlfriend (21F) keeps her best friend (21F) and her mother's brother ( 32M) above her boyfriend me (22F) .she said those more important then me . How am I suppose to take this ?
My [24/M] brother's [22/M] irresponsible behavior rregarding his dog is driving me crazy
I need to get away from my toxic mother
My girlfriend (21F) keeps her best friend (21F) and her mother's brother ( 32M) above her boyfriend me (22F) .she said those more important then me . How am I suppose to take this ?
My (33m) GF (26f) left me bc her feelings for me have changed. However she was not 100% sure. Can I get her back?
Husband in love with my sister
Husband in love with my sister
My[18M] parents[50s] purposely embarrass me whenever I’m with other people, yet they complain when I get embarrassed being with them around others.
Embarrassment from family ruined relationships for me.
SEXLESS RELATIONSHIP: is cheating the answer?
I'm [20F] in a 3 year LDR and I'm not sure if there's a future with him [22M]
My (21m) ex-boyfriend broke up with me (21f). I know it was for the best, but I don’t know how to get past the heartbreak.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) wants to move away, making our relationship long distance- I am unsure.
Being against today’s hook up/dating culture while it goes against my core values. What can I do to remind my self of my values and not feel like a outcast while the hook up culture is normalizing and feel like I’m missing out on the fun
Im under 18 and my grandfather is being touchy.
Controlling Parents
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) wants to move away, making the relationship long distance, I am unsure
I [F23] am turned off by my girlfriend's [F29] weight. How can I overcome that?
Single, but confused. (25M)
My parents are on the verge of breaking up
Thinking of leaving my (30F) boyfriend (35M) because it doesn’t feel right.
My Boyfriend's (27F) Family Does Not Get Along With Me (21F) And I Do Not Know How To Handle It
Am I making a mistake still pursuing this relationship?
SEXLESS RELATIONSHIP: is infidelity the answer?
How much is too much to disagree on and still stay together??
Parents breaking up
I think that I have found my [M/27] best friend’s [M/32] reddit and on it he seems to have posted that he is in love with me. How if at all should I approach this subject?
Am I making a mistake still pursuing this relationship?
Move and Embrace the Cold or stay in the heat for work? (M 23 &F24)
Embrace the Cold or stay in the heat? (24F & 23M)
I’m (30F) leaving my boyfriend (36) of 4 years because it feels wrong
Would it be wrong for me [24 M] to try and date in a poorer country?
I (20M) want to support my gf (28F) thats is trying relationships again after a time of casual sex
My (F22) boyfriend (M26) says I'm invalidating his feelings. I just wanted to celebrate with him
(20m) Will meeting my ex (18f) help fixing my broken heart?
My (27F) boyfriend (24M) has been messaging old partners
My [23F] boyfriend [21M] stayed at my place during lockdown. My roomate [23F] wants my bf to pay rent when it was implied that we would compensate his presence in other ways.
My father who is 55 years old insulted me.
[20m] Will meeting my ex [19f] help fixing my broken heart?
Should I be concerned that my wife doesn't gift me on our anniversary?
Is it possible to foster a relationship with a close friend?
Can/should I (21F) go NC on my friend (27M) without explanation?
Is it possible to foster a relationship with a close friend?
previously broken up w for having herpes / new possible partner doesn’t care a little too much?
Am I (18M) being too empathetic toward a sexual abuser?
I (35M) dating (31F) and know on a break.
Boyfriend taking time out to respond to a text
Am I (18M) being too empathetic toward a sexual abuser?
Is it possible to have a relationship with a close friend?
Help settle some things.. socks too high? Pictures of truck is like taking selfies?
Family debt
Mom (57F) and grandma (83F) constantly fighting and making each other’s life hell...
My [30/F] boyfriend [31/M] has an unhealthy habit with one video game and it is ruining our relationship.
F(28) tired of not knowing who I’m dealing with
Am I shitty?
Insecurity and jealousy
Girlfriend hates job, won't see therapist, meds aren't enough and feels like shes being punished.
Car
Family debt
Girlfriend (19) hates her job, won't see therapist, can't get a new job because of covid, and her meds aren't enough.
What Happened?! I feel like Tom & Summer from “500 Days of Summer”
Should I be concerned that my wife never gifts me on our wedding anniversary?
move to MN or stay for a career, maybe?
I am a woman who is more attracted to women physically but I would only want to date men, am i heteroromantic bisexual?
Upset about a dream
Afraid to show them my sad existence [30 M/F]?
I [24F] tend to feel anxiety, fear, and doubt when conflict arises in my relationship. I want to work on this before I sabotage a good thing
I am worried about my daughters masturbation addiction
Just found out my Fiancée is more than 2 million in debt.
I am a girl who is more attracted to women physically but I would only want to date men, am i heteroromantic bisexual?
I [24F] find myself getting anxiety when conflict arises in my relationship. I find myself consumed by doubt and fear and tend to want to disconnect myself. Help, please?
I need some advice please..its all to confusing
Just found out my Fiancée is more than 2 million in debt.
I need advice on what to do. I'm just not sure at this point, its confusing.
Lying to my SO (23m) about my age (18f)
My (F20) boyfriend (M23) stopped his friendship because of our relationship (8months). I feel really guilty. What should I do?
I(36M) sent a letter to my parents (65M and 60F),telling them that four years ago I had a son (5M).
My bf (23) stopped his friendship because of me (20F)
I feeel very saddd
Repost: Advice on ending a relationship due to mental health? I am 20F, he is 20M.
Would you be able to get back with your ex after his seemed-to-be serious rebound relationship ends?
Describe love to someone never had it
I feeel very sadddd
I (20M) want tips to help my gf (28F) embracing the lifestyle she wants and deserves
My (f20s) ex bf’s (30s) blood-related brother (30) propositioned him for sex, his fiancé (f20s) doesn’t know
I need some advice!
I feeeel very sad
Moved in with my[24F] boyfriend[27M] (and his parents) during quarantine and he wants me to move out earlier than expected, is this a bad sign?
Yesterday I sent a letter to my parents, telling them that four years ago I had a son.
Describe love to someone who never had it
I (20M) want tips to help my gf (28F) embracing the lifestyle she wants and deserves
Moved in with my[24F] boyfriend[27M] (and his parents) during quarantine and he wants me to move out earlier than expected, is this a bad sign?
My bf [28m] of a year and half dumped me [26F] and I'm so lost
Paying off family debt
I [25F] told my mother [47F] about being accepted onto my university course. She asked me, completely seriously, if I was sure because I’m pretty stupid.
My boyfriends sister has secret animosity toward me, and I have to pay the price for it?
My boyfriends sister has some secret animosity toward me?
Now I like him 🤷🏻‍♀️
What to do if you're SO is obsessed with a topic and won't stop talking about it. My boyfriend is a Dead Head.
Boyfriend [39M] wants a friendship with his ex [40F] who last year told him (while pregnant with someone else’s child) she loved him. I [28F] feel insecure
My [26M] GF [25F] wants to separate to assess what she wants in life independently
I thought a hook up would make me feel better : it has made me feel worse
Please help me (21F) navigate this situation with my bf (22M). I don’t know what to do anymore. He is upset with me over an incident with a bowl of popcorn.
Am I(22M)wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend(22F) after I found out she cheated four years prior
I (18F) always get bored of my partners and it's ruining my love life
My mom and her mental illness: advice much appreciated
Husband (20M) Is Struggling To Make The Weight Cut And Apparently It's All My (20F) Fault. Losing 2 stones in 4 DAYS IS NOT POSSIBLE BUT He's Not Listening.
I (23F) wanted a weekend of closure with my ex (23M), but now I'm not so sure
I always get bored of my partners
Was I [F21] wrong for telling my friend [26M] that sex Ruth him was bad?
[Update] I (23, F) am making an escape plan from my home where I am in lockdown with my very religious family who is driving me insane, to join my bf and my cat .
I wanted a weekend of closure with my ex, but now I'm not so sure it's a good idea...
[18M] I love her. First potential gf
[18M] I love her, need advice! First one.
Advice
[Update] I (23, F) am making an escape plan from my home where I am in lockdown with my very religious family who is driving me insane, to join my bf and my cat .
Wife has changed drastically
I am afraid I made mistake but im not shure.
I (F, 27) am unsure how to handle my partner's (M, 24) inability to understand how to respond to tough situations
Am I(22M)wrong for breaking up with my girlfriend(22F) after I found out she cheated four years prior
Looking for advice
My fiance's ex gave me some information about their relationship and I don't know what to do with this. What does this mean, is this a bitter ex and does the past belong in the past?
Advice please
My(22) Girlfriend(20) had threesome while we were having unprotected sex.
Apparently I (19 F) look like a Helpline to my friends what should I do?
Success stories after leaving someone you thought was perfect?
I think I'm confusing being lonely with being horny. I've had a hook up recently : it has made me feel worse.
Single but feeling confused about two girls I'm talking with (25M).
What can I do to stop getting bothered by my girlfriend's almost compulsive masturbation?
I think I'm confusing being lonely with being horny. I've had a hook up, it makes me feel worst.
Is my crush just using me for my attention? Or she actually does have some feelings for me?
(16m) I think my mom (35f) is cheating with my dad's cousin (23m)
Apparently I (19 F) look like a Helpline to a large sum of my friends. What should I do?
I (26M) have gotten really bad at having any sort of deeper level of conversation with my girlfriend (29F) of 4 years after being together again after ~2 years of long distance.
Tips to stop being emotionally dependent?
My (20M) dad refuses to see other perspectives in life besides his own.
Mom and grandma constantly fighting and making each other’s life hell...
Mouth breather
My boyfriend tends to degrade me and can't handle it when I don't put up with it.
My(22f) boyfriend(22m) of 5 years doesn’t initiate sex or intimately touch my anymore
Should I go for it?
My boyfriend tends to degrade me a lot and silences me when I say something about it.
should i worry my teacher has an ulterior motive?
My (F26) Boyfriend (M26) is never mentally present and it's driving me insane
Tips to stop being emotionally dependent? [17M]
My(22f) boyfriend (22m) of 5 years doesn’t initiate sex or touch me intimately anymore
Mouth Breather
Why is my mother (53/F) rude to me around others?
Why is my mother (53/F) rude to me when other people are present?
I (29F) don’t know where to go from here with a close friend (28F).
Why is my mother rude to me when she’s with other people?
My (20M) dad doesn't listen to perspectives that aren't his own
I (24M) asked my boyfriend (19M) a question I didn’t like the answer too. I can’t get it out of my head.
