how to breakup....?
how to break up...
Is it ok for my boyfriend to have a female best friend?
My (25F) boyfriend (29M) was looking at girls pics during sexual act
Please help, at I making this bigger than it really is?
I feel like I’m ruining my relationship because of a borderline personality disorder
She Changed Her Hair... and I don’t like it.
Please help, am I making this bigger than it really is?
Boyfriend was looking at other girls pics during sexual act
She Changed Her Hair
My [26] boyfriend [28] lives an unhealthy lifestyle and it’s making me anxious about our future
So, I [20f] fell for my best friend [20m] during quarantine, and now I don't know how to get over him.
Not sure if this is normal
My [19M] Sister [12F] doesn't want to pursue the case of bullying at her school, is that okay?
How to sah "no" to sex with an ex if you want him back?
How to say "no" to sex with an ex if you want him back?
My [29F] boyfriend [21M] of 4 years has the most sporadic sleeping schedule
My (27M) girlfriend (24F) keeps asking me what I want from her.
His wife thinks he is cheating - Me f 36 and he is m 32
I'm not sure if this is normal.
Getting over things that never really happened.
I (20F) love my boyfriend (20M) but I don’t trust him.
Dont k ow what to do
My (17m) friend (17f) has asked me out, and I said yes, but she rejected one of my friends last year and I've never been in a relationship so I don't know what to do next.
I [28F] drunkenly text my ex [30M] that I knew he was a liar after my friend [30F] told me in confidence he cheated on me. What do I do?
Race and Relationships Megathread
I need some advice.
I’m (23F) sick of my boyfriend (27M) always being the victim
Not sure if this is normal.
Guy following boyfriend at work
I (19M) need advice on how to say "no" to my Aunt (50-ish)
I know I was emotionally manipulative in my previous relationship
I know I’m emotionally manipulative in Relationship
[29M]How to Stop Feeling Jealous/Insecure?
I don’t know if I have severe jealousy issues of if my bf sucks
Young Love [Long Read]
Anyone here have issues with an extremely tired/unmotivated SO? Please read and share some advice or similar experiences and how you handled it.
Young Love [LONG READ]
According to Reddit, my relationship is doomed.
Anyone here have issues with an extremely tired/unmotivated SO? Please read and share some advice or similar experiences and how you handled it.
Young Love [LONG READ]
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone into the house.
How do I fix myself?
How do I fix myself?
Evil?
According to Reddit, my relationship is doomed.
Me (15M) caught my cousin who is living with us (12F) sneak someone in to the house.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
WOMAN evul?!?!??
My(20F) boyfriend (20M) turns to an asshole whenever I play video games with him
I 33F have mixed feelings about my adoptive parents (60s M/F) cat dying
My(19F) boyfriend (20M) turns to an asshole whenever I play video games with him
I (33F) have mixed feelings about my adoptive parents (60s M/F) and don’t know if I’m an ass or not
Love language issue?
How can I [20M] tell my ex girlfriend I cheated on her? Should I?
Are we just very different people?
My GF [26F] lied and cheated on me for months and ended up being taken advantage of by the person..what should i do?
How can I tell my ex that I cheated on her
I [21F] am not sure whether to stop contacting a person [21M] that I never even dated
Should I 21F make a move on my best friend 21M? (Both Virgins/Have never Dated)
My GF [25F] cheated on me for months and ended up being sexually assaulted by the person..what should i do?
My boyfriend left me because of my culture.
My boyfriend left me because of my culture.
4 months on, discovered ex has been hacking into my social media accounts to check up on me.
I [college aged F] am not sure if I should go no contact with someone [same but M] I never even dated, or how to go about it. [A few years] O wise stable relationship people, impart unto me your wisdom.
My (F/21) Bf (M/22) says I’m too cocky and optimistic about my future.
15 years old. Feel like missing out on something.
My (25/F) boyfriend's (25/M) mother (50/F) has proven to be racially insensitive and I don't know if the relationship is worth having to deal with her even just occasionally.
I’m a terrible person that had a life crisis and I want to know where to go from here.
Did I do something wrong?
So I need some advice
what do you guys think about a break?
My (22F) friend (26F) was rude to a waiter today and I’m disappointed
Today I (22 F) realized my friend (26 F) is rude to waiters and it makes me disappointed in her
3 years, barely rekindled after being apart 9 months
I (f18) don’t understand kissing with tongue with my boy person (m21)
I don’t understand kissing with tongue
One of the hardest life lessons I've encountered to date.
I give the fuck up
Am I seriously overthinking this??? Or do I have a reason to feel undesirable? NSFW
Am I seriously putting too much thought into this??? I don't feel desired. NSFW
My bisexual girlfriend wants to go skinny dipping with her friends. Conflicted.
something fell out of fiances private parts
One of the most toughest life lessons I've learned while on this earth.
What do I do about odd behavior of spouse?
Is it possible to be thin in a relationship with a feeder?
My BF and I communicate intimacy very differently and I need help/support.
odd behavior? Spouse 37M and me (32F)
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] is bisexual but wants to go skinny dipping with her group of friends (all girls). Conflicted.
How to deal with Bf’s Oscillating feelings.
I (F32) dont know how to navigate a friendship (F32) with someone so ignorant about systemic racism in the US
My (26f) roomate (28f) keeps telling me to break up with my gf (27f) of 10 months. What do you make of it?
I (22M) burned bridges with my (22F) ex-gf / friend of 10 years. I haven't been through anything like this before. Please help
How do I (F32) navigate a friendship (F32) and ignorance about systemic racism?
I [21M] don't think I'm sexually attracted to my [21F] girlfriend of 4 years anymore.
(NSFW) My BF and I have bad sexual communication... I need advice/support
Saw something fall out of fiance
14f here, does anyone 13-15f wanna be my online bsf or something?
Boyfriend (38M) goes sailing with his daughter (18F) and her friends (18Fs)
My boyfriend [19M] of 1 year doesn’t bring me around his family or friends. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
14f here, does anyone 13-15f wanna be my online bsf or something?
Is it normal for men to be attracted to 13-14 year olds?
My [19M] boyfriend of 1 year doesn’t bring me around is family. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
Is it normal for men to be attracted to young teens, like 13-14 year olds?
question for guys
My [19M] boyfriend of 1 year doesn’t bring me around his family. Are my [21F] feelings valid?
STEP DAD SEXUALLY HARRASES ME. PLEASE HELP.
me single (30M) my coworker is married (34F) havina confused relationship. How to avoid getting into office romances?
Is this feeling valid?
How to break up with someone you live with?
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] takes 'communication' during sex too seriously and it's a huge turnoff for me, what should I do?
After attending a wedding, thoughts on relationships and singleships...
I struggle with the fact that my partner watches porn, and I'd like some advice
My girlfriend of 3 years (25F) gets nervous talking about sex (23M)
Help I want my girlfriend to open up about sex and feel comfortable with me about it
Letting go and moving on
How to avoid getting into office romances?
Help my girlfriend of 3 years struggles talking about sex with me even though we have it.
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something else entirely
(27F) With (31M) He's suspicious of me, I'm not sure what to do?
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something else entirely
I (22F) really struggle with dealing with my SO (26M) watching porn, and would like advice.
My (23f) best friend (23F) was mad i ditched her for my BF, we haven't spoken in 6 months
Gay, Bisexual, Bi-curious, or something completely different?
Boyfriend hysterically laughs, records when I have legit mental breakdowns.
The mother of my child is being suspicious
Just realized my m(30) ex f(28) is no one who I ever thought she was.
Boyfriend hysterically laughs, records when I have mental breakdown.
My [30F] boyfriend [37M] of 9 months lies to his daughter [11F] when we go out, and he wants me to lie to her too.
The mother of my child is being suspicious
My best friend [31 F] of 5 years ghosted me [24 F] out of nowhere.
Was into a girl for the first time in a long time before COVID and since then I’ve been super lonely.
I (F24) am supposed to move in with my friend (M24) soon but have started developing feelings for him.
My Baby Mom is being suspicious
Dealing w/ Struggles and I’m trying to start a relationship soon
I (F24) am supposed to move in with my friend (M24) soon but have started developing feelings for him.
i have a feeling that im meant to be with someone that i barely know??
My LDR (18) keeps insisting on hooking up with people and It destroys me psychologically (18), your suggestions?
My mother refuses to apologize and insists me and ny sister are just abusive and controlling.
In a very abusive relationship and need help ASAP
Ever since fiancé left me for no reason my life sucks
Need help for safety
Wrong expectations? (M24)
My (22F) fiancé's (26M) Ex-Friend (24M) is trying to break us up because I don't like him back
Right person, wrong time...
Right person, wrong time?
Have you ever had to help your lady insert a tampon? I did this morning and it was weird and fun also.......... vaseline. Tell me about your experiences
i broke up with my boyfriend because i didn’t feel the same way and even though i’m horribly sad about it i know i made the right decision
To date or not to date...
Why does my ex stare at me all the time
Wrong expectations? (M24)
Me (30) and I have a fantasy about messing around with a MD , a co worker at the hospital.
Keep getting ghosted
Has anyone else been in this wedding planning thoughts faze?
How do I breakup with a friend????
I know it’s a long shot... BUT I really want to screw around with a MD... ;)
Keep getting ghosted
How does one end a friendship
I (22M) don't know how to help my girlfriend (21F) cope with us being apart
Help with girls very urgent please
Keep getting ghosted
Fiancé just flipped out drunk telling me no one knows my stories because I’m not from here and I need to focus on my weight... ummmm ya great... good stuff! HA!
I 21(M) have become increasingly insecure and possessive over my gf of 6 months 21(F)
How do I [23/F] talk to my boyfriend [26/M] about feeling like his friends don’t like me?
a
How to I [23/F] talking to my bf [23/M] about feeling like his friends don’t like me?
Long Distance Lovers?
Sex after dry spell
Is he using me for attention or is it real
Help with girls please
Sex after a dry spell
Am I being used for attention or does he actually care
Do you guys care if your current partner ”likes” exes photos on social media?
Long Distance BS
Will this marriage make it through the pandemic? 50 married female
My mom told me a secret and I don’t know how to cope.
My Girlfriend has a really stressful job and I am developing control issues.
Help with girls please
My mom told me a secret and I have no one to talk to
Space during quarantine? 50 married female
What are some bad qualities that have been brought out while in a relationship?
(20F) should I feel guilty about breaking up with boyfriend (20M)
How do i use the no contact rule if we agreed to be friends?
How to deal with first date jitters
My GF (20F) Has hit me (20M)
Feeling bad about breaking up with bf
My (22M) and my girl’s (23F) anniversary is coming up but we’re under quarantine so restaurants and most of our plans were affected. Any ideas on how to celebrate during the pandemic?
My (34F) husband (35M) of 10 years announced he is leaving our family (8F, 6M) tomorrow
Not wanting to be friendly with cheating ex and girlfriend
Men's mental health
Should I be friends with cheating ex and girlfriend?
Why am I so easily attracted to every girl I meet, but when I get in a relationship I don’t like it as much as I thought I would?
Found my boyfriend texting another girl asking for less tame photos
Mens mental health
How much is too much to disagree about...
My (17 F) boyfriend (19 M) told me that I trigger his anxiety and I do not know what to do now. Please help!
Am I too needy?
How do I [17f] talk with my boyfriend [22m] about wanting to meet his friends?
My ex messaged me after 4 years, I’ve been getting mixed signals
Am I being too needy?
My (17 F) boyfriend (19 M) told me that I trigger his anxiety and I do not know what to do now. Please help!
My ex messaged me after 4 years, I’ve been getting mixed signals
My (M30) wife (F24) keeps doing things behind my back and is making our money problems worse
Let Go Of Being Controlling
What can I do
My (21f) girlfriend (23f) cries during sex
How often to text new person
Let Go Of Being Controlling
My old friend is my ex, roommate, and FWB all in one?
please read and help if you can
What was your experience like picking a friendship over pursuing someone romantically?
My wife had a miscarriage this morning. We spent the day grieving together but I have no idea what to do this weekend. Any suggestions how we can spend the next two days not lying in bed crying?
(22, F) Guy I’m interested has a history of cheating.
I was wondering if I could get help with something
I [19M] want to overcome motion sickness from playing certain games to bond better with my GF [20]...
How do I [17f] talk with my boyfriend [22m] about wanting to meet his friends?
Mother of my children is flat out ignoring/lying to me
I was wonder if I could get some help
gofundme.com/211pi4s2ao
Relationship of 2.5 years just ended and I (23F) am lost.
I [M17] am worried about disappointing my parents [41F, 42M].
How Can I (18F) Reach Out?
Should i talk to him?
Relationship of 2.5 just ended and I (23F) am lost.
I'm (24M) going to see an ex (23F) tomorrow and I'm nervous.
What was your experience like picking a friendship over pursuing someone romantically?
Balancing independence and being in a relationship (21yo)
My [27M] ex-girlfriend [27F] of 3 years keeps trying to contact me - she is married and it has been 6 years since the relationship ended.
I am going through a phase of resenting my spouse. Seeking advice.
Me [M 23] Founded out girl I have been talking to for months is still using dating apps
I keep getting into relationships with people I dont care about for the attention but I have trouble breaking up.
What defines being a "touchy person" versus downright cheating in a relationship?
When in long marriages, is it normal to ebb and flow in the love department?
Does this message (If sent to you by someone), make you feel better about yourself?
How to break up with your boyfriend that is also your best friend
My S.O. (M/37) plays D&D every Friday night vs. Hanging out with his hot wife (F/32). WITHOUT FAIL
I’m 14 and my dad is leaving
Is it okay for your partner to have sex with you whilst you are sleeping?
I don’t know if I should feel like scum for doing this
She was my first "true" g/f...but it ended and I don't know how
We aren’t together currently but want to retry, but I don’t know what to do while I wait for him?
My SO (M/37) play D&D every Friday night instead of hang out with hot wife (F/32). Wtf!
I (32M) hit my ex-girlfriend (32F) and she got me arrested. The police do not believe me when I say she was asking to be hit, and I am looking at extensive charges. What can I do to get her to tell the truth?
My(22m) friend(20f) said she needed space because of how I've been treating her.
How do i communicate more effectively?
I (21 female)need help buying an anniversary gift for my boyfriend(25 male) of 2 years
Person I have been talking to for past three months sitll on dating apps?
Unable to communicate small issues
We aren’t together currently but want to retry, but I don’t know what to do while I wait for him?
My breakup was painful. She was my first "True" g/f and I still don't know why things ended.
Camping with work friend for cuddles
Is it okay for your partner to have sex with you whilst you sleep?
My friend(30F) is upset with me, should I(30F) apologize?
My(13M) fear of men is affecting my schooling.
We see his ex a couple of times
My best friend fucked my old boyfriend while I was dating him
My SO (M/37) loves D&D more than pussy (F/32)
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like
My (25f) now ex bf (25m) got caught flirting on snapchat with my son's 13 year old cousin.
I'm not sure what to do. My (22M) girlfriend (F20) of three years left abruptly. I don't want to lose her
My (25f) now ex bf(25m) got caught snapchatting my son's 13 yrd old cousin.
Missing an old friend - Don't know if I should reach out
my boyfriend broke up with me unexpectedly and the situation is odd and i don’t know what to do because i still love him and i don’t want to give up on it.
How do I (21M) sleep with an old friend (20F)?
Boyfriend is very politically influenced
How to sleep with an old friend
Finding it extremely difficult to communicate with my mom
What defines being a "touchy person" versus downright cheating in a relationship?
Guys and twitter
Boyfriend [20M] wants expensive gift, I [20F] don't want to spend that much
Male Friend Made Creepy Move
What a situation
My ex still blames for everything & I cant seem to get over it.
My [29F] boyfriend [22M] of 4 years has the most sporadic sleeping schedule ever.
My (22F) BF (22M) is best friends with an abuser.
Why does my SO love D&D more than pussy?
Male Friend Creeped Me Out
4 yrs and despondent
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like
WFH is destroying everything we (30m/30f) have
Use Siri
¿Como le fue a la chica mas linda en su colegio?
Male Friend Creeped Me Out
I (26F) don't know how to move forward with my boyfriend (31M)
Guys on reddit! What are those things girls do that you love?
4 years and despondent
I (26F) don't know how to move forward with my boyfriend (31M)
Cheating ???
Cheating ??
Should I let my GF know that I feel uncomfortable/don't like her friends?
Should I let my GF know that I feel uncomfortable/don't like her friends?
I [19F] had an inappropriate relationship with my step-brother [18M] then I started seeing another guy. I think my step-brother is upset
Mildly disabled husband (45M) recently said he would like to quit working so he could stay out home. He would like me (31F) to be the sole provider, even though I have a disability of my own and already work 40-50 hours per week.
Tomorrow, I (M34) will break up with my girlfriend (f27) of a year and I'm really happy about it
I was so excited, now I’m worried
I'm not sure if I should or how to confront my bf about my boundaries and something that's been bothering me.
My wife has become skinny fat and I find it difficult to find her sexually attractive
I think my dad is mentaly abusing me, but Im not sure...
My [22F] social anxiety is ruining relationships
I (21F) think my independence ruined my relationship (21M)
Hook up (m35) squeezes my (f23) breasts until they bruise and I am skeptical
(25f) how to walk away from a hookup with (25m) when you have feelings
I'm not sure if I should or how to confront my bf about my boundaries and something that's been bothering me.
The internet has turned my (F24) mother (F62) into a delusional nutcase. Is there anything I can do to save her?
Should I have broken up with my boyfriend because he didn’t want me around?
My black coworker (23m) is against BLM and I'd (32f) like some advise
My (23f) boyfriend (28m) convinced me to move to a "nicer" neighborhood, but I hate it. I also feel like he looks down on my old neighborhood.
I don't have feelings for my wife anymore. I feel much more happy just sitting alone by myself and doing the things I like.
Come subscribe to my onlyfans! We can chat, sends pics and a lot more😘😘 only $12!!
My (33F) partner (36M) uses my face products (together 1yr)
my (f18) relationship is making my anxiety worse, and it’s probably time to end it, even though that’s not what i want.
Neeed to vent ☹️
Guys - how many of you would consider "missionary only", no oral/anal, jusr PIV, a deal breaker?
I think our wedding might be cancelled, if we don’t break up that is
What is it called when you're constantly thinking of experiencing things through your boyfriends viewpoint/mind? Is that a mental thing/codependency situation? (both 21)
I (21F) need help supporting my partner (22M) during his depressive episode.
I (F/21) told my boyfriend (M/22) I would leave him if he started working for his family again.
A woman [20] I [40] had sex with is back with a vengeance and I need advice on how to handle it
Me (19M) Having Severe Anxiety With Ex-Partner (20M)
My friend [F25] told me she can't recognize me from the person I [F23] used to be. I feel completely lost
I (17M) need advice on how to get my ex (17F) back.
I (17M) need advice on how to get my ex (17F) back.
Recent fights with my boyfriend have me confused about his feelings toward me.
*UPDATE* I am in disbelief and can't even to begin to process my BF's request and I don't know where to go from here.
Am I incapable?
I (21F) need help supporting my partner (22M) through his depressive episode.
*UPDATE* I am in disbelief and can't even to begin to process my BF's request and I don't know where to go from here.
Weird feelings after bumping into my (F 27) ex (M 32)
I (31f) Need Advice About Boyfriend (32m) and Open Relationship -
How to message someone online?
Is this normal behaviour from my (28, F) male work colleague (52, M)?
College relationship being affected by quarantine
How to message someone online?
I (20F) am struggling with reaching out to an ex (22M) before it’s too late
What would you do if u feel like y love is not the same? W. been tgth for 10 years. We met when we were 18 and been tgth thins there. We are not married, don’t have kids. I’ don’t think marriage solve the problem. I was tinkling to move away from him/her to think idk.What would you do? Pls help
How to message somebody online?
I (20F) am struggling with reconnecting with an ex (22M) before it’s too late
I (21F) need help with supporting my partner (22M) during his depressive episode
What do I (33F) do about my suddenly unstable sister in law (36F)?
My dad (49M) thinks that we should still wipe boxes down, take showers right after coming home from anywhere, and wash plastic bags with food in them even if there's a vaccine developed for COVID-19 and it's infected rates go down. I (14M) disagree that we should continue this lifestyle forever.
How to smessage someone online?
Opening a credit card, mom against it
Boyfriends [30m] response to ‘I feel like you’re not attracted to me’
What do I (33F) do about my suddenly unstable sister in law (36F)?
Recently finally ended a long saga with my crush (in a good way)
Opening a credit card, mom against it
Advice for removing a roommate nicely.
Boyfriends [30m] response too: ‘I feel like you’re not attracted to me’
College relationship hurting and don't know if it's solely because of quarantine
Fuck you
My (24/F) boyfriend (25/M) is black and hates the BLM movement and gets angry whenever I mention it
Girlfriend cries when I sleep
Nicknames you didn’t know about your partner gave you
NICKNAMES YOU DIDNT KNOW YOU HAD
Removing roommate from lease.
What's the worst way you broke up with someone?
My girlfriend cries when I sleep
Looking for resources on how I (white F30s) can support my aunt (black F50s)
My friend keeps posting other people’s pictures without face showing pretending they are of her...
A cat-astrophe with my housemate
My (24/F) boyfriend (25/M) is black and hates the BLM movement and gets angry whenever I mention it
Scared for the boy I like
Hated by in-laws for doing favour for brother-in-law
My ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend: am I being weird about it?
Housemate cat-astrophe
Me [29 M] with a girl [24 F] I've been facetime dating for 1 month, COVID Dating issue: we are finally going to be able to meet in person... But she told me something today that makes me rethink it all.
Me(22f) and bf(22m) always argue about a close friend (guy) of mine
Scared for my boyfriend
Are other women’s panties a dealbreaker??
Just one simple question that I need answered
Is this a deal breaker? Panties in a box
My [26M] wife [26F] and I fight over household chores al the time. How do we stop?
Gf versus family
Crazy existence
What would you do?
Is it ok to leave a LT relationships during a flirt that my partner accepted but refused later?
My [26M] wife [26F] constantly fight over household chores. How do we stop?
My (35m) girlfriend (35f) broke up with me because she thinks I am interested in a 60 year old woman.
Me(21F) and my boyfriend (22M) always argue about a close friend of mine
My F(17) mother F(49) constantly drinks and becomes verbally abusive, I’ve cried myself to sleep twice.
I (24F) don't know if I had made the right choice about (31M) , together 2 months.
I (26f) need help uplifting my boyfriend (27m)
I like someone a lot but can’t be in a relationship right now. What do I say to them?
I like someone a lot, but I can’t be someone’s partner right now
I like this person a lot, but I’m not ready for a relationship
My (21F) boyfriend (25M) doesn't make me a priority. What do I do about it?
My F(17) mother (49) constantly drinks and causes verbally abusive arguments, which she denies the next day, I’ve cried myself to sleep twice.
Is it ok to breakup my relationship while I already started flirting with someone else after letting my partner know?
Wrong expectations?
Should I (26 F) be worried that my bf (27 M) has been recently searched multiple times for a former Co-worker, who had a huge crush on him, on FB?
Monster Girlfriend
Please help me.
I need help.
Worrying about what my ex's family thinks of me
How can i get my bestfriend back
Worrying constantly about what my ex's family thinks of me
I (24F) am exclusive with a guy (31M) and things have been very dramatic.
Annoying Roommate Causing potential relationship problems
I (17M French) don't want to leave my boyfriend (21M British)
Annoying Roommate Causing potential relationship issues
My (22m) gf (22f) of 2 years recently started getting mad at me over minor things
My (34M) girlfriend (28F) is getting in the way of our relationship and she won't do anything about it
My (19F) sister (31F) told me I either break up with my boyfriend (29M) or I can forget about her
Donating sperm to your ex baby mamma.??
What would you do?
WHAT
What would you do?
What would you do?
I (24 f) virtually "met" a guy (25 m) and then things got weird. Is it stupid to wait for him?
I (f23) stopped speaking to my mother(f51), is it a good idea?
I (24f) virtually "met" someone (25m) and then things got complicated...should I wait for him?
What would you do?
Are there any 23+ people that have never been in a relationship but you’ve had situationships and partners?
I (25 F) am thinking of moving back in with my parents rather than continuing to live with my boyfriend (26 M). Should I?
Girlfriend Bikini
I (17M French) can't bring myself to leave my boyfriend (21M British)
My (27F) daughter (10F) is extremely upset about her brother (0M) circumcision and she is angry at me because of it - help?
Will I be okay?
Should I feel guilty for cancelling plans?
I (22M) really hate my girlfriend’s (22F) parents
My SO is silent about anti racism and I’m trying not to be offended
My (19M) Target disaster with gf (19F)
I tried to be friends with my ex but he basically catfished me, what should I do?
I feel like my neighbor [F/37] is taking advantage of me [M/40] and my neighborly spirit. The latest episode of her using my apartment without permission has my head spinning.
I (25 F) am thinking of moving back in with my parents rather than continuing to live with my boyfriend (26 M).
how to go back to being friends after falling for your bestfriend ?
My ex reached out, why did he do this and how to respond and if so what with?
My (19M) Target disaster with gf (19F)
Should I [21f] end things with my [24m] boyfriend because of Quarantine?
I (f/19) recently lost (once again) all my feelings for a really nice guy (m/20) that liked me back, for no apparent reason. Can someone explain why this thing has happened more than once and why I can't find a way to finally like someone without living in fear of losing feelings once again?
I (M20) want to break up with my girlfriend (F19) but she doesn't. Won't stop crying and threatens to self harm. Advice needed.
I (M20) and my girlfriend (F20) recently broke up after a heated argument. But she doesn't really accept the break up and talks about it everyday on the phone and keeps crying. Today she threw hints as to how she would do something to herself but wouldn't blame me. I need advice.
When to break up
Should I [21f] end things with my [24m] boyfriend over Quarantine?
I think relationship are not my thing
I [23F] am uncomfortable with my BF’s [24M] modding habits. Should I address this with him?
I (16M) feel like my girlfriend (16F) doesn’t wanna be in the relationship
how to go back to being friends with your bestfriend after falling for her ?
I (36 F) can't get over him (42 M)
Single people of reddit, even though you always complain and want/ask for a relationship, have you ever tried being in a relationship with someone(or be interested in them), but out of nowhere, you lose every single trace of feelings that you had a few days ago?
I (25F) am an abuser in relationship stuck in mental hospital after maniac episode
When to break up
Can you help by being a part of a great birthday surprise?
I [20M] have no idea where I am at with my crush [25F] and how to proceed
What do you do when you move on from an ex, and then start catching feelings for them again?
I [F19] don’t know whether to break up with him [M24] or stay and keep working on it
How to Address A Neighbor Who Takes Advantage of Me
22gf misses her ex please help
My boyfriend has really bad nose bleeds. He refused to get it looked at. I (26F) am at a loss.
What is it supposed to be like long-term?
Why do some people get even angrier when I stay calm/look emotionless when they yell?
how to fo back to being friends after falling in love with your bestfriend ?
Is being engaged before moving in together asking too much?!?
I think my gf has been drugging me help
My (23/F) father (47/M) thinks I may not be his child
Should I end it
how to go back to being friends after falling in love ?
Am I (20F) being abusive and controlling to my boyfriend (23m)?
How to text her more often, out of the blue? And does she like me?
No-Label Dilemma
My brother [M21] won't do his chores unless I[F22] ask him to do them first
I've (31F) started to resent my boyfriend (32M) since our move.
I (M,21) have massive trust issues and its ruining my relationship with my gf(f,22)
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) told me that I should be more passionate with him one day after a big fight.
No-Label Relationship Dilemma
Movies w Healthy Relationships
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) told me I should me more affective with me, one day after a big fight we had.
Movies with Healthy Relationships
Looking to apologize to someone. I have no way to contact this person. I only have their name.
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) wants me to be affective after a huge fight, and I don't know what to do.
Trust issues are ruining my relationship (m,21) (f,22)
How do you know when to walk away?
How to text her more often, out of the blue?
My [M18] best friend [F18] and crush confessed her feelings for me, but it’s not gone well since.
How should I (F23) support my boyfriend (M24) after his father's (M59) death?
Need advice on trying to come out and live with gf
I'm (M27) in an 7 year relationship (F25) but still think about a girl I used to work with (F25)
Toxic friend
how to go back to being friends again after being in love with your bestfriend ?
Advice on how to live with girlfriend with non supportive family
I'm (M27) in an 7 year relationship (F25) but still think about a girl I used to work with (F25)
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
Did she read the message or not?
Toxic friend
Was message to wife of cheating husband read?
Me(20f) being really insecure about myself and having an sociall anxiety is making my bf(25m) tired (maybe?)
How do I (20m) tell a girl(24f) I just started hanging out with she is a rebound for me
should i (22F) cut off my friend (21F)
I’m stuck
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
How should I (F20) support my boyfriend (M20) with OCD?
overprotective: good or bad?
21F need relationship advice
I (24F) need a break from the depressing stories - please share your positive relationship experiences! :)
My Mother Thinks My Boyfriend Sent Me Fashion Magazines As A Way To Get Me To Dress Better
Do girls actually like nice guys!? Also why do they always take it slow with them?
Girlfriends sex drive
wlw, polyamoury break up
HELP: I'm (F24) in love with my best friend (M24) and can't tell if he feels the same??
Broke up with my bf (21 m) of a few months and asked after when we can start talking again. (25 f)
Started back communicating
Did I [32M] make things awkward with this woman [35F]? Or am I fine?
Broke up with my boyfriend (21 m) of a few months (25 f)
Need a break from the depressing stories - please share your positive relationship experiences! :)
She texts me but won’t meet up in person :/
Red Flags: Toxic people tactics for emotional abuse
She texts me but won’t meet up in person?
I (16M) am looking to ask out my crush (16F) but I’m really struggling with how I should do it.
I'd like advice from anyone with OCD/dating someone with OCD?
Red Flags: Toxic people tactics for emotional abuse
Texting me but won’t meet in person?
Secretive boyfriend..
I(20f) feel like my boyfriend (22m) doesn't like playing games with me
HELP: I'm (24F) in love with my best friend (24M) and I can't tell if he feels the same??
Looking for advice on how to not have such negative feelings about my wife’s past
Girlfriend said I “emotionally neglected” her because I did not call her before her doctors appointment today. Please help.
How to get my ex/bestfriend back?
I (20f) feel like my long distance boyfriend (22m) doesn't like playing games with me
my [20m] girlfriend [18f] posted nudes on reddit despite promising me not to
Me [29M] with my girlfriend [30F] of 8 years, is not the same person I met.
My (23f) boyfriend (26m) is convinced his friend in prison for something terrible is innocent-to me it feels unlikely
I (16M) am looking to ask out my crush (16F) but I’m really struggling with how I should do it.
My boyfriend and I have been having troubles ever since quarantine started.. need advice (21F)
My [17 F] twin brother(m also 17) is having lies told about him and his reputation ruined because of his body type preferences. I want to help but i dont know what to do.
My boyfriend will not let me go
I (32F) am a fairly politically outspoken person and my husband (33M) asked me not to comment or post in our local Facebook group because his co-workers might see it.
I (22F) want to leave my boyfriend (22M) as I suspect he cheated on me with the same girl who started “rumors” of him cheating on me with her - if that isn’t obvious
I (22F) want to leave my boyfriend (22M) of 5 years but don’t know how
I [20M] caught my girlfriend [21F] cheating with some random guy
Aspy sister [11 F] suffered something traumatic and hasn't communicated verbally in over a week. Is there anything I [24f] can do for her?
My family is racist and I don't know how to handle it. Please Help.
S/O cheated on me
First Time Couples Therapy-Virtual [27F/29M]
How to move on 24F
S/O cheated on me
Fiancé is more attracted to other people than me
First time couple’s therapy [27F/29M] Virtual Session?
My [17 F] twin brother(m also 17) is having lies told about him and his reputation ruined because of his body type preferences. I want to help but i dont know what to do.
The relationship between my (20F) sister (29F) is completely ruined
how to move on?
How to move on from a toxic friend?
My long-distance bf [M24] can't listen to me [F27] without an opinion. Is this the end of the relationship?
My fiance [M/31] gets stressed so easily and it puts him in a bad mood to the point where I'm [F/29] always dealing with it and being treated like it's my fault?
Why did you cheat?
Me (28f) am at a loss with husband (37m)
I’m stuck
Tips on how to handle my conservative Arab mom after telling her my bf is moving in?
[30F] Found out I got Herpes, which I have a phobia to. Fiance [30M] not emotionally supportive. LDR
I’m stuck
Father's jealousy
Should I (30m) forgive the drivers who hit my mother (58m) ?
Told my Christian Arab mom that My boyfriend is moving in august
I plan to breakup with my boyfriend today, but maybe just for a week.
I (35/f) am seeing a repeated dating trend right now and I don't know how to approach it
My (19F) little sister (16F) spends a lot of time alone with an older male friend (23M). Should I be worried?
Something as simple as coloured contacts could change a guy?
[26F] Found out I have Herpes
Should I (30M) forgive them?
Teeanage attractions
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
My (f30's) coworker (m40's) refuses to talk about our mutual crush
Feel insecure about girlfriend checking out a popular cosplayer for a gaming character she likes. What can I do to deal with it? (23M) (22F)
My (30f) mother (55f) is insisting on coming to my doctor appts with me.
My boyfriend of almost 3 years acts single on social media
My (30F) mother (55f) is insisting on coming to my doctor appts with me
Coping
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else
I am very saddddddd
I (21F) just saw him (26M) with someone else...
Our move to the US is going brilliantly for him and awfully for me. We’re discussing coming home but how can we make this decision when we are having such polar opposite experiences with no obvious compromise?
Apologizing to my Ex-Best Friend
Apologizing to my Ex-Best Friend
How to feel more comfortable with my partner keeping a gun in the house?
what do i get for my one year anniversary
I (24F) met someone (24M) online, then in person, and don’t know how to move forward
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] doesn't make eye contact and it bothers me
I feeel verryyy sadddd
My first Gf
My first Gf
I feeel damn saddddd
Is a relationship a competition?
My first Gf
My (24M) girlfriend (22F) talks way too much, how do I get her too shut up sometimes?
Asking for advice
Know Your Worth
Know Your Worth
my (21 f) boyfriends (27 m) new roommates are really loud when having sex and im not sure how to deal with it.
How can I feel more comfortable with my partner owning a gun?
Asking for advice
Need advice what should I do.
!!Need help!! Damage payment problem
Boyfriend (24M) ghosted me out of 2 year relationship (23F)
Know your worth
Know your worth
Processing a toxic relationship years later
Boyfriend (24M) ghosted me out of 2 year relationship (23F)
Just an advice: Know your worth
Processing a toxic relationship years later
Is it possible to like someone with little communication?
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) is very logical to the point where I am left unsure
I [25M] feel guilty for not wanting to date [24F] SO
Why should we keep it as secret or private?
I keep questioning the relationship every couple weeks.
I [27 M] know my friend [26 M] cheated on his gf [25 F], he only told a select few people, he later broke it off "due to quarantine and distance".
How Do You Handle Controlling People?
Cheating Brother-in-Law
sign to get better with conversations or are we just drifting apart?
My (M, 20) best friend (M, 21) stabbed me in the back years ago and I still can't get over it.
My partner wants to move to be near me, but I’m feeling pressure!
I have social anxiety and my bf wants me to meet with his friends, i am so nervous and afraid to loose him bc of my anxiety
I want to post asking advice about a potentially emotionally abusive girlfriend (23), but I’m scared.
How do I (20M) tell a girl (24f) that I just started hanging with she is a rebound
I [25M] feel guilty about not wanting to date [24F] SO
How to builder deeper and stronger friendships?
Roommate ignoring other roommate
Boyfriend starts and stops sex whenever HE feels like?
I [25M] think I am asking a girl [24F] to be my gf out of guilt
Ok, my dad (M50) finally did it. It's so uncomfortable.
How do I (20M) tell a girl (24f) that I just started hanging out with she is a rebound
How Do You Handle Controlling People?
Is being in the same "IQ range" a must or I just don't love her?
WAS I (21 F) sexually manipulated by my friend (22 M)
I (28M) am confused about my relationship/situationship with someone (26F), and I’m looking for advice on how to proceed.
How do I(20M) tell a girl(24f) I just started hanging out with, that she is a rebound
I recently asked a girl out and she asked me to give her a few weeks to decide. I don't whether know Should I be worried or not?
Love Fest
I’m hanging out with my crush tomorrow but I don’t really know what we would do due to the lockdown. Anyone have any ideas?
My recent ex has been going to my gym
I (25F) am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (23F). Lack of romance, mental illnesses, and unsupportive families are causing me to worry about our relationship.
My boyfriend (26F) has been caught on Tinder
Quarantine sealed the vault to my engagement forever
My (28F) boyfriend (26M) shuts me down when I show passion or emotion
I (25F) am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (23F). Lack of romance, mental illnesses, and unsupportive families are causing me to worry about our relationship.
After a break-up, should he still be going to my gym?
Leaving a toxic relationship
Boyfriend starts and stops sex whenever HE feels like?
My Best Friend Wants But Cannot Feel Romantic Love?
Can I get an f in the chat
So I have this story where to help my wife get even for me accidentally kissing my whore college friend on new years eve, I allowed her to kiss one of her coworkers just once while I was there to monitor it. Yea. It turned out into a disaster, proving again "Nice guys" are manipulative snakes
HELP
My (m24) Best Friend (m25) Wants But Can’t Feel Love?
HELP
How does the new coronavirus spread? As of now, researchers know that the new coronavirus is spread through droplets released into the air when an infected person coughs or sneezes. The droplets generally do not travel more than a few feet, and they fall to the ground (or onto surfaces) in a few
I need advice.
I (30f) don't know if I should end a longstanding FWB (25M)
My partner wants to move for me, but I’m feeling pressure!
Do i deserve to have a brake every once in a while?
My (19 F) Boyfriend (19M) can’t understand that we are not the same
I need advice.
Do I deserve to sleep in and relax?
Is it too soon to be thinking of marriage?
I [25m] am thinking of breaking quarantine in nyc to hook up with a girl I met on tinder. One of my roommates is immunocompromised. Not sure what to do.
I (28F) broke up with my BF (31M) and regret it everyday.
I [25] am thinking of breaking quarantine to hook up with a girl I met on tinder. One of my roommates is immunocompromised. Not sure what to do.
How soon is *too* soon to consider marrying?
Tl;DR : Am I [19M] okay to approach situations with [18+F] by teasing?
I [19M] want to know if I am being rational of how I want to approach [18+F]
Two types of people
How can I (19f) get my sister (7f) to be nice to my mother (50f) and stop being defiant?
I (25F) caught my boyfriend (26M) on Tinder.
Partner can't handle me anymore, wants to take break, talks to other people more than talks to me
Am I overthinking?
I’m upset that my boyfriend told me one of his friends called me “big” and he that he also didn’t defend me.
My bf [26/M] of 9 years can’t face the things he’s done and it’s frustrating me so much when I [26/F] try to have a conversation about it
My (30sM) mother (60sF) was scammed. She lied to my father (60sM) about it for months before he found out. Now their relationship is in tatters, how can I help them repair it?
Girlfriend re-framed my sentence in a negative way and not accepting the truth.
Am I overthinking this?
SO slept with best friend and I want to know how to salvage the friendship?
Boyfriend (M26) is becoming unbearable
Roommate’s overnight visits during pandemic
My girlfriend [22f] kept calling me [21m] by the first name in bed last night. What was that about?
My girlfriend [21F] kept calling me [21m] by my first name in bed last night. What was that about?
Is it ever morally okay to communicate your weight preferences to your partner?
Roommate no longer social distancing after meeting someone new, I’m not comfortable with it
I want to make my boyfriend's mother feel bad?
ways to get out of your breakup distress
My gf used my finger whilst asleep to look through my phone
My girlfriend is blaming me for all of our past problems and gets triggered over it every other day
I want to make my (22f) boyfriend's (24m) mom (~60f) feel bad?
My boyfriends mental health is just getting worse and worse and idk how to help him
How to breakup with someone cleanly (F20, M25)
I (18f) cut off a bad friend (18f) but now it's her time of need and I don't know if I should help her
I (28m) am not sure on how to move forward with my relationship with my gf (29f) when it seems the past just keeps on messing with us.
Am I (20F) being controlling and needy to my boyfriend (23M)
My (30) boyfriend (32) seems to be in frequent contact with his ex’s family but denies it
Boyfriend (23M) of almost a year is upset with me (23F) because of my reaction to BLM and the protests.
How can I [25 M] fairly discuss my apprehension to my girlfriend [24 F] of four years about her plans for a tattoo
I feel bad impending breakup
My boyfriend (23M) keeps getting upset with me (23F) about my reactions to BLM movement and the protests.
My [27F] partner [30M] of 5 years refuses to move in unless my business succeeds
Can therapy solve my problems ?
boyfriend slept with someone before we were exclusive and gave me an std
Was My Boss in Love with Me?
Should I reach out to my father or wait for him to apologise?
GF did nude photoshoots
Does it mean anything that my (25F) husband (26M) has started exercising?
GF did a nude photoshoot
How do I (25F) go about telling my boyfriend (27M) of 2 years that I quit my job?
Did I Miss the Signs?
Advice needed: should I reach out to my father or leave it?
Did I Miss the Signs?
I(19F) am having a hard time beliving my 8 months LDR boyfriend(26M)
What is the biggest problem that you were able to overcome in a relationship?
A message to myself (23f) post breakup: day 7
I (f19) feel like i might damage my brother(2) with how i’m helping raise him
He (M,32) calls my (F, 30) opinions/feelings dumb,stupid. Is this okay during an argument?
I [23F] love my girlfriend and I don’t think she [21F] loves me as much
I don’t have any confidence and I am depressed
My ex wants to keep in contact. Should I do it?
While broken up my ex slept with my arch enemy
He (M,32) calls my (F, 30) opinions/feelings dumb,stupid. Is this okay during an argument?
While broken up, my ex slept with my arch enemy
I [25M] was dumped by my cheating ex [22F]
While broken up, my ex slept with my arch enemy
My boyfriend (23/M) is moving to another state on Monday and I (21/F) am trying to prepare for long distance
I (23m) hate my girlfriend’s (25f) friends
I (23M) have completely fallen for a girl (23F) who sends me mixed signals, has a boyfriend, and makes me go completely brain dead. Now I live with her and desperately want help figuring out what she wants and what I should do.
How long do I [f/26] wait for things to get better with partner [m/29]? (not abusive)
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues and is abusive (pt 2). I can't help but feel I should have stuck by and helped her more with her problems.
I’m in a relationship with a man 28 years older than me
I 23m) hate my girlfriends (25f) friends
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues and is abusive (pt 2). I can't help but feel I should have stuck by and helped her more with her problems.
I (23M) have completely fallen for a girl (23F) that is in a relationship, she knows how I feel and still asked me to move in with her.
My [46F] daughter’s [15F] 16th birthday is coming up in a month and I would like to torture her a bit
My (24F) BF (23M) searched for escorts in our city.
I (26F) need advice on talking to my sister (21F) about her weight
My (24F) BF (23M) searched for escorts in our city
My friend wants us to hide our friendship due to his GF's jealousy
Need a reality check, my [31F] SO’s [27M] best friend [20’sF] never makes an effort to know me
I am nobody’s bestfriend
Reasons why I (25f) want to break up with my boyfriend (23m)please give me advice
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] deleted me off of an app, but I feel like he’s not honest.
My (24f) husband’s (27m) brother (24m) won’t admit he’s often the problem
I (28M) Have recently felt like spicing up my intimacy with my wife (29F) but don't know what to try
I (22 F) am not sure if I want to see my boyfriend (24 M) post quarantine
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] claims his broken screen deleted me off of a social media app but i think it’s for another reason.
Pissed off.
I (27F) can’t cook for my SO (30M)
Close friend gets into a car accident with me. Puts a strain on our friendship.
15m having issues with friendship regarding my 15f friend
Any advice on this? Car accident.
Any advice on this relationship? Car accident.
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] swore at me after making a light-hearted joke; was I just being insensitive or are there deeper problems?
My BF (M25) is intimidated by my vibrator.
I [18/M] clowned and made a joke about my best friend’s [19/M] mom [40s/F]. I am visiting him soon and I don’t know if I should apologize or act like it never happened?
Who’s the cook in your relationship?
Something to think about.
My (25) boyfriend (24) is scaring me with some of his political views
My [28F] boyfriend [28M] doesn’t think what he’s doing is hurtful/wrong, so I’m doing it back to him.
Female friend (26) being for demanding for very small, unimportant looking things. Don't know if I (F28) should fight her request and get blamed for causing trouble for no apparent reason or try to find excuses for why I will not do what I'm being told. Is she trying to establish dominance?
Fights over setting boundaries with my [28F] gf's [24F] parents [65]
People in relationships have an overly high opinion of themselves
wondering if this is normal?
My boyfriend doesn’t think what he’s doing is hurtful/wrong, so I’m doing it back to him.
How do I tell “Sarah” (f20) I (M21) dont wanna face time but I am still trying to pipe
Verbal bullying
Verbal bullying
Need advice on mental health affecting relationship
People in relationships have an overly high opinion of themselves
Is it possible to if I’m showing signs of not ready to be in a relationship but love the person so much?
My Boyfriend (M24) doesn't understand why I'm (F19) afraid of fleas
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) sent nudes to another girl
FWB acts like a boyfriend but mentioned he doesn’t do relationships
Do I (19F) need to tell my BF (21M) that I'm having second thoughts about our relationship?
Years later, I just realised my weird and wimpy ex boyfriend was a complete creep, and I dont know what to do
I think my gf doesn’t love me as much as she used to. Im in pain. When I ask her, she doesn’t say anything.
Why is it that most people are straight Or have straight relationships?
I (23M) fell for a girl my bestfriend had sex with. ( very long post, sorry )
New roommate is an alcoholic
Love lost with wife, need help
Umm what does he want?
Girlfriend of 5 years wants space to think, "confused"
My (30sM) mother (60sF) was scammed. She lied to my father (60sM) about it for months before he found out. Now their relationship is in tatters, how can I help them repair it?
23M Lost in what to do in his current situation with his GF
My wife is doesnt want to hang out with me
New roommate is an alcoholic
Love lost with wife, need help
I (f/29) was choked and forcefully made out with by old co worker (m/35). Idk what to do
How do I (19F) talk to my boyfriend (20M) about my past?
I (25f) want friends but feel limited because of relationship
Should I (26F) pay a greater portion of the grocery and takeout bill than my boyfriend (26M)?
Mom (60F) was scammed and lied to my dad (60M) about it. Their relationship is falling apart, how can I help them repair it?
I (25f) desperately want friends but feel like I can't in relationship
I (23M) fell for a girl my bestfriend had sex with. ( very long post, sorry )
Should I ignore these or see it as mild mental abuse?
concerned about my (21F) bf's (21M) remarks about different races
Can I trust my girlfriend after she’s done this?
Advice for my relationship found some text messages on her phone from her ex what should I do
I(19F) don't know how to tell my boyfriend (20M) about my childhood trauma
Advice for catching my girlfriend texting ex
I (35f) am sinking further and further into utter ruin with my despondent, lying, abusive boyfriend (36m)
For a friend (F27) - wants to leave ltr (7 years) but can't
Guy [22M] was very angry when I [23F] met up with him?
Girlfriends crazy parents (HELP)
I (31F) rejected my friend (27M) romantically again yesterday and he tried to kill himself tonight
For a friend (F27)
Boyfriend didn't talk it out.
I (16F) was harassed and my friend group (all 16F) is being inconsiderate of my feelings.
Am I 25f weird to be a little annoyed at my 26m boyfriend for getting coffee with his coworker?
One Side Love
One Side love
I'm so lonely
I am in a long distance relationship and i want to stop suffering from it! Need your help
My (25F) boyfriend (29M) is secretly using Tinder all the time to boost his ego.
My [21F] ex boyfriend [22F] saved my nudes without my consent when I was 16 and showed it to his friends. I found out 3 years later. What am I experiencing?
One Sided Love
My [21F] ex boyfriend [22F] saved my nudes without my consent when I was 16 and showed it to his friends. I found out 3 years later. What am I experiencing?
My (60M) Dad is threatening to kick me out unless I give him the name of my plug
Can someone please help me(22f) with how to approach my friend(23m)?
I regret.
Is it too soon?
Not really sure what to do - girlfriend said ‘we should split up’ then blocked me on everything.
Is it too soon?
Questions
Question
My (60M) Dad caught me smoking weed and is threatening (19M) to kick me out unless I give up my plugs number.
Lost my mom 2 months ago, feels like yesterday. How to cope with her lost hopes/dreams?
What did it feel like when you first met the person you’re with now?
I made a possible mistake
I [28/f] am new to dating apps and am having trouble figuring out if this guy [28/m] ive been talking to for a few weeks is into it or not.
I [19F] think I’m a pedophile
My boyfriend shaved his beard and HATES the way he looks
Is it a good idea to break up with bf of 8 years due to my low self esteem?
Pressure from parents, mom wants a grandchild [24]m
Is it a good idea to break up with my boyfriend of 8 years because of my low self esteem?
My bf shaved his beard and he HATES it
Is this snide sarcasm or did I misread?
I [24] is dating a [22] boyfriend who lacks emotional intelligence
I hate being single especially in times like this
I [19F] think I’m a pedophile
I (30f) accidentally got pregnant by a good friend's abusive boyfriend (31m)
If my girl kisses another girl, would it be the same as if i were to kiss another girl
I (F22) texted my boyfriend (M22) about my weight gain and he didnt say anything supportive.
Would it be a bad idea for me [33F] who practices strict social distancing to date a guy [39] who doesn’t do the same? We really like/care for one another.
Attractive best friend impacting my mental health
My (f17) brother (M21) and his gf (f17) are peer pressuring me into trying to smoke weed with them 😣😥
Game
My (f17) brother (M21) and his gf (f17) are peer pressuring me into trying to smoke weed with them 😣😥
My (21F) bf seems to not want me but he (20'sM) will not say anything.
Have I been catfished?
How to handle my boss?
Are my birthday expectations too high? what do I reply? (21F)
TL-DR Broke up with BF, Now showing intertest but being distant.
I (16M) can't stop crying myself to sleep
My bf [M/25] and I [F/24] fought about his extreme social distancing measures and now we're not talking. How can we solve this?
Advice on toxicity?
I (16M) can't stop crying myself to sleep and its hurting me
Do I wait a couple of months or just move on?
How to handle my boss?
My (23F) fiance (23M) doesn't want me to go to a hotel to cool off when were having an argument - I think it's a good way to cool off, he has his own opinions.
only admits feelings when drunk
Roommate getting gun despite me being uncomfortable
Only tells me feelings when he’s drunk and refuses to talk about it when sober
I can't stop crying myself to sleep and Its hurting me
my gf [20F] is struggling with her mental health and I’m [22F] having a hard time supporting her in the way she needs me to.
my gf [20F] is having a hard time with her mental health and I’m [22F] trying my best to be the partner she needs right now but I’m struggling with it.
How to let go of past family hurt? (21f)(50-55m/f)
I [M20] didn’t feel love until it was way too late with my LDR ex [F19]. How do I keep this from happening in the future and should I be able to move on quickly or not?
My gf is struggling with mental health problems and I don’t know how to help
I (20F) want to leave him (21M) for the third time. I fear that he has gotten more attached each time. How do I do this?
How quickly should I[M20] be able to move on? How do I know if I’m in love in the future? I’m so confused... [19F]
(25M) Obsessed over my ex a year later
I'm in an interracial relationship at a distance
Why is it that some people have never dated anyone before well into their adulthood? [Discussion]
I'm in an interracial relationship at a distance right now..
My relationship is interracial and I'm not sure what to do these days...
My boyfriend (24M) asked to see picture of my (23F) friend’s p*ssy.
I want to leave him for the third time. Each time he got more and more attached. How do I do this?
Why is it that some people have never dated anyone before well into their adulthood? [Discussion]
LDR : I (29f) gave my so (27m) a second chance after i confronted him about cheating.
Help? My boyfriend is keeping a secret from me.
When your boyfriend calls you lazy and a fat bi*ch even after losing 12 pounds (pics)🙃
He (39m) treats me (39f) so very poorly, but I am horrified by the thoughts of him moving on so I can't let go. HELP
Attractive best friend affecting my mental health
LDR : I (29f) gave my so (27m) a second chance after i confronted him about cheating.
What Should I do?
I(23F) need advice on how to have racial conversations with my (26M) partner.
Me (29m) and my gf (23F) in an LDR for 3 years
Am I a stalker? 23M (me) and 21F
Long-distance relationship my fiancee needs space and deletes me from FB
I (19F) love my boyfriend (19M) but I am not attracted to him. I think I need to break up with him, but I don't know how, or if I even should.
My (17f) boyfriend (23M) had some opinions on white privilege/racism that I don't know how to deal with.
Obsessed over an ex a year later
Uncomfortable with gf’s friend situation
I try to talk to my girlfriend about why she’s been acting distant and strange lately and it’s getting nowhere. I need advice on what to do..
I (27M) hooked up with trans woman (22F)earlier this week who is now living with me, my ex(27F) who just moved her things out and broke up with me at the end of last month called and wants to move back in, I don’t know what to do, please help
One of my ex boyfriends [21m] made me [23f] send him nudes. How do I get over the guilt?
Would it be cringey to sing my boyfriend "1 2 3 4" by the Plain White Tees as a little anniversary gift? [queue]
I (27M) hooked up with trans woman (22F)earlier this week who is now living with me, my ex(27F) who just moved her things out and broke up with me at the end of last month called and wants to move back in, I don’t know what to do, please help
Would it be cringey to sing my boyfriend "1 2 3 4" by the Plain White Tees as a little anniversary gift?
I (19F) love my boyfriend (19M) but I am not attracted to him. I think I need to break up with him, but I don't know how, or if I even should.
can anyone share their breakup stories?
"I (20F) keep losing my attraction/interest in my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship?"
Is it a red flag that my bf (31) has only dated girls 5-7 years younger than him?
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) doesn’t know if he loves me.
I (20F) keep losing my attraction/interest in my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship?
I (20F) keep losing my attraction to my crushes and I'm afraid it's going to affect my current relationship/friendship
Is it a red flag that my bf (31) has only dated girls 5-7 years younger?
Am I a crazy girlfriend?
She clogged up my toilet
Not making me a priority
I think I might be gay (F18)
Do I (23F) break up with my BF (22M) of 4 years during a transitional moment in our lives?
Do I (23F) break up with my BF (22M) during a transitional moment in our lives?
I [M26] cheated on the love of my life [F27] and hid it. I started a relationship with the affair partner [F27] and cheated on her too before breaking up with her. Now the entire truth has come out.
I [20M] really don't understand my girl-friend [19F] anymore. What should we do?
I am in disbelief and can’t even begin to process my BFs request and don’t know where to go from here.
Daughter cutting
ended it with partner because she discussed my insecurities with her friends
I (16F) don’t know how to cope with my mom (48F).
Am I the Problem?
[M26] I cheated on the love of my life [F27], broke up and started a relationship with the affair partner [F27], cheated on her too, and now the entire truth has come out.
I (32F) having some issues around treats with my husband (36M)
Boyfriend (22M) just told me (21F) that we are done because the same thing will happen every time? How do I show him it’s different this time?
How do I approach my bosses about passing me up on a promotion without letting me know?
I'm a 22 year old guy. I have never had a girlfriend, although I'm somewhat trying now. How do I go about it?
My [22M] BF keeps blocking me on twitter
My girlfriend(22) and I(23) broke up over temporary long distance.
Boyfriend (22M) and me (21F) of 9 years are currently either broken up or about to take a break, has anyone had this issue with someone long term?
How do I[22F] make myself feel safe in my relationship?
23[M] may have stalked 21[F]
My girlfriend(22) and I(23) just broke up over temporary long distance
How do I[22F] learn to feel safe in my relationship?
I think my FWB is in a relationship?
My (28F) boyfriend (33M) thinks I still have feeling for my ex due to unresolved anger towards him.
I [29m] just had to perform cpr on my brother [33m] and I feel like a terrible brother
Is it possible to stay friends after a breakup?
23[M] may have stalked 21[F]
My(27M) girlfriend (24) was extremely upset that I asked for space due to her being extremely overbearing and retaliated by blocking me on social media then having her friends block me on social media as well.
I [29m] just had to perform cpr on my brother [33m] and I feel like a terrible brother
My close friend(m) is hooking up with my dead friend's (ex) partner(f) and I don't know how to feel or what to do
My cousin[28F] burned a bridge with me[29F] to look good on her social media
Am I a stalker?
I don't trust my boyfriend but I don't wanna leave him
My cousin [28F] burned a bridge with me [29F] to look good on her social media
I (m26) am struggling with my gf's(F23) depression. Been dating for 1 year.
My [18F] Boyfriend [18M] seems to be avoiding me
30s f daugther with 60s f mother. How common is it for mothers to tell their child they wished they have never been born or wished they had died?
My (28F) boyfriend (34M) thinks I still have feelings for my ex.
My boyfriend [M30] refuses to talk to me [F29] about a problem we are having
How can I (20s F) discuss racial injustice with my parents (50s) as lovingly as possible?
Should I confess to my crush and possibly ruin our friendship?
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together 5 and a half years and he hasn't proposed yet.
I don't know how to help my relationship with my family and could use an outsiders perspective.
30s F daughter and 60s F mother. How common is it for a mother to tell her child she wished she was never born or wished she had died?
I don't know how to improve my relationship with my family and need an outside perspective
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together for 5 and a half years and he won't propose.
I [29M] get easily bored with everything... including the current relationship with my SO [26F], and it scares me.
When should a friendship become a relationship?
I [29M] get easily bored with things... including the current relationship with my SO [26F], and it scares me.
I still love you
My (25F) boyfriend (22M) moves out tomorrow. I don't know what to do
I (20F) am in a LDR with my bf (19M) and family/work and now C*vid has stopped us seeing irl regularly, how to avoid drifting?
Am I horrible for feeling jealousy towards my gf's niece?
I[25] am currently being lynched online because my friend[26] has been accused of being a serial ass smacker
Me (25F) and my boyfriend (22M) have been quarantined together. Tomorrow he has to move out. I'm terrified.
I am currently being lynched online because my friend has been accused of being a serial ass smacker
I don’t think I love my parents even though I want to! What should I do ??
Does your partner make you sad?
I don't know what a relationship is meant to be.
I (21F) want to cut ties with my sister. (17F)
Big argument with boyfriend over race
need advice on a break up cycle
Am I being emotionally abused?
a cycle of emotions.
break-up cycle.
Codependance
Does your partner make you sad?
Me (23) her (28) caught her in lie
Am I being emotionally abused?
My girlfriend can’t shake thinking she’s damaged goods for being divorced
My girlfriend thinks she’s damaged goods for being divorced already
My best friend did something horrible, can i still be friends with him
I (F21) want to cut ties with my sister (17)
Obsessing over partner’s past
My [31/M] mother [60/F] calls me to vent about the rest of my family taking precautions regarding COVID and shames me for not taking her side. How do I handle this?
Is it possible to make a relationship work despite having fundamental differences with your partner? (19F)
A racist I know just became a law enforcement officer.
am i in the wrong? please read
A racist I know just became a county sheriff.
I (28F) feel uncomfortable with my boyfriend (28M) sharing details about our relationship with his professional development group.
How do I[21F] reconnect with an old best friend[21F]?
I (28F) feel uncomfortable with my boyfriend (28M) sharing details about our relationship with his professional development group.
I don’t think my feelings truly and deeply matter to my boyfriend...
Friend (25f) telling outrageous lies about me (26f) to her other friends
Friend (f25) telling lies about me (26f) to her other friends
Friend telling lies about me to her other friends
Is it justifiable to prevent a family member from bringing her unvaccinated children to my wedding?
Guy [25m] asked me [25f] out and cancelled a few times. Did I respond correctly?
Asshole friend and a very very strange fallout
How can I (25F) let my friend (34M) know I’d be more than accepting *if* he were gay?
not willing to feel guilty, in this one
My (f14) mother (38) wont let me approach her about my mental health
not willing to feel guilty, in this one
She (26f) won’t stop using me (25f) as her therapist?
Would I be betraying my family if I changed my name to my step-fathers’ name?
Female (21) in 2 year relationship, debating on break with loml Male (23)- my first relationship
Not willing to feel guilty, in this case
Ranting about my ex F(18) with M(18)
Venting about my ex (sorry)
2 years relationship-high expectation-“breakup”
2 years relationship-high expectation-“breakup”
How to approach my (f14) mother (38) about my mental health
I [30M] got laid off today. My wife [31F] is demanding I only look for new jobs back where we used to live.
I (30F) am in a relationship with a VERY PICKY eater boyfriend (27M).
Female (21) in 2 year relationship, debating on break with Male (23)- first relationship
GF (25F) has been speaking to an ex. Things escalated this week. Now what?
Gamer Boiz
I(F25) found my mom(F63) chatting/sexting an old fling
I [30M] got laid off today. My wife [31F] is demanding I only look for new jobs back where we used to live.
I [28F] need to vent about my parents [60sM+F] and get a sanity check
3 years Relationship - high expectation-breakup
I (20F) am extremely insecure and I'm starting to get depressed. I fear my boyfriend (21M) will leave me for someone more attractive
I couldn't envision a future with someone I was in love with but I can with someone I've only known for less than a month?
My parents are pressuring me to help them buy a house, and if I don't they say I don't love them
I (30F) am in a relationship with my VERY PICKY eater boyfriend (27M).
Should I move on or contact her
I blow up way too easily over small stuff then I relax once I turned everything into a shitstorm
My parents want me to buy house for them, and if I don't it means I don't love them
Roommates and house repairs
People who have gotten back with their ex...
The way he (M25) holds me (F20) and treats me during sex is making me overcome with emotion.
Bf's family/friends still follow his ex. Overreaction?
I'm having trouble self sabatoging.
21(F) how do I stop letting my bad experience with guys ruin things with a guy who wants to be with me?
The way he (M25) holds me (F20) and treats me during sex keeps making me overcome with emotion.
My (29M) parents are worried about my lack of friends and relationships.
Has anyone had a similar situation with their relationship?
My boyfriend (24M) asked to see my (23F) friend’s p*ssy pic.
M[23]F[24] Moving forward as friends after breakup?
Bf's family/friends still follow his ex. Overreaction?
I (32F) don’t think the guy (33M) I’m dating is going to ever want me to be his girlfriend and I am devastated
What do I do? I’m anxious around my parents.
Dealing with abuse, and being an extrovert with all introvert friends
How can I (28F) explain to my roommate and best friend of 10 years (30F) that I can't afford our rent and lifestyle?
On and Off
Do I (29F) ghost him (30M) or explain myself
Any success after taking a break/ breaking up?
Bf's family/friends still follow his ex. Overreaction?
Boyfriend feels disposable because kids are my dealbreaker
Is my boyfriend breaking u with me?
He feels disposable because having kids is my deal breaker
Is my boyfriend breaking u with me?
Is my boyfriend breaking up with me?
Dumped out of the blue months later his mom wants to get coffee after I swiped left on ex
My girlfriend wants me to have a threesome with her and another guy. I'm straight and not comfortable with that. She has been withholding sex ever since.
My boyfriend changed and I don’t know what’s happening?
I (20M) am having trouble starting a conversation with a girl from school (19F)
ghost or explain?
I (20M) am having trouble starting a conversation with a girl from college (19F)
how do i (M 18) go about sex for the first time with virgin girlfriend (F 18) who was raised in a christian conservative household and was constantly verbally abused by her super conservative mom?
My Girlfriend is very mentally ill/toxic and I’m not sure how to deal with with it.
I (M24) am losing my mind over this girl (F22)
My (23F) boyfriend (27M) taking a mental health break?
Leaving an abuse relationship
M t4t5g
Slowly breaking up with best friend
Roommate is clingy and a bit creepy, neglects hygiene, seems unstable, and has weird habits. Now it seems like she's trying to leverage being friends with her to improve her habits.
I (25F) think my boyfriend (28M) might have high functioning autism?
My[25M] girlfriend[38F] very concerned about her age?
Comparison
I [27m] helped my girlfriend [25f] and an amazing job, she now makes more money than me and is acting if she is a better engineer than me. And she acts as if she did it all on her own.
Leaving a toxic relationship
How To Break Ties With Very Very Close Friend With Mental Illness?
My [25M] girlfriend [19F] like to go out to eat, but it's getting expensive
My (F26) boyfriend (M23) removed our relationship status off of Facebook behind my back
My [25M] girlfriend [19F] likes to eat out a lot, but I end up paying a lot of the time
Feeling completely lost after me [M22] and my [F19] broke up.
Husband wants sex but doesn't care that I don't orgasm
My Boyfriend Hates Me
My (18M) parents (54 M + F) are pressuring my girlfriend (28F) and I to terminate her pregnancy. They talk to me every day about it and I want them to stop.
My friend, now ex but we are very close still, has crohns... he uses it as a way to gaslight me into feeling bad that he ignored me for hours to days on end
I (25F) think my boyfriend (28M) might have mild autism?
i don’t like how close they are, it makes me really uncomfortable.
Can men and women just be friends?
My (28F) closest friends (26, 29, 32Fs) ghosted me a year ago. I miss them - can I reach out?
How can my parents (40'sM&F) and I (22F) help my sister (16F) change her self-destructive ways?
My (23m) dad (52m) is shoplifting and I need help confronting him
Why was this guy [22M] so angry when I [23F] met up with him?
Is there a way I (26M) can get my wife (25F) to compromise?
My (28F) closest friends (26, 32, 29Fs) ghosted me one year ago. I miss them - can I reach out?
Me (39F) and my boyfriend (32M) just had our first massive fight at our year anniversary celebration.
My fiancé [27M] and I [25F] never go out on dates anymore.
Me (39F) and my boyfriend (32M) just had our first massive fight at our year anniversary celebration.
He blocked me, yet again.
My 2 best friends are definitely in love 😭
How do I (35F) get my mom (72F) to stop sending forwarded content via SMS?
Is It Possible To Regain Trust After Emotional Cheating, If So How?
I (25/f) feel like I cannot break up with my long distance boyfriend (30/m) because I am his source of future happiness, a solution to his death anxiety and depression, etc. It’s taking a toll on my mental health. I feel guilty and “selfish” if I try to break up.
Is It Possible To Regain Trust After Emotional Cheating, If So How?
My (20f) ex bf/current good friend (22m) cut contact for seemingly no reason
Unhappily married...looking for advice
My (20f) ex bf/current good friend cut contact for seemingly no reason
I (23M) fell in love with someone (20F) who studies from abroad, she needs to go back but she has second thoughts
My (23M) GF (29F) talks about her ex.
I [28M] don't want to live with my fiancee's [28F] parents when we live together.
I am tired of my (23f) boyfriends (28m) ex FWB
Deal With A Breakup The Right Way - Do’s And Don’ts
My (20F) ex bf/current good friend (21M) cut contact with me for seemingly no reason
Me (26)and my boyfriend (25)can’t have sex for long.
Girlfriend is being (forced) to give the answer to tests and homework.
I (23M) fell in love with someone (20F) who is studying from abroad and she needs to leave, but she has second thoughts
Girlfriend is being (forced) to give the answer to tests and homework.
I (30f) was raised by divorced parents and struggle with low self-esteem
I (F22) am becoming numb to my bf (M25)
I (F22) am starting just to feel numb to my bf (M25)
I (30m) don't know how to plan/do things with my wife (39f) who is starving for quality time
How do I (M27) as a rationale person, help my emotional GF (26) with her dad having cancer?
Lockdown marriage proposals
Best Dating Sites
Help me go through with a breakup
I (35F) am looking for advice on how to improve my relationship with mom (72F) before it's too late
I (23F) Havent seen my bf ( 24m) for 5 months and now that were reunited Im feeling so strange and anxious around him. Did anyone else ever experienced this ? cause I feel like Im going crazy.
Help me go through with breaking up
How should I cut contact with my depressed bf?
My (17M) gf (17F) has some serious mental health issues and i don’t know how to help
What signs did you have that it was time to move out of your parents house?
How can I (26F) be less 'boring' in order to improve my relationships with others?
My (M30) partner of 7 years (F34) just bought a dog instead of paying for a divorce
What signs did you have that it was time to move out of your parents house
bf doesn't wanna do things
Should I end things
My (M30) partner of 7 years (F34) just bought a dog instead of paying for a divorce
Why do I always end up with confirmation-desperate men?
My friend gets extremely jealous if we do anything in our group without him
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) has a tinder “just for friends”
possibly cutting of my best friend
My (25M) friend (23M) is spiraling downwards and Im not sure what to do
The Hidden Dildo
How do I meet a boyfriend
Confusing ex
The hidden dildo
My boyfriend keeps using the Tinder secretly to boost his ego.
Always ending up with confirmation-driven men - why?
My [F30] mother [F56] still treats like like I’m a child
Avoidant, Aromantic, ROCD... maybe just unconventional?
Was the way I (25f) broke up with him (25m) messed up? He was emotionally abusive and I took all my stuff while he was at work.
Husband [25m] will not take my side [26f] in disagreements with others
UPDATE: My (19F) boyfriend (29M) got mad at me while in his car and made me walk home in the middle of the night
Confusing ex
Husband (25m) is rarely on my side (26f) in disputes with others
How do I (23F) get over my irrational anxiety about physical intimacy with a guy (23M) I've gone on a few dates with?
How do I [f/26] stay strong and break up with my partner [m/29] whom I love deeply but who doesn't make me happy?
I (20M) am stuck in a shitty home situation
How do I (23F) get over my irrational anxiety about physical intimacy with a guy (23M) I've gone on a few dates with?
I (24f) is trying to leave my gf, need advise!
How long have you waited for someone to cool off before speaking to them again ?
Thinking About It
I (24 F) left my boyfriend (25 M) after almost 8 years.
How can I get rid of toxic “simps” for a new relationship?
how to get over heartbreak (19m)
My [15M] girlfriend's [17F] parents think I'm too tall for her?
I (24 F) left my boyfriend (25 M) after almost 8 years.
how to get over heartbreak
I (F17) got asked out for the first time
I thought I found my Jim and Pam relationship, but I guess we were just Eric and Donna.
TL;DR My dad (40 M) keeps embarrassing me (16 F) in front of people, degrading me and telling me I'm stupid.
My bro won't talk to me anymore
It's okay to have off days with your partner
My dad (40 M) keeps embarrassing me (16 F) in front of people, degrading me and telling me I'm stupid.
I’m troubled over my boyfriends views on LGBT children.
I want to get rid of toxic people, afraid of backlash.
Fiancée (29F) anxious over my (29M) weight loss. What do?
Is flirting cheating?
My (18F) very religious immigrant parents hate me for having sex with my boyfriend.
My friends do stuff without me all the time.
I (27f) have been talking to (25m) for a month now but I’m the one that keeps making the initiative not him . Is he messing around with me.
My wife [41F] and her job
Abuse... I guess?
My wife [41F] and her job.
I ( 27F) have been talking to (25M) for a month now but I’m the one making the initiative not him doesn’t that mean his messing around.
How do I (23F) ask my boyfriend (37M) if I can move in? I literally live with him.
I really need an explanation for this.
On and Off
I can't get past that my [22F] boyfriend [24M] masturbated to women we know IRL while we've been dating.
How to I (29F) trust my fiance's (M31) word over my instinct?
Thinking of breaking up with my (34F) Fiance (36M) while grieving my mother....
Why hasn't my (23F) boyfriend (37M) asked me to move in yet? I literally live with him.
My (18F) very religious immigrant parents hate me for having sex with my boyfriend.
How to I (F29) trust my fiance's (M31) word over my gut?
I really need an explanation for this.
I (22F) don’t know how to bring it up to my boyfriend (25M) that I feel like he should be more thoughtful.
Is it ok to flirt with randoms online? I’m f(38) bf is m(46)
I (24f) is leaving my gf (28f) and I need help
My [M35] relationship with my GF [F33] has become toxic
Is it normal to flirt with random strangers online when you’re in a monogamous committed relationship? Twitter, Facebook, etc...
My dad and stepmom are angry at me (16f) for having inside jokes with my friends about their drama at home
I (23M) fell in love with someone (20F) who studies from abroad and she has to leave, but now has second thoughts
Need to get my head out of my ass...
I [23M] fell in love with someone (20F) who is studying from abroad and she has to leave, but at the same time she doesn't want to.
Girlfriend's sexual fantasies are starting to involve her friends?
UPDATE: My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a huge family problem.
My [M35] relationship with my GF [F33] has become toxic
List of red flags I've collected as a 15f-34f
WIBTA if I continue the „affair“ with my former stepbrother ?
I (33F) cannot shake this gut wrenching anxious feeling out of my stomach (1 year relationship w/29M)
Pandemic fight with my (32f) Dr. Bf (31m) of four years
WIBTA if I sleep with my former stepbrother ?
UPDATE: My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a huge family problem.
He blocked me on everything, yet again
My partner (30F) has been denying me (32M) sex.
Why are tiny uncurvy Chinese girls [20sF] with a school boy sort of bodytype so sexually irresistible to heterosexual men like me [25M]?
Thinking of breaking up with my (34F) Fiance (35M) while experiencing grief of Mother.
10 years together and now separation
I've Turned into Casper the Ghost to my Co Worker and I Don't Know Why
I (M45) feel like my adopted nephew (M14) is a burden
I [26M] work with my Father [64]. He just told me he wants me to refer to him as his name instead of the way I address him (Dad).
My (32f) bf (31m) and I are fighting. Please help! :(
I [M20] looking for relationship
I'm (32f) in a "fight" with my boyfriend (31m)
Lost job living with roommates
Questioning everything.... PLEASE HELP! 32F and my 31M boyfriend
Fiance in a bad spot leads to tears and us not talking.
I (43F) am struggling with my almost adult son. I need some perspective and advice.
Should I talk with my fiancée about my self image problems
When's she gonna come????!!!
Me (18M) and my gf (19F) are looking for advice to spice up our playtime in the bedroom
I(43F) am struggling with my almost adult son. How do I manage this behavior?
My almost 18yr old teen and his behavior is making me question my parenting
Among other problems, boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him, he says I don’t love him otherwise I’d give me a second chance
Among other problems, boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him, he says I don’t love him otherwise I’d give me a second chance
Should I talk with my fiancée about my self image problems?
Among other problems, boyfriend cheated on me so I broke up with him, he says I don’t love him otherwise I’d give me a second chance
Me (18M) and my (19F) girlfriend are looking to spice things up in the bedroom
My gf(21) doesn't want to send pictures anymore to me (22)
I (M17) am struggling with social skills & relationships. Would appreciate some advice!
My boyfriend faked that he was asleep just so he could go out and ignore me and says he does this all the time.
M18 and F19 need some advice in the bedroom
10 years together and now an official separation.
My (24M) mom (56) is terrible it at so many things and when pointed out, she cries
Can a 4 ever be happy w an 8
My boyfriend is lazy when it comes to working... how can I motivate/encourage him?
How often do you call/text with your online best friend?
Why are tiny uncurvy Chinese girls [20sF] with a school boy sort of bodytype so sexually irresistible to heterosexual men like me [25M]?
You should judge people on personality
I don't feel the same way about my long term partner anymore
My (M28) BF (M34) of a year recently came out to me as sex averse and I'm honestly having a hard time adjusting as we are constantly renegotiating boundaries. I would appreciate any advice.
My (20M) girlfriend (21F) meows (like a cat) all the time and it's getting on my NERVES
My dad lied about buying me a LG Grand laptop and I felt betrayed and embarrassed. I confronted him and asked him if my laptop was real. He continually told me it was real. I think I embarrassed him. How do I apologize to my dad and make this situation better?
My girlfriend (21F) meows (like a cat) all the time and it's getting on my NERVES
I (31F) been with my OH (33M) for 12 years. I still love him, but only as a friend. How do I tell him. He is unaware I've been having these feelings.
I don't think I love my partner anymore
I’m (23F) mad at myself (sometimes)
I don't think I'm in love with my partner anymore
Can depression cause someone to break up a relationship?
I’m mad at myself (sometimes)
How can I (26m) get my ex (29f) to stop sending me money?
Am I racist for this?
TL:DR Am I obsessed?
My (16f) boyfriend (17m) is severly depressed and im wondering if i should leave or not
Obsessed? Currently single and dating multiple women. All 3 know I'm not exclusive and see other women. All 3 say they love me but 2 really show it. They treat me like a king and anything goes in bed.
I think I just need to write this to be over it
lost a best friend and boyfriend all at once
My bf (M18) broke up with me (F19) and I want to get back
(21F) Let me be your virtual girlfriend
Lying partner??
Should I move on?
How can I (23/F) support my boyfriend (22/M) with the loss of a friend while stuck in lockdown?
Worried about my parents and my siblings
My(f 28) boyfriend (m 28) watches too much porn?
My ( f 28) boyfriend (m 28) watches porn too much.
How much porn is too much?
my bf (M18) broke up with me (F19) and I want to get back w him
My (24F) BF (23M) wants me around for the weekend before his FE Exam instead of go out of town. I can’t think of a compromise.
I (F 29) just found the guy ( M30) is divorced from a girl in my community
I (23F) have been acting like an ass because of depression, said shitty thing, straw that broke the camels back, burnt out dad (53M) threw my stuff down the stairs and broke my shit in a rage of anger, what do I do?
Toxic relationship = hard breakup?
Husband (26M) and I (26F) disagree on me applying for a new job
My (26M) fiance (25F) is super jealous of my very close relationship with my twin sister (26F) and wants me to have less contact with her
I (20,f) broke up with my (19,m) boyfriend and I’m not sure how I feel.
Toxic relationship=hard breakup?
I (20,f) broke up with my (19,m) boyfriend and I’m not sure how I feel.
Flirt with a NSFW-built AI, never has a headache and answers 24/7!
How do I [f/26] break up with a good man [m/29] who's deeply in love? (long)
I don't know what to believe, how do I find out if my girlfriend cheated on me?
How can I (23/F) support my boyfriend (22/M) with the loss of a friend while we're stuck in lockdown?
I'm (30F) new and alone after moving for a job, I don't know how to make it through this isolation
I don't know what to believe, how do I find out if my girlfriend cheated on me?
Anyone else feel like they are doomed to be alone?
Advice for me (17m) for online dating with my (17m) boyfriend?
Advice for me (17m) for online dating with my (17m) boyfriend.
Advice for me (17m) on online dating with my (17m) boyfriend?
How do I get my best friend to forgive me?
a complicated situation
being used?
I (24f) feel like I’m being taken advantage of by the company I work for
Why does a person say "I'll never hurt you" to their partner when they are probably going to do it?
being used.
Are toxic relationships worth saving? My ex (23M) and I (25F) keep messing things up.
Me 33F her 26F ended too soon
being used?
Is my boyfriend (23M) being mean or am I (23F) overreacting?
Husband wont let me have a bad day
Should I (21F) have broken up with my BF(27M)? Is he redeemable?
I [27f] think I'll have to quit my hobby because my ex [36m] has the same one
Was my (22m) first relationship with my girlfriend(20f) unhealthy?
How do I (F18) tell my parents (M45, F40) that I'm ready to move out?
Will he miss me>
I don’t know how to act with my best friend since she had a kid with her abusive boyfriend
Should I (21F) have broken up with my BF(27M)? Is he redeemable?
Husband wont let me have a bad day
Am I unhappy with my relationship or am I just unhappy?
Are toxic relationships worth saving? My ex (23M) and I (25F) keep messing things up.
Husband wont let me have a bad day..
Boyfriend (23m) broke up with me (24f) after three years, one month before we were to start grad school together. Don’t know how to navigate this and prepare for school.
Will my ex miss me?
Timing Proposal with Police Academy
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
I (M 31Y) recently had a break up with my fiance (F 33Y) ending a two year relationship 9 months after her mom moved in.
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
How to meet new people who genuinely understand you
Husband (20M) Got Into A Fight With My Friend & Destroys My (20F) Gaming Collection:(
Long Distance Funeral Advice
How to meet new people who genuinely understand you
How do i ( m 23) get past this? (23 f)
My (26M) fiance (25F) is super jealous of my very close relationship with my twin sister (26F) and wants me to have less contact with her
How to meet new people who genuinely understand you
How to make new friends with people who genuinely understand you
How can I [20F] stop holding a grudge on my boyfriend [20M], who was very toxic, but now has made a positive change and makes me the happiest person?
How do get past this?
How to make new friends with people who genuinely understand you
I'm (20f) the third wheel of the friend group
Long Distance Funeral Advice
I (35F) found out my husband (34M) has been looking at women online and messaging them.
Where’s the line?
Cramped apartment, working from home blues
19M How do I get my parents to see me as an adult ?
Cramped apartment, working from home blues
How to stop holding a grudge on my boyfriend?
My boyfriend (31) of 5 years told me he didn't like me (28)
I don't want contact with my little half sister but my family insists I have to
How do I (27f) get over my friend (32m)
I'm (20f) the third wheel of the friend group
Hot and cold
Me and my bf broke up but now he wants to take it slow, is he using me?
Me and my bf broke up and now he wants to take it slow, is he using me?
Hot and cold with me
My ex is hot and cold with me
My (42 M) Wife (53 F) told my daughter (10 F) she would punish her because of her feelings. I think this is abusive.
24 (M) and 21 (F) conflicted about whether to pursue LD
Boyfriend and me (30) come from slightly different backgrounds and he doesn't seem to want to get to know my family as well as I know his. Is this a deal-breaker long-term?
How do I (23f) cope with being outcast from my family due to false accusations by my brother? (25m)
Why does she [20?/f] have to act like his [19/m] mommy and make him delete me [22/f]?
Trust issues or genuine concern. Your opinion on which one would be appreciated
My [21F] stepsister [16F] is a brat and it's driving me crazy.
My (42 M) Wife (53 F) told my daughter (10 F) she was going to punish her because of her feelings. I think this is abusive.
Trust issues or genuine concern. Your opinion on which one would be appreciated
19M, I wanna get a tattoo, but my parents would disapprove. What do I do ?
He (21m) thinks I'm(19f) perfect for him, but im thinking I should dissapear from his life, of come clean.
GF[24f] of 6 months almost cheated on me [22m] and told me about it
I(29M) Am Wanting to Pick Up my SO's(26F) Hobby
Me [30 M] with my GF [30 F] of 2 years, intrusive racist thoughts and an interracial relationship
How do I (31M) tell my girlfriend (30F) that she's gained weight and get her to shed some pounds?
Am I giving her too much Control?
Girlfriend cheated on me
Difference to being Whipped and Respecting a Girl's Boundaries?
Conflicting political opinions...
Conflicting political opinions
My (25M) friend (23M) is going down a dark path and I dont know what to do
Advice (dating)
I miss my boyfriend
GF[24f] of 6 months almost cheated on me [22m] and told me about it
My (22 f) boyfriend (22 m) won’t let me be alone with his phone
Pandemic
My (21 f) boyfriend (21 m) will not let me be alone with his phone
Cannot find a Domme to take control of me
Gf says I’m clingy
Ex wont give me another chance as she doesnt think my change will be permanent.
My [26f] boyfriend [26m] never listens. Always zoned out. Getting frustrated
LDR and I’m freaking out, please help
Has Anyone Taken Up Their SO's Hobby After Meeting Them?
My (22F) Boyfriend (23M) sexted a random girl on Instagram
Ex wont give me another chance as she doesnt think my changes will be permenant?
I [28 M] always find that my female friends/colleagues spanning my whole life likes to underorder and share food.
(TW: self-harm) My partner cheated on me again and is subtly threatening to kill himself again after I leave him completely
Experimental Ambient Meditation Music
Experimental Ambient Meditation Music
My (22F) bf of just over a year (23M) sexted with a stranger on Instagram and I don’t know what to believe anymore
I w/18 have a 38 year old husband
(TW) I want to breakup with my cheating partner who has mental illness and is threatening self-harm if I leave him
I (15M) would like to hang out with a group of 13 year olds(F and M) without seeming creepy
Could someone with OCD/experience dating someone with OCD offer me some advice?
Was I out of order here or justified?
I (15) want to hang out with a group of 13 year olds without seeming creepy
Get Over Someone You Love- Here’s How!
Am I (27F) being controlling or is my boyfriend (30M) acting suspicious?
I do not feel in love anymore. We live together, what now?
Am I [27F] insecure or is my boyfriend [29M] acting suspicious?
Me (33F) her (26F) it ended too soon
I w/18 have a 38 year old husband
Are you supposed to tell your boyfriend you're getting an abortion even if he might try and stop you?
Broke up bc he didnt contact me
BF [25m] stubborn and narrow minded in his ideas about mental health
[TW/nsfw] [21F and 21M] is it rape?
My gf (F20) of 2 years serious relationship broke up with me (M22) with no real valid reason other than she just didnt want to be with me.. confusion ensues
Stuck between breaking up or staying in a relationship with my long distance depressed boyfriend (17m)
Should I be offended that my boyfriend would rather master-bate to release tension from work then to have sex with me when we live and work together
Girl shared a fb story with my bf should I be worried?
My Boyfriend would rather master-bate then have sex with me
F(26) with M(30) who lied about what he really wanted
A girl shared a story with my bf on Facebook should I be worried?
I (18F) don’t know if I like him (17F) or if I just don’t want to be alone. Thoughts?
idk whether to laugh or cry
Another girl shared a story with my bf on fb should I be worried
idk whether to laugh or cry
Broke up with my bf because he didn’t contact me
Boyfriend's(28M) friends are basically adult children and I(27F) cannot stand them
idk whether to laugh or cry
Feeling insecure with my long-distance boyfriend
I (18F) don’t know if I like him or I just don’t want to be alone. Thoughts?
I ( 23 f) have a relationship with my bf (29 m) since I was 17, I always have some doubt about us for our differences and after what I did I feel more sure about us but I feel guilty
My (23f) bestfriend (23f) hates my boyfriend and our fights are occuring more frequently. How do I resolve this without losing any of them?
F (26) M(30)- the future continues to be a problem and I don’t know what to do
I (26m) am scared to leave gf (28f) due to impotence.
Me (33F) gf (26F) ended it too soon
Gf says I’m clingy
I [M28] was seeing a girl [F22] who ended things with me, she now won't stop sending me memes!
How can I [25M] find a cute teen gf until my uni opens up again?
A close friend of mine (F<18) suddenly dissaperred on Instagram and I need help finding them
should i wait for her
My boyfriend (fiancé ?) is a soldier
Would my (20M) social status change if I let a friend (19M) see my girlfriend (19F) naked?
A close friend of mine (F<18) suddenly dissaperred on Instagram and I need help finding them
should i wait for her
My (18F) s/o (18M) and i have been through quite a bit and I think its becoming toxic.
Who here despises Liers and cheaters?!
Friends/FWB/Relationship/Friends?
A girl [22F] I was seeing, ended things and now won't stop sending me [28M] memes!
A close friend of mine (F<18) suddenly dissaperred on Instagram and I need help finding them.
Would I (20M) be beta if i let a friend (19M) see my girlfriend (19F) naked?
Im feeling lost.
My [21f] stepdad [48m] treats me like a child
Would I (20M) be beta if i let a friend (19M) see my girlfriend (19F) naked?
My [21f] stepdad [48m] treats me like a child
My (20 f) stepdad (48 m) treats me like child
My (21f) boyfriend (20m) claims to not feel any emotions towards me when I’m upset and I’m starting to doubt whether he loves me.
My boyfriend (28M) broke up with me (20F) because of drugs.
Why does he still lie to me and still keep secrets!!! Me like a dumb ass still be his Girl
Is she lying?
My (21f) boyfriend (20m) has always expressed how he doesn’t feel any emotions when seeing me upset when we argue.
Am I [18 F] overthinking about my ex boyfriend [19 M]? I'm thinking about how the relationship was more, and I'm unsure if I was sexually assaulted/emotionally abused or not
Boyfriend broke up with me after 2 years living together (Bc of drugs).
Should I tell him?
5 different love languages
My (29 M) partner (28NB) cheated on me with a person they told me “not to worry about”
How do I communicate better?
How can I (F20) help boyfriends sister (F21)?
Boyfriend wants to teach me a lesson
Probably a recurring sentiment; I'm growing to hate my long-time SO. Help?
How do I [M20] start to transition with a friend [F20] into more than friends? We've been friends for nearly 2 years now.
My [F30] gf [F29] is feeling insecure about our flatmate [F26]
Started falling asleep while on FaceTime, forgot that he was talking through a phone instead of right next to me, snapped back into reality and had an anxiety attack.
I (f23) started falling asleep while on FaceTime with LDR boyfriend (m24), forgot that he was talking through a phone instead of right next to me, snapped back into reality and had an anxiety attack.
Should I [M,20] continue to pursue him [M,28] or try to pursue someone else?
10yo me predicted my future girlfriend
What to say when Tinder conversation dies?
Racist friend?
My friend (16F) and I (16M) like each other, but her best friend (16F) likes me and my best friend (16M) likes the girl I like as well.
understand yourself before demanding to be understood by someone else
My friend (F) and I (M) like each other, but her best friend (F) likes me and my best friend (M) likes her (the girl I like). What do I do?
Is my [17/F] boyfriend [18/M] gaslighting me?
Losing my closest friends during lock down
Dad playing favourites led to a big row and I'm at a loss as what to do
I (21F) am losing my friends (22F) (24F) despite my attempts to communicate with them
I don't know what to do
I (21F) am losing my best friends (23f) (24f) despite my efforts to communicate with them and am becoming more depressed.
I (17f) have never had a "true" crush. Am I unable to form interpersonal relationships?
new discord server for singles!!
Me [52 F] with my husband_ [55 M] love, lies, or just too complicated?
Advice
My (26f) boyfriend (30m) is frequently telling me disturbing things
(TW sexual assault) How do I cut off my best friend who was complacent in my sexual assault?
Clubbing w/ partner
I feel (31F) trapped and confused about my relationship with my boyfriend (31M)
My sister [28F] resents me [25M] for having OCD
My girlfriend hates me now, and this entire thread is irrelevant. Not one time did any of you consider the other, unspeaking, defenseless person that I have ever even seen. So many posts are taking people for a ride and none of you care.
Lmao
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) forced(?) sex on me this morning. I don't know how to feel.
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) had (forced?) sex with me this morning.
Do you know?
I (F, 21) am cheating on my boyfriend (M, 21) and I can't stop.
My boyfriend (24M) cheated on me (25F) and I don't know what to do.
My(21F) friend’s(21M) girlfriend(19F) doesn’t like me and does not want him talking to me
Old guy (46M) in love with (47F) 3 months, but she's Married! Help!
Im(18 male) apolitical and my girl(20 female) is leftist. I love her but I really can't talk about politics
My (24f) boyfriend (31m) uses tinder to masturbate to
GF (24 f) is very upset I (25 f) made plans to hang out w/ best friend (28 f) two days before her birthday.
My [21f] boyfriend [21m2 doesn’t respect my “no”
I dont like political talks with my girl, help??
my gf's views
Political stances
The guy [30M] that I'm [25F] seeing has told me he's been having some bad anxiety days. Are these behaviours anxiety or just red flags/disinterest?
✨how to make them regret losing you✨
My best friend (29M) did not choose me (29M) as groomsman and I need advice/I'm upset
My best friend (29M) did not choose me (29M) as groomsman and I need advice
FIL is a serial prior when it comes to daddy issues
Controlling parents trying to threaten/control my [28M] healthcare and treatments - I need them to stop
My 'best friend' treats everyone the same as me.
My best friend (29M) did not pick me (29M) to be a groomsman
Help me out! I got a toxic friend problem.
And this is on Toxic friends. Guys, help me out on what I should do!!!
Pregnant possibly and my boyfriend wants me to get an abortion
I don't know what to do, Juliet.
My best friend (29M) did not pick me (29M) to be a groomsman
My (29F) Racist Ex (57 M) wants me back after he broke up with me for not being white
Wtf is i just need a girl lol (m15)
Why do I feel like I’m not ready to move on?
My boyfriend (26/m) totaled his car 2 days ago and has been ignoring me (25/f) ever since. I don’t know how to comfort him and I feel like our relationship is ending.
Why do I feel like I’m not ready to move on?
Managing co-worker relationship: The "big idea" guy.
Childhood trauma I’m really confused about
Help! 46(M) in love with a married woman 47(F)
This might cause the end of my (32F) friendship with my best friend (36F)
This might cause the end of my friendship but I can’t hold it any more
Does this mean he (27) still had feelings for his ex (?F)
Am I being too sensitive?
I was....
I (F21) have had a very long and complicated relationship with my partner (M22). Looking for advice and insight to the relationship, especially about coming out as asexual/demisexual to my family.
Three stories about my abusive ex (23/M)
Childhood stuff I’m really confused about
Am I (40f) being jealous and controlling when I ask my husband (41m) to delete all social media and limit friendships?
How to fall in love with my partner?
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events....
My(21F) friend’s(21M) girlfriend(19F) doesn’t like me and does not want him talking to me
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events....
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events....
Girlfriend [F17] off to college a year before me [M17]
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) has been distant because of current events.... Am I being insensitive and selfish?
Feels like I’m not even there to her
Not sure if my bf genuinely wants our relationship to be over or if he’s suffering from depression.
How to fall in love with my partner?
0 People Were Surprised by This Post
My boyfriend went through my phone and confessed months later
Ok, now what
How do you share your feelings of love towards your SO without worrying you’ll scare them away?
Apparently I'm emotionally unavailable
When's she gonna come?
not sure how to handle this business-related request from a friend
My (18f) roommate's (25m) gf (23f) says she's no longer coming over until he kicks me out?
When's she gonna come?
I (25F) am furious with my mother (56F) and don't want a big fight
I (F/38) feel insecure when he (M/40) mentions female friend
When's she gonna come?
I (25F) and furious with my mother (56F) and don't know how to handle this
When's she gonna come?
What’s the best anniversary gift you’ve ever been given or gifted?
When's she gonna come?
Should I (27M) lose my virginity?
My bestie keeps fucking married men.
I [24F] came out yesterday and my mom keeps wanting to talk
My now ex gf (23) of 3 months, told me (m23) that she no longer thinks shes ready for a relationship and is no unsure what she wants
WWYD: my boyfriend [24 M] "cheated" on me?
Is my friends GF in love with my BF????!!
Should I stay or should I go
Best friends GF in love with my BF??
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) gets upset with me when I disagree with him.
My (28F, white) boyfriend’s (28 M, Asian) views on racism and the protests
Ex boyfriend (29m) who had another girlfriend, is somehow still making me (29f) feel insane.
Should I be mad?
I’m worried about my relationship.
I’m worried about my relationship.
The guy [30M] I [23F] am seeing wants to keep it casual but then says and does things that make me think otherwise
Brother (30s) is asking mom (late 60s) to watch his 3 month old
My (29F) doctor boyfriend (32M) is politically apathetic and it's causing issues
Is it messed up that I would like to date someone who is "successful" or atleast has decent stable income?
Unsure how to handle my (28 white f) boyfriend’a (28 Asian M) take on the recent protest and racism
Thinking About It
I (23F) told him(24M) I need more love. He says he needs more space
Am I (20F) being a controlling GF?
Is this a fair argument or a false equivlence?
Please, please help me.
I can’t stop dreaming about my high school lesbian love affair 10 years after it ended
How do i fall out of love with ex ?
Best friend of many years is flaky/bad friend
I’m (F26) still in love with my ex girlfriend but I’m happily married to a man with a kickass kid
Should a guy bring up the talk to define a relationship?
Should I be mad?
i think my boyfriend is cheating on me
Bf jealous of my performance at the same job
I finally gave him back the keys to his place
But envious of my performance at the same job
Should I (M/25) break up with my (F/30) girlfriend because of my insecurities and fragile ego?
I've [27f] been crying 1.5 years over a relationship [36m]
When do I walk away from this marriage?
i think my boyfriend is cheating
An intern (F30s?) was promoted into a higher ranking position than me (F30) and I can't deal.
Only children who have moved away from their parents, how do you feel now? Me [35F] struggling to leave dad who raised me alone [74M]
i really need help / advise
Only children who have moved away from their parents, how do you feel now? Me [35F] struggling to leave dad who raised me alone [74M]
I rlly need help/advise
An intern (F30s?) was promoted to a position above me (F30) and I don't know how to deal.
I think I am in love with someone but
16M and 16F artists w/ criticism issues, dated for 5mo
Have you guys ever had thoughts before about a competition on a woman you like, has also another guy trying to pursue her [23F]? I'm [24M]
I want nothing to do with Trump supporters and it is affecting my relationships
I love my GF but
After moving in together, my girlfriend (23F) and I (23M) have been slowly drifting apart.
does this mean he’s falling out of love with me?
I (F 22) feel like my roommate (F 21) wants to ruin my relationship of 5 years (BF M 22).
I (23M) feel like my girlfriend (23F) doesn’t care about my feelings and our relationship is suffering.
My boyfriend feels inferior to me. What should I do?
In Love with One, Wanting Another
My bf feels inferior to me. What should I do?
My roommate (f) always tries to get my bf attention and it’s making me go crazy.
Need advice... Been with boyfriend for 5 years wants a threesome
For those of you who believe you’re in healthy relationships, can you provide some examples of the fights you’ve had with significant others and how you both have moved on from them?
I love my fiance
my dad drunk texting me calling me pet names like im a child makes me want to cut myself
I'm ashamed I let him convince me I was worthless for so long just based on my looks. Ending 10-year-long relationship F(32)
Seems like my (27F) relationship with my gf (27F) is in a rut
Affair has left me with a massive amount of guilt.
My boyfriend (31m) told me (36f) the timing is off and it makes more sense to follow a job instead of stay - how do I cope?
How do you get over a breakup?
Is it possible that my [20F] friend [20F] has depression judging by the weird poem she wrote?
What to do when your relationship feels like it's in a rut?
I don't know where this is going and at this point I am too afraid to ask
My best friend’s almost-boyfriend died suddenly and I don’t know how to help her.
What does this poem mean? Is my [20F] friend [20F] depressed?
Is my ex indirectly stalking me, or am I overreacting?
I don't know where this is going
I don't know where this is going
Boyfriend 34 wants a baby with me at 36
Is my ex indirectly stalking me? Or am I crazy?
Leaving a toxic relationship
I (F26) might have just rushed into a relationship without thinking. Need advice.
Priorities - Love versus Democracy
My [29F] brother in-law [34M] has been driving me crazy and I don't know what to do
I finally had sex with this girl i like
Father wants to talk to me
My[29F] brother in-law [34M] is driving me crazy and I do not know what to do.
My heart hurts
Am I in an abusive relationship?
Friend’s mom is a dying alcoholic and refuses help
Should I be concerned or upset?
Friend’s mom is a dying alcoholic, is there anyway she can be forced into inpatient/rehab?
Priorities - Fear, Love and Democracy
How do I make sure my anxiety and depression don’t impact on my family
Would I be wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend after one fight?
I (24F) am too self-conscious and insecure to date. It’s starting to really bother me.
(20F) Having a hard time getting over "ex" (23M) Any advice?
I [20F] feel like the third wheel in my parents' (MF, 50s) relationship instead of a family
(20F) Having a hard time getting over "ex" (23M) Any advice?
The end of a 2 year Relationship. Everything on my mind.
I (19M) met this dude online
Trying to come to grips with the fact my sons father (30m) and I (25f) are never getting back together.
how do i/should i tell him how i feel?
I [36M] am interested in a girl [35F] I've been talking to for a while, but I'm completely clueless about the meaning of her reactions towards me.
I've been cheating on my boyfriend with a man I've never met.
how do i tell him how i feel? help please
should i (f18) tell him (m20) how i feel? help!
I'm [29/F] having intrusive thoughts about the "one that got away" -- should I seek closure?
Feelings for his brother
Would I be wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend over one fight and him being clingy?
Feelings for his brother...
I [M/26] don't know if or when I should contact a girl [F/24] about our unresolved relationship issue.
Feelings for his brother...
I always feel like I viewed as wrong. And I always have to be the better person.
My(17) GF(17) just lost her father to coronavirus
Is He Afraid of Love or Does He Just Not Love Me?
Bf (almost 30) wants to apply for grad school after 5 years
Trying to come to grips with the fact my sons father (30m) and I (25f) are never getting back together.
Is this a red flag?
My (26F) bf (30M) wants to break up to see if he can do better than me
How long do you wait for a spark while dating someone before considering to end things?
I [26F] love my fiance [28M] so much but he's going to prison for 2 years and I am so conflicted on if I should stay with him or not
Do friendships work after a bad breakup? (M20) (F20)
What to do when your partner feels gross
How do I fall out of love? (m24)
Is there anything that I (17F) can do to convince my mom (60F) to let me have my devices back in my room at night?
Just found out my (M16) girlfriend (F16) was treated poorly by her ex
How do I fall out of love?
How do I (32m) deal with my girlfriend’s (32f) past engagement? It’s causing a lot of insecurity.
Is there anything I (17F) can do to convince my mom (60F) to allow me to keep my devices in my room at night?
Just found out my (M16) girlfriend (F16) was treated poorly by her ex
[24f] Neighborhood girl I met at the bar asked me over her house and then to sleepover. Cuddled in bed with her and asked her if she wanted to have sex, twice. Later apologized for being too aggressive after getting a follow-up date somewhat blown off, what do I do.
How do I fall out of love? [m24]
Is this an unreasonable question to ask?
My (F20) white boyfriend (M20) hasn’t said anything in regards to BLM or the recent protests.
[24f] Neighborhood girl I met at the bar asked me over her house and then to sleepover. Cuddled in bed with her and asked her if she wanted to have sex, twice. Later apologized for being too aggressive after getting a follow-up date somewhat blown off, what do I do.
We all know it's better to be single than in a bad relationship, but would you rather be single or in an average-quality relationship?
Is this an unreasonable request?
Can I [25M]bring this insecurity up with my S/O [26F]
I lost the love of my life because I was too afraid to grow up
[24f] Neighborhood girl I met at the bar asked me over her house and then to sleepover. Cuddled in bed with her and asked her if she wanted to have sex, twice. Later apologized for being too aggressive after getting a follow-up date somewhat blown off, what do I do.
I lost the love of my life because I was too afraid to grow up
Am I wasting my time?!
How do I (F23) handle the birthday of my boyfriend’s (M24) deceased family member?
my (19f) mother (58f) is so deeply unhygienic and i can’t take it anymore
She treat me like her boyfriend but I am not
I (M2x) don't know how to help my sister F(20) who was sexually assaulted.
Should I[M30] give her[F30] a second chance?
my black bf refuses to get involved in BLM movement
My boyfriend (who is half black and looks it) does not want to be involved in the Black Lives Matter Movement
Sleeping Around Before it's Official (27F)(27M)
Whats your definition of a “real” woman?
political and social beliefs or someone who challenges you?
I (F21) don’t like it when my BF (M32) looks at Reddit gonewild girls
What do I (28F) do about my husband's (28M) friends who don't like me?
How to ask for what I need in a relationship? [27F]
I (24F) don’t know if my boyfriend (25M) has a gaming problem or if I am the problem?
Is it better to be with someone who agrees with your political and social beliefs or someone who challenges you?
My Narcissist Ex
Sleeping With Others Before it's Official
My[22F] new romantic interest[23M] informed me my friend [23M] is probably a pedophile/had incest and idk how to handle it
My (24M) ex (21F) never deserved me.
How do I ask my (21f) parents if my boyfriend (21m) can move in
How do most relationships start?
White woman love letter to black man is this taking away from the community right now?
I (24F) don’t know if my boyfriend (25M) has a gaming problem or if I am the problem?
If my bf (25M) and I (24F) could be compared to a movie couple, what would we be?
F28 Missing my ex so much but cant tell him. Any advice?
Should a guy bring up the talk to define relationship?
I'm confused what to do with this girl, since I found another
If my bf (25M) and I (24F) could be compared to a movie couple, which couple would we be?
I'm obsessed with my boyfriend
How to deal with homesickness/guilt for moving out?
I'm obsessed with my boyfriend
Is this a good birthday present for my boyfriend?
Do you believe trust should always be told within a relationship no matter what ? (M,20)
Do you believe the truth should always be told within a relationship no matter what ?
Two types of relationships
I’m(31F) moving out from my fiancé’s (31M) house because he won’t stop doing drugs
Is this a good bday present for my boyfriend?
Two types of relationships
Two types of relationships
I’m (31F) moving out of my fiancé’s (31M) house because of his addictions
Broke his trust, PLEASE READ
Broke his trust, PLEASE READ
Is this a good birthday present for boyfriend?
I said something really horrible to my BF and broke his trust
Should I tell a girl I like her?
I don’t know whether I should break up with my (f17) bf (m17) to stop him from crying about me therefore saving him future pain
Too complicated-Life decision
My(25m) Ex(25f) say sorry I miss you
Is it over?
Is it over?
Ex(25f) says sorry i miss you(25m)
I(13M) have to get a restraining order on my birth mom and she might go back to jail and I am just really not ok.
Long distance Relationship - All you need to know about
Best friends like the same guy
Ever wonder if you're actually happy in your relationship or just settling?
In a love triangle with my best friend, fear of losing somebody that I love
TL;DR - my boyfriend cheated during one of his manic episodes..asking for some advice
Am I in the wrong for just wanting some more chores done?
Best friends like the same guy
Moving In With My Girlfriend
How do I (23F) tell my Asian parents I met my boyfriend (24M) on tinder?
How do I (29/F) express to my boyfriend (29/M) of eight months that a good number of his friends make me want to pull my hair out due to their backwards thinking?
Moving In With My Girlfriend
How do I (23F) tell my parents I met my boyfriend (24F) we met on a dating app?
Best Friends Like the same guy.
How should I have responded to this text?
boyfriend’s ex girlfriend is stalking my instagram daily
Am I being unreasonable?
I (M22) left my girlfriend (F22) not long ago, and she is trying to get me back and fix things. I think we could possibly work through our issues, but I feel like I need to be with someone else to see if I really want a relationship with her. Am I the asshole?
I (28F) hit my boyfriends (32M) dog out of rage.
My (25F) girlfriend (26F) is really trying, I am struggling to let go and forgive
how do I go forward with the grudge I hold against my SO'S mother?
Boyfriend cheated on me during bipolar manic episode, I’m not sure what to do...
Starting Over
Should I just give up on relationships
holding a grudge against my SO's mother
My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a huge family problem.
Surprise! I am attractive! But not to my wife.
Communicaton issues I(25f) cant identify/resolve with bf(26m) of 5yrs
Got involved in a love triangle with my best friend now i am scared to lose him completely
I [20F] don’t know what to do about this message I received about my [21M] bf
Starting over - where do I start?
Is it wrong to feel I (M22) need to experience what being with someone else is like?
UPDATE: I (17F) told my dad my mom cheated and now my whole family hates me.
After telling me (F34) he likes to have his own space, my boyfriend (M38) invited me to stay over again just four days later.
I [20F] don’t know what to do about this message I received about my [21M] bf
I [F/25] have been getting upset at a lot of things my bf [M/26] of 1 year does and chooses to do. Am I overreacting?
Is it crazy to message someone on another form of communication if they block your number?
Should I risk looking even crazier to give someone an apology?
UPDATE: I (17F) told my dad my mom cheated and now my whole family hates me.
I’m so confused of what to do
boyfriend’s ex-girlfriend keeps stalking my instagram
More than a year after the break up, lost all my self respect and I'm still hung up on my ex.
Should I make a move on a guy my roommate hooked up with?
My (F24) BF (M25) is not showing interest in me anymore
I (19f) have not gotten along with my step dad (41m) for years and he says to just "get over it". I've tried but i just can't
Me [M33] and my girlfriend [F31] are stuck about where to live
What can I [25M] do in the meantime until my uni opens up again and I can find a cute tiny Chinese girlfriend?
How do I [23M] fall in love with people for who they are and not my ideas?
How do I [23M] fall in love with people not ideas?
My (22m) gf (22f) of 4 years has a generally negative/difficult attitude that makes me feel constantly stressed.
I [M/23] noticed my gf [F/23] acting differently
I(28M) have been made to decide between my friend (26F) and my gf(31F).
I [M/23] noticed some suspicious behavior by my gf [F/23]
why can i (17 f) never just be friends with a guy? why do guy friends always have to fall for me?
My boyfriend(18/M) and I(19/F) got into an argument because he was muted and I honestly didn’t notice.
My step-daughter and her friends (F14) sexually traumatized my son (10) and caused a big family problem.
Friends starting their own group and said I overreacted when I found it
Girlfriend (20) hit me with the news that she just wants to be friends with me (m 20)
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
What is the best way to initiate a conversation about our relationship?
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
My boyfriend (M25) of 7 years won’t propose to me (F24) until I lose weight
She (44F) won't let me leave (48M)
My boyfriend(18/M) and I(19/F) got into an argument because he was muted and I honestly didn’t notice.
My (F22) boyfriend (M25) is a manchild
I don’t stand out from his exes
Pain during sex after he shaves his pubic hair
I don’t stand out from his exes
My marriage is deteriorating and I don’t know what to do.
Told me he loves me and took it back
Roommates are mad at me for not wanting to move 4 minutes away from my bf
Strategically, should I [M23] ask my "Girlfriend" [F18] to move in if I get the new job.
my (22f) boyfriend (26m) follows teenage girls on instagram?
Pubic hair dilemma
My boyfriend (M25) of 7 years won’t propose to me (F24) until I lose weight
Looking for general words of advice for a new LDR
Relationship problem
I (33F) want my husband (35M) to stop trying to solve all of his family’s problems
Am I over reacting or does it sound like my husband is up to something other than fishing?
31(m) who only attracts unhealthy women and dates but never had a serious relationship,
31 male who only attracts unhealthy women and dates but never had a serious relationship, who can relate? Any words of wisdom or advice?
Am I really just being insecure and overreacting or does it sound like my husbands got something more going on?
Found a past journal entry of my (27f) boyfriend's (35m) of 1 year that's causing me extreme worry
Would it be beneficial at all if I tell her?
Is it okay if I [25M] visit a strip club sometimes without telling my girlfriend [24F]?
Deepthroat Tips
Deep Throat tips
Is it bad if I [25M] want to visit the strip club while my girlfriend [24F] doesn’t allow me to?
Bf (31m) doesn't say what I (36f) need to hear in order to stay. What do I do?
People who got with the grumpy, brooding guys with a heart of gold, how'd it turn out?
How to move out when breaking up with your partner?
What’s your definition of a “real” woman?
My [26M] girlfriend [27F] keeps having miscarriage and it's destroying her
Was it immature of me to block my (F27) ex-bf (M27) from my public social media profile after 7+ months of being broken up?
People who got with the grumpy, brooding guy with a heart of gold, how'd it turn out?
People who got with the broody, grumpy guy with a heart of gold, how'd it turn out?
People who got with guys who are brooding and grumpy but with a heart of gold, howd it turn out?
How can I (M 19) support my SO (F19) when she argue with her parents?
TW: Sexual Assault - Advice is appreciated
I feel like my girlfriend F(19) still feels attached to her ex
How can I (M19) support my SO (F19) when she fights with her parents?
People who got with the brooding, grumpy guy with a heart of gold, how'd it work out?
Father(64M) is almost a stranger to me(25F) - I feel guilty
I need genuine advice on how to handle this
My (F17) good friend (F17) never initiates contact
I'm [32M] feeling guilty about leaving my partner [34F] when I know it's the right thing to do
I [29F] want a divorce, but still find myself wanting affection from my husband [30M]
I hate our apartment and my relationship is starting to crumble.
Boundaries with friends of the opposite sex
I’ve (22F) been dating my bf (22M) for 5 months. He doesn’t express his desire for sex or me when we’re apart (or together sometimes)
I [F20] wanted a break from bf [M19] because he spoke to my parents, but I'm not sure if I want to end things with him.
What's the easiest way to break up with and move out from my partner's place?
How do I (M/22) overcome deromity, introversion, virgin stigma to appeal to women?
How do I (M/22) go about overcoming introversion, deformity, virginity stigma to attract women?
How do I (M/22) go about overcoming introversion, deformity, virginity stigma to attract women?
My (F17) friend (F17) never initiates any contact
I’ve (22F) been dating my bf (22M) for 5 months. He never expresses his desire for sex or me when we’re apart (or together sometimes)
What's the easiest way to break up with him since we live together?
How do I (M/22) go about overcoming introversion, deformity, virginity stigma to attract women?
Dealing with a narcissistic bf
My GF cries over everything.
Long Term Relationship Ended
I (F18) ended a year long abusive relationship with my ex (M22)
I (20F) feel like I'm boring to my boyfriend (21M) and prefers spending more time with his friends than me
I (30sF) can't tolerate my husband's (30sM) ridiculous jealousy regarding our dog any longer
My (M26) sister (F21) is drinking herself to oblivion every week
Long Term Relationship Ended
I (F18) ended a year long abusive relationship with my ex (M22)
I (27M) was blocked from her (24F) instagram stories, but absolutely nothing else. She has left all lines of communication open. What should I do?
How do I make a move?
Sensitive topics
How do I get back into a relationship with my (M25) partner (F25) of 9 years?
Why?
Claiming it quesion
I (21M) just realized that I don't have any friends for support after breaking up with my ex (19F)
Guys what do I do? I (22F) have been asked to give my ex (22M) another shot.
Gf (23) doesn't know how to break up with bf (25) of seven years because he is in a bad place mentally
Guys what do I do? I (22F) have been asked to give my ex (22M) another shot
Need your help on this situation...
I (27F) am weighing getting back with my ex-boyfriend (25M)
Unsure what I (25m) should do if my (24f) doesn't get a job
How do I make a move?
Need your help on this situation...
Girlfriend (23) scared to break up with her boyfriend (25) of seven years because he might hurt himself
Wife's reasons for taking my last name only socially
I am a 18 F that is unhappy at home, parents make me feel useless
Should I Dump My (27F) Boyfriend (35M) of 6 years? Help!!
I [22/f] think he [19/m] was seeing her when he was with me. How should I tell her?
Should I tell my best friend her bf may have cheated?
My (28F) boyfriend (30M) thinks that our problems is incompatibility but I see signs of mental health issues
My (25F) girlfriend (26F) is really trying, I am struggling to let go and forgive
Not feeling desired by my bf, but we have a good sex life
How do I deal (40F) and cope with my aging mother (79F) and our massive personality/lifestyle differences
I [32M] am having issues with my common-law wife [24F] and our housemates
How do I cope (40F) with my extreme feelings for my mother (79F)
Am I being unreasonable?
I (40F) dislike my Mother (79F)
I dislike my Mother
Problems with Parents
My girlfriend (19F) treats me (20F) like I am a child
My (24F) girlfriend (24F) and I aren't on the same page about what's going on
Should I tell my best friend her bf might have cheated?
My friend (M14) hasn’t been completely honest to his girlfriend (F16) about some things. What should he do, tell her the truth or let the rabbit whole go deeper?
How to Make Women Melt like Ryan Gosling (Movie Scene Breakdown - Crazy, Stupid, Love)
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) broke up with me and I don’t know what to do next.
My (28F) boyfriend (30M) is in a downward spiral and I don't know what to do
How to navigate a friendship with my (F 25) ex (M26) when I am now in a serious relationship (M 30)?
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) broke up with me and I don’t know what to do next.
My friend (M14) hasn’t been completely honest to his girlfriend (F16) about some things. What should he do, tell her the truth or let the rabbit whole go deeper?
My friend (M14) hasn’t been completely honest with his girlfriend (F16) about some things
I[33M] Have discovered that I am in a child/parent relationship with my [31F] Wife. I am the child
[M34] If your best friend [F30] says they can't can't hang out because of the virus but they go out with with someone else are they really your friend?
"You should know me better than that. How long have you known me again?"
Im uneasy on dating a girl because of my parents
[M34] If your best friend [F30] says they can't can't hang out because of the virus but they go out with with someone else are they really your friend?
My friend (M14) isn’t being completely honest with his girlfriend (F16)
I'm (17M) not sure if this girl (17F) likes me or not and I need help to decide!
Relationship advice 35m and 32f
If your best friend says they can't can't hang out because of the virus but they go out with with someone else are they really your friend?
My boyfriend (24M) has a creepy relationship with his sister (22F)
Do I (F 25) have a right to be angry with my boyfriend (M 26) who got a girl pregnant while we were on a break?
Is my(28f) husband(26M) a racist?
(18M) (18F) Want to get back with an ex not sure how to go about it.
My [23F] anxiety is going to ruin my relationship with [24M]. Hiding it is making things worse, but he’s bad at comforting me. What do I do?
He (35M) and I (30F) have been through a lot. I'm not ready to let him go.
My boyfriend (24M) has a creepy relationship with his sister (22F)
If I can’t cope with my bf looking at other girls, am I too insecure to be in a relationship?
How do I [F16] convince my parents to move?
Ex (35M) has me completely stumped. Please help.
I (34M) just had an honest conversation with my gf (33F) about her prolific sexual past
Want to get back with an ex not sure how to go about it
Is this a sign to kiss her?
How can I (26f) discuss the current events with my racist father (60+m)?
If I can’t handle my bf looking at other girls, should I not be in a relationship?
I [47M] dumped my [32F] girlfriend earlier today
Silence during a phonecall: normal or weird?
I [47M] dumped my [32F] girlfriend earlier today
What do you guys think? (Social media related)
Mother [54F] wants to live with me [18F] after I graduate university
Need advice on telling my bigoted, aggressive parents that I'm pregnant with my mixed boyfriends baby.
How do I F[16] convince my parents to move?
Need Practical Advice for Breaking Up Casual Dating
I am feeling alone right now 😔
Endgame - what to do?
I (21M) am realizing that I don't have any friends or anyone to talk to after breaking up with my ex (19F)
Should I confess my feelings to a guy I’m seeing?
I (18 M) got rejected by a girl )18 F) that I liked. Does rejection mean she’s better than me?
My (28M) mother (61F) insists all of my future relationships will be bad due to our current relationship.
I [M/23] am suffering from anxiety with my [F/22] friend crush
My (34M) gf (33F) and I just an in depth conversation about her sexual past.
Pregnant and don't know how to tell my racist, aggressive parents.
Endgame - what to do?
Is my (31 F) boyfriend (42M) pulling back?
My [20] Girlfriend [19] still responds to old fwb and has them saved on her phone.
I am bothered by the idea of my FWB sleeping with someone else
My friend's wife is cheating on him and I don't know how to tell him
How Can I Get Her??
How patient must someone be when S.O. has a bad day? (I'm 25M, S.O. 26F)
[35/m] My girlfriend (38/f) cheated on me with a much younger man. What do i do?
Strange dynamic with new friend group?
My (30f) bf of 2 years (31m) avoids saying the truth and tells white lies because he is worries about how i will react to some things. But this latest example feels like one step too far. Was i in the wrong to talk about how it made me feel and will i learn to trust him again?
love
Anyone else disappointed as they get to know people better?
I (30 m) might have screwed up the most important friendship of my life.
I (23f) startle really easily and no one at work (f&m,20s-50s) seems to have gotten the memo
How can I get her?
Who else is disappointed when they get to know people better?
My boyfriend and I had a fight about him having naked pics of his ex, he deleted mine instead of hers because he was mad at me [30F, 40M]
I (30f) found out my bf(31m) was talking online to an ex again. Did i react badly and will i ever trust him again?
My bf (35m) choose work over me (28f)
I'm a virgin [26M] and found out of my gf's [27F] sexual history
I (30 m) might have screwed up one of the most important friendships on my life.
Friend [32 M] ended a toxic relationship with his Ex [28F] and it was liberating
Friend [32 M] ended a toxic relationship with his Ex [28F] and it was liberating
My bf (35m) choose his job over me (28f)
Not Over a Relationship When I Feel Like I Should Be
Am I too insecure?
What do I say to a friend who lost a job due to covid?
Not Over a Relationship That I Feel Like I Should Be
My bf (35M) choose his job over me (28F). Relationship length 5,5 years.
Is there a way to completely loose a contact after blocking them on WhatsApp to avoid temptation to unblock?
Boyfriend (m20) left me (m21) and I don’t know what to tell him
My bf (35M) choose his job over me (28F)
Had a argument with girlfriend(19F).
Does this mean he (27M) will break up with me (28F)
Is there a way to completely loose a contact after blocking them on WhatsApp to avoid temptation to unblock?
Is there a way to completely loose a contact after blocking them on WhatsApp to avoid temptation to unblock?
How do I [23M] break up with my girlfriend [21F] when she literally won't leave my apartment when I try?
Boyfriend (m20) left me (m21), I don’t know what to tell him
Would you date a single mom of one?
Breakup advice?
My boyfriend (38) scratches his dick a lot in front of anyone
I (24F) feel guilty about moving out of my parents (60M/60F) house?
I’m (24F) moving out of my parents (60M/60F) house and I feel immense guilt?
Should we take a break or break up?
I (33F) blurted that I'm pregnant to my husband (37F). I immediately came clean an hour later.
Wife and I have extremely different views on current events
WWYD - friend’s abusive fiancé is possibly trying to cheat and she’s in cognitive dissonance
I (21F) recently got my first cold sore. I feel very anxious about starting another relationship now, I don't feel like anyone will want me.
Whats appropriate here?
Are my parents toxic? What should I do?
Should we take a break or break up
How can I get my ex back while being friends?
Are these toxic qualities? What should I do?
Mom texting me about anniversary of dead dad. I don't care. How to respond? (F40s)
Was I sexually assaulted/emotionally abused in my past relationship??
Does cohabitation delay marriage in your experience? Boyfriend (32M) and I (29F) have been living together for 5 years.
Letting someome go
This gay guy (19M) I’ve (19M) recently started talking to just said something that has made me question what to do next.
Has my (30f) relationship with (30m) become toxic? Is it time to end it?
(F24) and (M23) - Uncomfortable with boyfriends female co worker
My (27M) have realised I spend all my time managing my girlfriend's (28F) depression. I feel exhausted and don't know what to do anymore.
How long do you have to date before saying "I love you"?
My (24f) boyfriend (32m) has faked the existance of a common friend
My (28f) husband (28m) really dislikes my grandmother (86f) and I don’t want to ruin either relationship
My [21F] best friend of 10 years [22F] has had rapid personality shift and I don’t know how to handle it
I’m (25/F) thinking of breaking off my engagement with my fiancée (25/M)
Why do guys text me and then not respond
Why do guys text me and then not respond
Difficulty getting along with person in friends group
Not sure if my bf genuinely wants our relationship to be over or if he’s suffering from depression.
Husband (55M) looks at NSFW Reddit every day
Why do guys always text me and then not respond?
Is my (21F) relationship with my boyfriend (21M) weird
I'm (25M) torn between two girls (25F and 26F)
My (F31) brother (M36) is ruining our parents (M,F60s) lives!
My (24f) boyfriend (32m) has faked the existance of a common friend
is the BIG question coming soon?!
I’m [M19] possessive, manipulative, clingy, and jealous of my best friend [F18] and don’t know how to change
I'm (25m) torn between two girls (25f and 26f)
I’m [19M] possessive, clingy, jealous and manipulative to my best friend [18F] and I don’t know how to stop
is the BIG question coming soon?!
How to tell my boyfriend I want to download a dating app just to meet friends?
My girlfriend [F35] has an issue with her foreign parents, and I'm suffering for it [M45]
Husband (55M) always looking at nsfw Reddit
My (26F) sister (31F) has emotional issues and I am wondering if I should cut her out.
My [21F] best friend of 10 years [22F] has had rapid personality shift and I don’t know what to do
All of the stress of *literally everything* has me (34M) somehow using sex as a coping mechanism. Except it’s the last thing on my wife’s (33F) mind. It’s driving me crazy, what can I do?
Too many NSFW posts?
My(22F) boyfreind(26M) of 3 years, has weird fsntasies...
Is my (21F) relationship with my boyfriend (21M) weird?
My(22F) boyfreind(26M) has weird fantasies
Is my (21F) relationship with my boyfriend (21M) weird?
My girlfriend [F35] has an issue with her foreign parents, and I'm suffering for it [M45]
Marrying your first love? I (F 23) want to marry my first love (M 24)
I (25M) am torn between two women (25F and 26F)
Marrying your first love? I (F 23) want to marry my boyfriend (M 24) and he’s my first love!
Marrying your first love/first bf or gf?
Break up after 4 years and she's just fine
Break up after 4 years and she's perfectly fine
23[F] who wants a relationship with someone both my sister and I like[d]
Sister wants me to visit, BIL is creepy
Sister wants me to visit, BIL is creepy
My (20) ex GF (20) texted me after a period of no contact. What should I do?
I've just been broken up with
The last few times I [M34] have slept with my wife [32] there has been an issue.
I don't think I love him anymore...
My ex is awkward to me at work
From my first relationship I learned I'm a pathetic pushover who needs to grow some back bone
I (34f) married my best friend (35m) and now he has no one to talk to.
Did I(31M) treat this girl(34F) immaturely?
My (25)M crush and friend (23)F is being cheated on
I (23, F) slept with one of my good guy friends (23, M) and now it's all confusing
My boyfriend (24M) doesn't talk to me(24F) for days in a distance relationship
Did I treat this girl immaturely?
Should I stop texting her?
How much of your stash do you share with a s/o?
My (34F) SO's (37M) repetitive habits are driving me insane
She reminds me of my ex-girlfriend SO much - do I call it off?
How to cope when your mum doesn't like you
How much of your stash do you share with your s/o
Coping when your mother doesn't like you
Am I settling?
Am I settling?
How can I stop feeling worthless just because I'm a kiss-less virgin at 23?
Finding out about secret apps and sexting 6 years and 3 kids later
Am I settling?
Am I just settling?
I[23F] have anxiety over learning my boyfriend's[26M] language
How do people even make friends in their 20s?
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) not paying his fair share of rent and utilities.
How can I stop feeling worthless just because I'm a kiss-less virgin at 23?
My [20F] boyfriend [19M] has terrible conversational skills.
Single (F29) and childless but want to be a SAHM
I[23F] have anxiety surrounding learning my boyfriend's [25M] language
Single and childless but want to be a SAHM
My (27m) wife (25f) left me and I am having trouble adjusting
My (32m) Girlfriend (32f) was engaged before and we want to get engaged ourselves. Does the past effect / devalue this?
M24, how does it work when everything has been split 50/50 with her F25.
My (27m) wife (25f) just left me and I am having trouble adjusting
Will she come back?
M24 How do break ups work when you've split most things half half with her F25.
Looking for advice to see if I'm wasting my time
Will she come back?
I’m not sure if it’s allowed, but this post is to give you advice.
Looking for advice to see if I'm wasting my time
My mom bugs me about not hanging out with ppl at uni
Trying to tell if I'm wasting my time
Is there something seriously wrong with how my ex (M19) acted towards me (F20)? Or am I being too sensitive?
My mom often bugs me about not hanging out with ppl from uni
Is there something seriously wrong with how my ex (M19) acted towards me (F20)? Or am I too sensitive...
"I (25M) and my girlfriend (26F) live together, but there is something wrong"
I (25M) and my girlfriend (26F) live together, but there is something wrong
Can't seem to fix this toxic relationship!
Will she be back?
My (F22) best friend is jealous of me meeting our and my bf's mutual friends [Long]
I think my (26F) white bf (29M) of 7 months has yellow fever...
Polyamorous relationship and struggling with mental health
I just wanna be sweet and mail my gf things
I think my (26F) white bf (29M) of 7 months has yellow fever...
I think my (26F) white bf (29M) of 7 months has yellow fever...
We're in a distance relationship temporarily but my (24F) boyfriend (24M) doesn't talk/text to me for days
Mental health and polyamorous dating
I think my (26F) bf (29M) for 7 months might have yellow fever..
My boyfriend seems to have no interest in being intimate.. how do I saw my relationship?
I could be falling in love with my Bestfriend
Best friend VS soulmate. What do I do?
I’m [24F] beginning to think I don’t even really like my friends as people. Where do I do from here?
Is it cheating, if when rekindling she says that even though I'm not ready to say it back, she considers herself to be my gf, introduces me as her bf, but goes and sleeps with multiple dudes?
My boyfriend(18) is very pro-life, even to the point of pro-forced birth. I(F17) am a victim of sexual assault and am casually pro-choice. I’m upset that he thinks rape victims should be forced to carry an unwanted child fathered by their rapist.
Only child and worried for mum (help)
Only child and worried for my mum (help)
Best friend versus soulmate? Who do I pick?
Share your dating story.
Talking to my ex, boundaries are very unclear
Is marriage counseling always worth doing?
My [20] girlfriend [19] still responding to her fwb.
On and off boyfriend of 4 years and my best friend... On the other hand, exciting person I believe is my soulmate. Who do I choose?
Is it cheating, if when rekindling she (23/F) says that even though I'm (24/M) not ready to say it back, she considers herself to be my gf, introduces me as her bf, but goes and sleeps with multiple dudes?
Should I (F24) change my relationship with (M23) from monogamous to polyamorous?
Trollop: In Love with One, Wanting Another
I feel like I am not seen as worthy of a long-term relationship by my partners. They stay and leave as soon as they find someone better than me and more perfect for them. Should I accept that I'll be forever alone? Is there really something wrong with me?
Should I tell my (16M) Dad (53M) that I might have ADHD?
Would you respond to messages from a fwb while in a relationship?
Dude who assaulted my (M20s) Gf (F20s) keeps calling after a year of fr not talking to him. Should I call him to stop?
Would you respond to a past fwb if they messages you while you are in a relationship?
My (26f) boyfriend (24M) is starting to go back to his old ways and I'm feeling stuck.
I feel no one needs me(23f)
I feel no one needs me (23f)
Extroverts Singles Phone Date, Finding It Tough to Interact, Here are 3 Ways to Learn
Is it cheating, if when rekindling she says that even though I'm not ready to say it back, she considers herself to be my gf, introduces me as her bf, but goes and sleeps with multiple dudes?
My (26f) husband (24m) may be back to his old ways, and I feel stuck.
Extroverts Singles Phone Date, Finding It Tough to Interact, Here are 3 Ways to Learn
Extroverts Singles Phone Date, Finding It Tough to Interact, Here are 3 Ways to Learn
Autistic brother is taking a toll on mental health
(31f)Confused and just found out not all women love anal when told by bf (28m) NSFW SERIOUS Only
32f and single for 7 years— is it too late?
Girlfriend of 3 years slight be giving up on our relationship. What do I do?
At what point do I (29 m) tell my friend (50s m) I'm not willing to keep this friendship?
Very toxic and Damaging Family
I [29F] Can Feel My Heart Being Ripped Out of My Chest
what should i do?
I [29M] need help please Reddit
would me (19m) dating this girl(22f) be a rebound? if she is- then what do i do we so stop acting romantic?
I (23F) have feelings for my bf (34M) but I am bothered by our age difference
I’m 32f and single for 7 years— is it too late?
Girlfriend of 3 years might be giving up on our relationship. What do I do?
My [30/M] long time friend [28/F] blocked me on IG for an unknown reason. How can I find out why?
I (23F) have feelings for my bf (34M) but am bothered by our age difference
Worried for both of my buddies mental wellbeing.
My [33 M] girlfriend [33 F] doesn't like her appearance or the sound of her voice, how can I be supportive?
I (19M) feel like I did something awful ):
It’s been years and I can’t stop thinking about what my ex did to me.
Brother is taking a toll on my mental health
How do I (20F) tell him how much I like him (26M)
Need help dealing with a bipolar friend
Need help dealing with a Bipolar friend
Did my [55M] former boss just hit on me[28F]?
(22y) Broke up after 5 years from a toxic BF, now feeling like i wasted alot. (LONG)
Am I (25) right to ask my dad (56) about the money he borrowed?
Does this mean he (27M) has thought about breaking up with me (28F)
Did my [55M] former boss just hit on me [28F]?
Older brother is taking a toll on my mental health
My brother is taking a toll on my mental health
My brother is taking a toll on my mental health.
nh
It’s been years and I can’t stop thinking about what my ex did to me.
help
My brother is taking a toll on my mental health.
9 short stories on love & relationships
Fiancé (42,M)and I (33, F) together 3 years, had a confusing time with planning our future wedding. Now, with Covid, all plans have been completely scrapped. He still wants to get married but doesn’t think a wedding is worth talking about at the moment because of the virus.
Break up stories
My (50F) friend (52M) is obsessed with his ex (28F)
N klkhmmk
I (24M) broke up with my girlfriend (20F) after 14 months to save her from my toxicity.
Unsure what to do?
My [37m] boyfriend drinks a lot and I [32f] am lost.
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) called me stupid and the things I say come out of my ass
I am feeling lonely after leaving a toxic relationship
Should I been seeing a guy whos wife has just passed away?
My boyfriend (23M) wants us to move again
At what point do you just stop trying?
I M[29]treated my ex F [29] poorly and I made a failed attempt to reach out to her and she sent me a message that made me feel bad about myself and I’m not sure how to respond
My flings son found about me hooking up with his dad
Husband on Bumble
My boyfriend (23M) wants us to move again
Mom (6? F) might be committing fraud, and I'm (22) not sure how to feel?
(f18) My ex (m20) boyfriend is verbally attacking me
I'm worried I'm going to fall for my friend again
My mother (50F) got caught badmouthing my (25M) wife (25F)
If my bf and I were a movie couple, what would we be?
Needing space from husband
Boyfriend told me he's going on vacation without me.
I'm not always attracted to my boyfriend. Is this normal?
Help on asking someone out.
Advice please! Husband won’t leave me the heck alone.
My [23M] girlfriend [23F] and I have been arguing for the past week and I can't work out if Im in the wrong.
My [23M] best friend [22F] is becoming increasingly depressed and distant and I don't know what to do to help her
I think my boyfriend [22M] just had a bizarre panic attack. I [24M] don't know what to do.
My (22/M) boyfriend of six months wanted to break up with me (22/F) over political views.
Wondering if I should move in with my guy friend
My [23M] best friend [22F] is becoming increasingly distant and I don't know why
I think my boyfriend [22M] just had a bizarre panic attack. I [24M] don't know what to do.
Facebook dating app
Help
I'm in love with my best friend but she's a lesbian
I'm in love with my best friend but she's a lesbian
Wife constantly causes drama over friend's gf, help
My (24 F) old FWB (25 M) has been coming into my work with his new GF (24 F) and I’m about to lose if.
My (18M) gf (23F) has a boss who likes her
What would've been our 1 year anniversary
How to deal with lack of intimacy during the pandemic?
How can I learn to forgive my (F25) bf M(26)?
How to deal with my(17M) brother(22M)?
My (23 F) guy friend (23F) sent me an expensive bouquet?
I reached out to my crush. It didn’t work out, but I’m proud and mostly at ease (19 M)
What’s your significant other’s hobby and how much time do they spend doing it?
I haven't spoken to friends in months and I don't know how to reach out.
Friends (married couple) refuse to give my gf a chance, advice
M(20) f(20) Lack of respect for privacy
Friendships at 25 years old (F)?
I haven't spoken to any friends in months and I don't know how to reach out.
How to deal with lack of intimacy during the pandemic?
M(20) F(20) Lack of respect for privacy.
Is privacy and freedom unreasonable?
My F(23) ex gf acting weird
What is a nice thing to do for two kind bailiffs I (33f) work with at the courthouse? (50f 50m)
Me [18 F] and my boyfriend [19 M] have been together for 8 months. He made an onlyfans, and I don't know if I should be upset.
My (23) ex-gf acting weird
What is a nice thing to do for two amazing bailiffs I work with at a courthouse right now?
Need Advice on How to talk to my Husband.
My brother (9M) is sending me (14M) into a state of depression.
My (27M) weird snapchat convo with ex (26F) ???
My brother has sent me into a state of depression
I can't trust my husband, and I don't know how to talk to him about it. (COVID-19)
He (21M) left me for his ex. Now I think he might want me back (21F)
I hung out with a guy I met on a dating app. I thought it went well but I haven’t received a text. Should I text him or just forget about it?
I reached out to my crush. It didn’t work out, but I’m proud and mostly at ease (19 M)
Why am I (21M) scared of committing to the girl (20F) that I actually do quite like even though this is what I have initially wanted?
He(21M) left me for his ex. Now I think he wants me back (21F). Need advice
Why am I (21M) scared of committing to the girl (20F) that I actually do quite like even though this is what I have initially wanted?
Should I be upset? My boyfriend made an onlyfans
My (27m) weird snapchat convo with ex (26f) ???
23 Male 22 Female (Need Advise on Breaking Up)
I hung out with a guy I met on a dating app and I thought it went well but I still haven’t received a text. Should I text him or just forget about it?
I just wish my parents wouldn’t be so hard on me.
I just wish my parents wouldn’t be so harsh on me.
(23M) (22F) Need advises
(23 M) Broke Up (22F) Need tips on moving on.
Female(21) trying to get over abusive male(25)
Strange snapchat contact with ex
I hung out with a guy from tinder...I thought the night went well but I haven’t received a text..should I try texting him or just leave it and move on?
[17M] Need advice on thinking of breaking up with girlfriend [17F]
Roommates girlfriend won't leave
my (20f) boyfriend (23m) is kinda dumb
i (20f) love my boyfriend (23m) but he’s kinda dumb
Sometimes not taking it personally puts things into perspective
Any couples ever tried a threesome..? (20M) , (20F)
My trauma makes me worried about the future
My (22F) ex?? (21M) and I have an extremely complicated relationship and I’m not sure if it’s worth ending or not.
How can I (22F) support my sister (19F)?
What do you consider the top signs that someone isn’t truly your friend?
How can I (22F) support my sister (19F)?
asdfasdfdasf
Overcoming loneliness after a breakup?
Overcoming loneliness after a breakup?
how do i (16f) get my guardian (58f) to cooperate with me, and accommodate my disabilities?
My [27F] Ex-Girlfriend Wants to Get Back Together With Me [29M], But I've Met Someone Else
My (22F) ex?? (21M) and I have an extremely complicated relationship and I’m not sure if it’s worth ending or not.
I need some validation and advice. Please help?
In what ways have you been trained by your SO? Is it positive or negative reinforcement? Do you train as well?
I(33m) was dumped by my GF(28f). Would like some help.
Finally realized why I'm always so defensive against my parents, what do I do now?
I Think My 14 yo Mentee is Pregnant
I (15M) had my room burned down by mistake and my dad is upset that my step dad bought me some stuff.
My girlfriend has changed so much in a bad way... What should I do?
My ( 25 F ) boyfriend (22 M) messages to other people
Is it a good or bad idea to let a 15 year old viist her mom Who is in jail for seven months?
My boyfriend told me he wants space. I'm confused.
I (24M) need help getting over/letting go
My [20/m] mom [49/f] cries on the phone daily about how much she misses me. I want to move on in life. What can I do?
My (20m) boyfriend says I (18f) ask so many questions
UPDATE: My (F/33) BF (M/35) keeps pushing me beyond my comfort zone in sex...
My boyfriend says I ask too many questions
My [20F] brother [22M] has a concerning coping mechanism for his mental health.
Got dumped today. I'd like to think it was mutual, but it probably wasn't. Would like an explanation.
My [20f] brother [22M] has a concerning coping mechanism for his mental illness.
My hot & cold friend
Struggling with my autistic girlfriend burnout
boyfriend talking to other girls
I (24M) have been getting annoyed at my Girlfriend (25F) for no reason. I don't understand, and I want these feeling to stop.
Do I [21F] cut my losses and move on or try to stick with this guy [22M]?
My boyfriend (27M) of 8 months wants me (25F) to move cross country to live with him. Opinions?
I'm (20F) not meshing well with my online friends (20-22F/M)friends(20-25F/M) they add on our server
My [F19] girlfriend wants me to get rid of a sweater my ex got me [M20]
Do I cut my losses and move on or try to stick with this guy?
Need some advice on how help my autistic girlfriend during her burnout
I (M22) was in an open relationship with the girl (F22) of my dreams but wasn't ready for the commitments of a closed relationship, she couldn't take it anymore and broke up with me. Now I'm extremely heartbroken missing her but still don't know if I'm ready to give up my single life.
I'm torn between the past and the present
Boyfriend is best friends with the girl he’s had feelings for.
Am I self sabotaging my relationship
My girlfriend (F15) just told me (M16) that she wants to move to another country for a colage
My girlfriend (F15) just told me (M16) that she wants to move to another country for a colage.
LADS help please
Lads I Need Help
Lads, I Need Help
Is it lockdown that’s killed my relationship or was it not meant to be anyway?
Feel like I’m in the wrong friend group but can’t leave because their the only friends I have. Any advice?
Boyfriend and messages
I feel betrayed...
I (37m) suspect my best friend (36m) has an addiction to spending money on cellphone games, alcohol, cigarettes, and other non essential items. I don't know how to help him.
Feel like I’m in the wrong friend group and I can’t leave because their the only friends I have, any advice?
I (30M) need to decide if my gf (39F) of 8 years is the one. Literally, the only one.
I [20F] met his [27M] parents on accident and I don't know how to talk about it to him
What is Wrong With Appreciating Female Features?
Will 3 weeks apart change how she feels about us?
I'm not sure how to feel about this
Maybe I'm just being a brat?
Gf is scarred from coercive ex
How can I [18M] get the therapy and help I need so that I don’t drive people away like this ever again?
My boyfriend changed and i dont know what to do?
My (26f) SO (26m) disregards my feelings
Help coping with distance
Gf is scarred from coercive ex
My (26/f) SO (26/m) disregards my feelings
My boyfriend changed and i don’t know what to do?
Date ideas during COVID
I (28m) feel extremely unsupported and that my (27F)) fiancé is questioning my core beliefs.
How do you know you truly love someone?
How to go about “sliding in her DM’s” without it coming off weird?
I feel like a burden and I don't know what to do anymore
I have(21M) Post Nut Regret with Girlfriend(19F)
My (20M) Dad (54M) makes my mothers (54F) life hell when he doesn't have gambling money. Can anyone give me some advice?
My [30F] boyfriend [30M] of 8 months gets pissy whenever I'm nice to my ex-husband
I (25m) think I'm falling for my friend (28f) and need advice.
I feel extremely unsupported (28M) and like the core of my values are being questioned by my partner (27F).
Wife is cheating on husband (fm early 40s). Do I, the nanny (f22) tell him? Is it problematic that I’m attracted to him?
Rocky (Balboa) times between me (29M) and my girlfriend (24F)
Rocky (Balboa) times between me (29M) and my girlfriend (24F)
I (25m) think im falling for my friend (28f) and I need advice.
Rocky (Balboa) times with me (29M) and my girlfriend (24F)
Rocky (Balboa) times!
My husband keeps bailing on stuff at the last minute and it's getting frustrating
My BF used to have feelings for his best friend.
My BF used to be in love with his best friend
All of the stress of *literally everything* has me (34M) somehow using sex as a coping mechanism. Except it’s the last thing on my wife’s (33F) mind. It’s driving me crazy, what can I do?
My ex would threaten suicide, but I don’t know if it was genuine?(22F)
Is it wrong that my F(21) fiancé wants to strip and i’m M(24) okay with it?
I M[22] my gf [23] my girl doesn’t want to grow up
Big changes in our lives
I think my gf ( 25 ) might be cheating on me ( 25 years old male) and probably i will never know , which makes me extremely anxious
Big Change in our Lives
Why am I (22/F) nostalgic for my ex (21/M)?
Advise on moving on and forgetting someone
How do I navigate the relationship with my narrow-minded father?
Went on my first date with a girl I’ve been talking to for a month now; we ended the date by shaking hands
I have an internet friend that's really depressed
Me (25M), Girl (25F): Should I try to win over the girl again???
Why am I (22/F) nostalgic for my (21/M) Ex-boyfriend?
How do I navigate my (22F) relationship with my narrowminded father (56M)?
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) can't decide whether to end our relationship of 1.5 years.
How do I navigate my relationship with my narrow-minded father?
23 [F] needs relationship advice about 26 [M]?
Is it my duty as a white person (21f) to address my parent's racism (54f and 62m) in the wake of the anti-racism protests?
I (23F) think my dad (63M) might be cheating on my mom (61F)
GF (21F) of 2 years thinks I (21M) cheated on her and broke up with me because I hid and lied about seeing an old highschool friend (18F) even though I did not cheat and had no bad intentions with the friend at all. PLEASE HELP!
How does it make you feel knowing someone you hate is sad?
Having fights with my boyfriend (26) about money issues.
Is threatening suicide abusive?(22F)
I think my dad is cheating on my mom
moving on and trying to forget someone and memories
How do I (21 F), tell my boyfriend (22M) that his friend (22F) was trying to get him to have an emotional affair?
I think my (29M) boyfriend (26M) is too close to my brother. Is my anxiety justified?
23 [F] needs relationship advice about 26 [M]
I think my dad is cheating on my mom
moving on and forgetting someone please help
Me [21 M] with my didn't mention to my Gf[21F] of 2 years that I hung out with an old high school friend (18F) three times and lied at first when it came up even though I did not do anything inappropriate with that friend.
My (21M) Girlfriend (20F) doesn't trust me.
My (29M) boyfriend (26M) gets along too well with my brother and I don't know if my anxiety is justified
My mother (59F) pushed my (31F) sons (10months) stroller near a street out of anger
Please can anyone give some advice on moving on and forgetting someone (online)
Boyfriend and I broke up
Is it my (21f) duty to debate my parents (54f and 62m) about the anti-racism protests going on right now?
Seeking advise on how to help "guide" my brother (20M) who has gone off the rails
My roommate/best friend [22M] is ALWAYS in the living room and I’m [22F] starting to feel like it’s not shared space anymore
My boyfriend (M,24) and I (F,26) are embarrassed by each other
Boyfriend avoids me when I am upset
My mother (59F) pushed my (31F) sons (10 month) stroller near a street out of anger
What did I learn?
[F] I Need Dating Advice?
Me [20 M] with my Ex-Girlfriend [19 F] 3 years 8 months, Bad break-up, her mother threatens me.
How do I (20sF) say no to my Aunt (50sF)?
What did I learn?
I [22f] want a baby soon, [37m] hesitant. How to work through this?
My (22,F,USA) girlfriend (24,F,CANADA) broke up with me last week saying she’s too numb to be in a relationship currently, we’re still friends but we barely talk. I don’t know whether to help her, be angry or sad
How do I (20sF) say no to my Aunt (50sF)?
My mother (59F) pushed my (31F) sons (10months) stroller near a street out of anger
I (21F) want to move out from my Strict parents house.
My (24F) fiancé (24M) said he was indifferent to death and I'm really worried
My (F22) boyfriend (M30) is having bad anxiety/depressed over what I post online.
I (26f) finally texted my crush (30m) today
Seeking advise on how to help my 20 y.o brother who has gone off the rails
I think my (32M) ex-girlfriend (32F) was gaslighting me...or, I simply do not understand the world the way it should be understood.
How to manage stress of my [20, M] girlfriend's [19,F] of 2.5 years?
I (24F) am trying to decide what to say to a friend (28F) who I believe is obsessed with a guy on an unhealthy level.
My boyfriend (23M) wants us to move again
Advice for me (24F) dealing with a friend (28F) who is obsessed with a guy at an unhealthy, borderline crazy level.
I need help getting over someone I wasn't with
Why can’t my 23(M) friend be happy for me now that I have a new boyfriend?
GF (20F) of three years taking a break from me (23M) indefinitely. Is there a chance?
Friend took photo of me without consent
If I seriously suggested therapy to my boyfriend, would I be obligated to help pay/fully pay for it?
My (24F) husband (25M) left me because of my relationship with my ex
My (20m) girlfriend (23f) told someone I'm stupid and I didn't graduate high school.
My Dad [60M] keeps kicking snails, and it's bothering me [30F]...
My husband left me because of my relationship with my ex
If I seriously suggested therapy to my boyfriend, would I be obligated to help pay/fully pay for it?
Boyfriend avoids me when I get upset
My sister is racist and sexist
My Dad [60M] keep kicking snails snails, and it's really bothering me [30F]....
I feel like a fool. Convinced my husband doesn't love me or our children.
My sister is racist and sexist
I (26f) finally texted my crush (30m) last night...
My [F26] boyfriend [M26] refuses to brush his teeth in the morning
My (20m) girlfriend (23f) made fun of me for not graduating high school to a friend
Why do i (M21) Struggled with dating/relationships
Feeling hurt at not being invited to a wedding and struggling to not be *that* person
My [30F] boyfriend [30M] doesn’t believe in modern medicine.
How do I keep a long distance relationship strong
I (23f) and my (28m) boyfriend are getting into fights due to his twin brother living with us
I (24) F have lost sexual attraction to (25) M boyfriend of years.
I ( 25 male ) think that my gf ( 25) might be cheating on me.
How can I (25F) ask my roommate (28F) to move out?
Coworkers spreading rumours
Me (25M), Girl (25F): Should I try to win over the girl again???
My Boyfriend/guy I'm dating may be on a road trip with older woman
How do I support my (27F) coworker (37F) who is leaning on me for support while facing mental health issues that are exacerbated by quarantine?
At 18, I broke my (m42) boss’s marriage and home life.
TL;DR I (24) F have lost sexual attraction to BF (24) after years of relationship
How important in dating and impressing people anymore?
At 18, I broke my (m42) marriage and home life
I (23F) can't help but feeling worthless after being stuck in this dating limbo
I (24) have lost my sexual drive towards BF (25) after years of relationship
My Boyfriend/guy I'm dating may be on a road trip with older woman!
I (17M) am losing the only happiness in my life - my girlfriend but also very bestfriend (17F) and I totally don't know what to do.
My boyfriend's [32M] friend [29F] died a month ago and unsure if he knows. Do I [24F] tell him?
How to start flirting with gf all over again after we've been in relationship for 3 years?
How do I deal with being the less likeable partner in the relationship [27m] and [25m]
I (28F) am struggling to have a relationship with my overbearing parents (60sM/F). Apart from cutting them off, do I have any options?
How to start flirting with my gf after 3 years of relationship?
27m, 25f. I really like this girl. But I’m getting super mixed signals
Should I forgive someone who neglected a cat?
How should I(25) proceed about my first relationship
27m, 25f. I really like this girl. But I’m getting super mixed signals
Does anyone who has suffered sexual and/or emotional abuse by the hand of their parents still have a relationship with them?
How to start flirting again with my gf after 3 years of relationship?
I (14F) am tired of my cousin (19M) living with us
Should I forgive someone who neglected a cat??
What does she even mean?!
How to encourage romance: can men answer this please?
I (23m) am in a relationship with a someone (23f). she went back to her town to quarintine with her family since the quarintine started 74 days ago and i think this quarantine will prevent me from seeing her all this year.
"Unofficial" bf is 'uncomfortable' with my ex who passed away.
My (26F) mother (58F) is taking advantage of renting me an apartment she owns with my step-dad (M69).
I (26F) said something harsh to my girlfriend (24F) and she hasn’t come home since
Family is forcing a weird set up situation
Family is forcing a weird set up situation on me at work
Should I still be best friends with someone who rejected me even after I moved on?
Is he [32M] waiting for me [25F] to text or just losing interest?
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) broke up with me after 2.5 years and I feel broken
Having some trouble
My (24F) boyfriend (23M) of 10 months didn’t want to make a big deal of his birthday but then made plans for it without telling me first
My boyfriend (M18) says he doesn´t love me (F17) anymore.
I wanna take my girlfriend out on a date for her birthday but california is still under quarantine, what can i do?
I (23m) am in a relationship with a someone (23f). she went back to her town to quarintine with her family since the quarintine started 74 days ago and i think this quarantine will prevent me from seeing her all this year.
My [21F] mom [60F] won't stop wearing shoes in my room.
How to get my [21F] mom [60sF] to stop wearing shoes in my room?
My boyfriend (M18) says he doesn´t love me (F18) anymore.
How do I (21F) stop being jealous of my SO (23M)
Cheating? Am I over reacting?
How should I(25) provers about my first experience?
My (39F) stepson (14M) is upset his dad and I are trying for a baby.
My wife is dealing with self-harm and needs space
My boyfriend (M18) says he doesn´t love me (F17) anymore
How should I(25) proceed about my first experience?
My wife is dealing with self-harm and needs space
I don’t know how should I react on everything what’s going on between me and my crush
My bf (29M) broke up with me (28F) out of pain
I [18M] plan on moving out because of my mom’s attitude towards me, I need advice on how to make my plans
I have never been in a relationship [24M], and it's catching up
What is wrong with me [20M] and is there any fixing it?
How to start this conv?
What would you do when an ex (35M) comes back after they broke up and requested no contact from you (25F)?
Did I do the right thing by breaking up with my ex?
[Question] How can I stop reverting back to my old ways before I learned CBT?
Is name-calling and yelling always abusive?
What would you do when an ex comes back after they were the one who broke up and requested no contact?
I (23F) can't stop thinking about my ex (24M) because a secret is weighing on me
Dealing with girlfriend on her period
Posting on behalf of my sister [28f]. She keeps asking me for advice on introducing a guy she is seeing [30m] to her rather offbeag spiritual beliefs and I'm not sure what to tell her.
Sex talk
My (23F) partner (32F) needs constant change
Lost sight of my cognitive behavioral techniques and now I'm slowly going back to my old toxic ways
Me [Mid 20s F] with the guy I'm dating [mid 20s M] - okay to gift him something cute already?
My (M22) parents (M51, F50) just told me and my 3 siblings (M19, M15, F14) that they're getting divorced. How can I help my siblings?
Why did he (26) lose interest in me (25)f?
Is name-calling and yelling ALWAYS abusive in a relationship?
How to start this conv?
My [20f] dad [52m] found out that I went to the protests, he told me that he will no longer be paying for my apartment in a safe neighborhood. He says he will only pay for me to live in the ghetto.
As an introvert, I have limited friends. It hurts more when I have feelings for a friend but she has never given it a thought. Now I can't lose her as a friend but I can't stop thinking about her too. I won't be seeing her for a month, but should I write her my thoughts or just let it be?
Relationship-endless talking stage ADVICE NEEDED!
Is it too much for me (27M) to offer to meet her (25F) in the middle for a second date with her?
Normal?
I (23F) can't stop thinking about my ex (24M) because a secret is weighing on me
I (23F) can't stop thinking about my ex (24M) because a secret is weighing on me
My [24 M] brother [28 M] is destroying my family and I don’t know what to do
Coworker announced Divorce - how can I be supportive
My (30/F) sister (35/F) keeps making slick remarks about mine and my fiancé's (30/M) long-term relationship.
I got a boyfriend!
My boyfriend left me without saying goodbye...
Partner (45F) asked why they feel angry at me (50M). Why would I know?
Noticing my boyfriend tells a lot of (relatively innocent) white lies... what to do about it?
My(21M) girlfriend(20F) is having second thoughts about moving in with me because her mother told her my family does not approve
My Parents in Laws are having problems with boundaries (specially my father in law)
Do you think something happened to my friend or she just deleted her accounts?
My (24F) friend (27M) seems interested in me, but only after many, many failed attempts at dating other girls.
Covid19 - how to deal with staying at home all day while my SO still works?
Am I (19F) selfish for continuing a relationship with my (26M) boyfriend?
how do i (20f) help my boyfriend (24m) who doesn’t want help?
My [26F] boyfriend [28M] is letting a homeless man stay in his apartment and can't see why this could be dangerous.
My (21M) mother’s(51F) not welcoming of my relationships
Update on previos post. F(26) seeing a therapist over a breakup with M(24).
Found a box of exes old stuff, what do I do with it?
Working out romance between a person (43F) with a good life and a person with a not-so-good life (44M)
Am I (19F) selfish to continue a relationship with my (26M) boyfriend?
I (18NB) feel like I've been the older sibling to my sibling (21NB) since we were children
NSFW videos of me [25F] have been posted online and I want to move on without freaking out my Muslim father [50sM]
Found a box of exes old stuff, what do I do with it?
He said “I want to like you” in his sleep
How to fix relationship with sister after a huge falling out
tw: sexual abuse, emotional abuse
My (49F) Mom is going to get my Dad (65M) sick from her stupidity. Reddit what the hell can I do?
My boyfriend is letting a homeless stay in his apartment and doesn't recognize that it could be dangerous.
I(24F) ended up having to block one of my friends (28M) because he kept sending me hateful/extremist and racist stuff. Did I do the right thing?
Jealousy is killing me
My (34 f) partner (34 m) is ignorant and racist and I'm stuck with him in lockdown.
I think I might be in an emotionally abusive relationship .
Update on my last post. F (26) Seeing a thearpist over a brwakup I had with M(24) and other things
When should I (19M) Try to Meet Up With Friend (19F) Again?
My cousin is using me and so ignorant
Am I being too pushy?
Partner (45F) asked why they feel angry at me (50M). Why would I know?
Am I being too pushy?
I (23m) have given up on relationships
I (28M) am getting annoyed with my partner (29F) over one of her work colleagues
When should I (19M) Try to Meet Up With Friend (19F) Again?
Please help
My(21M) girlfriend(20F)'s mother says my family might not approve of my girlfriend and I's plans of moving in together
Help
Please help
I (25F) need reassurance from my bf (28m) but it’s never enough.
I [M28] was the other man and we fell in love. What do I do now?
How soon is too soon.... buying a house together.
Partner asked why they feel angry at me. Why would I know?
My [22m] fiance [22f] of 5 years called off the wedding, broke up with me, now cant make up her mind what she wants. im at a total loss.
Update on my last post. Update on how I'm feeling after seeking therapy and other things.
Working out romance between a person with a good life and a person with a not-so-good life
Would you get back together with an ex who cheated on you?
My (32M) partner (30F) has no interest in a physical relationship since we had a kid
My (34 f) partner (34 m) is racist. How do I leave?
How soon is too soon.... buying a house together.
Finally told my [28m] GF [24f] that I am unhappy cause I don’t feel like a priority. Need help to move forward!
missing my ex
I (27F) feel like my boyfriend's (34M) child
missing my ex
My [19M] SO hides me [19F] from his parents.
Am I (24F) unfair for not allowing boyfriend's (32M) friend (33M) to come over?
Hi
Space X has launched my [27F] GF [26F] into deep self doubt and regret
My (23F) (24M) relationship has had a setback and I need advice
My (23F) relationship with my partner (24M) has had a setback. Need advice
Doesn’t respond but is always 1st to view my insta stories
Relationship setback. Need advice
My [26M] fiance wants me [25F] to make all of his appointments despite my own anxiety.
At what point do you know you (F/19) are in a controlling relationship (M/20) and stop trying to just agree to disagree
Need to be single?
My (29 M) wife (32F) is a high conflict person. I am a low conflict person.
My (29 M) wife (32F) is a high conflict person. I am a low conflict person. I am often very stressed out by her conflicts with others.
My [19M] girlfriend [19F] is attending the George Floyd protests in Minneapolis and not supporting me.
I [19M] stopped talking to my girlfriend [19F] for a couple of days because she went to the protests in Minneapolis
What to do when your (26F) bf (30M) best friend is a girl?
How did you make it work? F(27) M(32)
How to make things work F(27) M(32)
What to do when your (26F) bf (30M) is a girl?
Man I was casually seeing may have crossed a line? or several? need opinions
Mental illness and relationships
I(21) caught my brother in law(20) sniffing my underwear and my fiancé(21) didn’t say much about it. 2 stories in one.
Mental illness and relationships?
How to make things work
My boyfriend (M,25) is a simp..?
Male 29 and Female 27 is constantly stressed out about everything.
I’m hurt that my boyfriend has replaced what was once my storage space with his stuff. Can i be hurt by that?
M 29 GF 27 always stressed out!
My (18F) best friend(20M) of 3 years likes me and i don't know what to do?
My wife (F29) has been messaging a guy and Im (29M) not sure how to feel about it.
I (29M) found messages from my wife (29) and Im not sure how to feel about it.
I [22 M] have grown out of my friend [22 M], but I don't think he's getting that message.
What the fuck do I do?
We didn't have sex for over two years [26f, 24m]
What the fuck do I do
What the fuck do I do
Building soft skills for relationships without role models or resources
Is it too much for me (27M) to offer to meet her (25F) in the middle for a second date with her?
Should I keep waiting? M (34) F (28)
I ended a good relationship for no real reason other than I wasn’t happy. Did I do the right thing?
Found Instagram Messages
Dangers of a non-relationship
My (29F) boyfriend’s (27M) self-soothing habits are driving me crazy. Is it unfair for me to expect him to change?
I (29 y/o M) found out my GF (23 y/o F) lied about things regarding her ex
Should I keep waiting? M(34) F(28)
Found Instagram Messages
Crush is leaving it is unlikely i will ever see her again...Need advice
Meeting up with tinder match (21M), I (24F) am concerned about my acne scars
My curiosity killed me and now I don’t know what to do
I Updated My Dating Profile, While Dating. Is That Cheating?
My [25F] boyfriend [38] of two years temporarily moved to the other side of the country to escape the pandemic and now I fear it's going to be the end of us.
Is it right to start a relationship while quarantined?
Are relationships overrated?
My (29F) boyfriend’s (27M) self-soothing habits drive me crazy
My close friend (23M) told me (23F) he has feelings for me but he is seeing someone else. What do I do now?
UPDATE: Stuck in this weird 4-way "competition"
How to heal after my bf and I have fought over this so much
I Updated My Dating Profile, While Dating. Is That Cheating?
My boyfriend (27m) pays more attention to his phone than he does to me (26f)
I [24f] want to stop birth control.. how do I tell my [23m] bf?
I [24f] want to stop birth control.. how do I bring it up to my [23m] bf?
My close guy friend told me he has feelings for me but he is seeing someone else. What do I do now?
My boyfriend (27m) pays more attention to his phone than he does to me (26f)
Should I (18M) accept my father's (56M) offer to get me a new phone despite our financial situation?
My [F25] boyfriend [38] of two years temporarily moved to the other side of the country to escape the pandemic, and I fear it's going to be the end of us
[30m][25f] My boyfriend has led on multiple ex gfs just for sex.
why would she [19-20?/f] have him [19/m] delete me [22/f]?
Nostalgic for my ex?
Accidentally Told my Boyfriend "I love you"
My girlfriend (F 25) and I (M 25) of three years keep fighting about physical interaction during the virus.
My friend {F14} Is a Hermaphrodite and me being a straight {M15} I don’t know what to do
To be or not to be
My girlfriend (F 25) and I (M 25) of three years keep fighting about boundaries that should be set during this virus.
To be or not to be
My (49m) live-in gf (46f) hates my cat.
Help with boyfriends friendships, sorry for the long post in advance
How to bridge a
I (20s M) saw porn of close completely platonic female friend (20s) that I don't think she consented to sharing online.
My boyfriend wants me to cut my hair short (22F) (23M)
A friend of mine made this video, talking about relationships, it's funny
Feelings change? love disappears?
My boyfriend wants me to cut my hair short (22F) (23M)
My bf (23M) wants me (22F) to cut my hair short
My (32M) ex (32F) moved in with a guy weeks after breaking up with me. Struggling to cope.
My boyfriend wants me to cut my hair short (22F) (23M)
Is the fact my (F20) boyfriend (M20) had a crush on Lisa Simpson a red flag?
I fought for this feeling until the end.
Long-term relationship break up
Keeping the door open for a past ex but moving on! any advice?
Which of these things do you think would increase my [25M] chances with Chinese girls [20sF] the most?
How do I learn to trust people again?
My (F19) best friend (M20) is in love with my best friend (F20)
I don’t know how to trust a man ever again.
Differences in commitment to social justice is causing strain.
Hello guys
I fought for this feeling until the end
My (F19) best friend (M20) is in love with my best friend (F20)
GF Frequently Accuses me of Complaining
Me [31 M] with my [25 F] 2 year, long distance relationship, did she really want more commitment, or is she covering for adultery? Am I doing the right thing?
I (20s M) saw porn of close completely platonic female friend (20s) that I don't think she consented to sharing online.
GF frequently accuses me of complaining
My (19F) boyfriend (21M) has lost all sexual desires towards me
Lockdown relationship breakdown and breakup. Girlfriend (24) felt like she had to end relationship with me (27) to find herself but didn't want to end the relationship. Guy confused.
How to get over the jealousy I have over my boyfriends ex fiancé?
Am I justified in being unhappy-uncomfortable at the least- about the fact my partner told me that she continued to be friends with someone she knew ‘fancied’ her?
Does anyone have any successful stories when getting back with an ex?
How to get over jealousy I have about my boyfriends ex fiancé
[24M] Want your opinion on the breakup email I wrote for my soon to be ex[21F]
Is my (F20) boyfriend's (M20) former crush a red flag?
Do nice ppl snap?
Do nice people snap?
My (25F) bf (24M) confessed that he cheated, where do I go from here?
[24M] Want your opinion on the breakup email I wrote for my soon to be ex[21F]
How would you feel if you found out your partner continued being friends with someone they knew ‘fancied them’?
BF [25m] has poor conflict resolution skills. When is it enough?
Long-term relationship break up
I don't want a wedding
SO paid for sex through most of our relationship
My friends think my boyfriends controlling but idk???
Am I imagining it or is my bf controlling?
Complicated situation
Fiancé has been cheating on me with prostitutes! Devastated
My SO [28M] and I [25F] keep hurting each other, but neither of us wants to break up
Think I'm losing my best friend (both late 20s), advice please
How to walk back from a possible breakup (25f with 25m)
My husband (34M) wants to quit his job without having something lined up. I (28F) am being supportive but internally am very worried.
My girlfriend [26F] wears so much jewelry and I [25M] feel kind of embarrassed in public with her
Friend (24F) keeps trying to cross my boundaries (28F) boundaries
Is my (25f) recent ex-boyfriend (25m) of 7 years gaslighting me about his cheating...?
A customer keeps flirting with me (21F) and I don’t know if he means what I think he means.
Friend (24F) keeps trying to cross my (28F) boundaries
Is it bad being a 22 year old male virgin?
My (30f) boyfriend (29m) wants to get a gun for self-defense after the riots that have happened this weekend
I (37f) feel like my husband (44m) had an emotional affair....he says she was just his "work wife".
Boyfriend (25m) leaves in the middle of arguments despite me (25f) asking him not to
Found out fiancé has cheated on me with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
Girlfriends job is making me think of ending it all
Are my thoughts normal?
[45M] My example of relationship coaching.
Are my thoughts normal?
A Customer keeps flirting with me, but I don’t really know if he means what he means
Is it normal to doubt online?
Why in all my relationships whether it’s friends, girls, family why am I the only one whom everyone wants to talk to and confide but nobody wants to ask for?
It seems like my GF wants me to be jealous of her money
My 13 year old niece moved in with me possibly just to access social media and bad friends and it's hurting my marriage.
It seems like my girlfriend wants me to be jealous of money
I'm beyond frustrated
My boyfriend (M,25) is a simp..?
Found out my fiancé has cheated on me with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
Found out my fiancé has cheated on my with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
My Girlfriend is Deleting Messages.
Found out fiancé has been cheating on me with prostitutes throughout most of our relationship. Absolutely devastated!
Boyfriend (25m) leaves in the middle of arguments despite me (25f) asking him not to
My boyfriend (M,25) is a simp..?
Now ex-fwb (that was evolving into a relationship) put a stop to "us" and got with someone else.
I (25F) need to end things with my toxic friend (31M)
My (31m) brother (30m) doesn’t ever reach out
My mother in law or my birthday
Mother in law or my birthday
My Girlfriend is Deleting Messages.
Is it abnormal for me (24, F) to only be really upset about a break-up a month after it happened?
My 25F SO and I haven't felt happy in almost 6 months. What to do about this?
Is it worth the fresh start.
Is it abnormal for me (24, F) to only be really upset about a break-up a month after it happened?
Is it normal to only be upset about a break-up a month after it happens?
My [23F] SO [24M] told me he wants to live alone even if I move to another city with him.
How to walk back from potential breakup (25f w/ 25m), need any kind of advice
My Girlfriend is Deleting Messages.
How can I win back control over myself and my heart?
How can I win bacl control over myself and my heart?
How can I win back control over myself?
Whose fault is it? What is the truth? (Trouble with a very complicated enmeshed friendship)
Whose fault is it? What is the truth? (Trouble with a very complicated enmeshed friendship)
Whose fault is it? What is the truth? (Trouble with a very complicated enmeshed friendship)
UPDATE: After 10 days my gf messaged me but things are over now and she's blocked me on socials
UPDATE: After 10 days my gf messaged me but things are over now and she's blocked me on socials
Hey
Is it normal to feel physically sick after a breakup?
I [31M] am feeling stuck between my own country and my GF[31F]
Is it normal to feel physically sick after a breakup?
What do you do when you find yourself involved in a conversation with 2 persons that should really have the conversation without you?
Husband (33M) ended 11 year relationship with me (34F) more than a month ago. How do you deal with flashbacks of happy times?
Should I [24F] let my boyfriend [23M] move in after 9 months of dating?
How can I [25M] find a cute teen gf until my uni opens again?
Husband (33M) ended 11 year relationship with me (34F) more than a month ago. How do you deal with flashbacks of happy memories?
[26M] I'm with a fantastic woman and I love her to death. Is it normal to fantasize about previous partners/potential partners?
I have developed a preoccupation with my husband’s sexual past. (32f)(35m)
How do I get him to spend on me sometimes?
my good friend (18w) is dating someone way older (25m)
Am I being emotionally abused/ manipulated?
Dont know how to confront racist mom
He said “i want to like you” in his sleep
He [32M] is texting me [25F] less frequently after 7 dates. Overthinking or losing interest?
My girlfriend has been misleading me about her exposure during quarantine
Dont know how to confront moms racist behavior
Should I move back into my family home?
Should I move back into my family home?
Dont know how to confrot moms and weird racist behavior
Help. My girlfriend has been misleading me about her exposure during quarantine
My gf got mad at me for fixing my sleeping schedule?
Boyfriend answers subconsciously???
Did he (24M) ghost me (22F)?
My boyfriend (25M) likes very very rough sex and never asks for my (21F) opinion before it
Should I give up on relationships?
I (M,15) think we should take a closer look before posting our opinion
Don’t be too quick to tell a person what to do
He [32M] is texting me [25F] less frequently after 7 dates. Overthinking or losing interest?
I’ve been blocked again after less than 24 hours
My [22f] older brother [24m] has more control in this house than my mother [55 f]
I’ve been blocked again in less than 24 Hours
I’ve been blocked again in less than 24 Hours
Should me [24F] and my boyfriend [23M] move in together after dating for less than a year?
I’ve been blocked again after less than 24 hours
BF [25M] values friends achievements/opinions above mine [25F] and it’s hurtful
Will I (26M) ever stop feeling hurt? How?
Is a relationship worth it?
My GF (20F) Is Almost Violent with me (20M) and sometimee abusive and threatening. Advice?
(mis)communication
Is my former best friend “orbiting” me? Is this even considered “orbiting?” - We’re both 20 yr old F’s.
My (28,M) and SO/girlfriend/lover (25,F) wants a new slate in our relationship/3rd chance.
Me [27 M], and mom [ 56 F ] at wits end with my father [55 M], and unsure how to move forward with retirement.
Am I doing the right thing?
What to do if your (26F) bf's(29M) best friends are girls...and one of them is "ambivalent" about you?
Will I (26M) ever stop feeling hurt? How?
My (28,M) and SO/girlfriend/lover (25,F) wants a new slate in our relationship/3rd chance.
Am I doing the right thing
I (21 m) am falling for my best freind (19 f) again..
Given 3rd Chance to start over relationship
Will I (26M) ever stop feeling hurt? How?
Boyfriend(27M) suddenly pulled back from me(24F)
My boyfriend [20M] and I [20F] got into an argument over him spending time with my friend [20F]
23F afraid to break up
I say hurtful things in my sleep
My (21 f) bf (22) got a letter from a girl he slept with 3 years ago saying that he abused her, he's got a complete blackout from that night, what do I do?
Missing him. Afraid to break up
My (f19) boyfriend (m18) aren’t seeing eye to eye on pet decisions
Coping with bad roommates
Uninterested in American women
Am I [24F] wrong for being upset about boyfriend [26M] not letting me meet his cousin [24M]?
I am not interested in American women
Unstable situation with my Sibling (20)F and my parents
I say hurtful things in my sleep
Are you happy in your current romantic relationship? Had COVID affected it if at all?
Girlfriend(?)(24F) lied to me (25M) when asked if she was sexting someone else
Toxic roommates
My [21F] boyfriend [19M] said he isn’t ready for kids with me yet, and now his daughter [2F] is serving me as a painful reminder of his ex.
When , where and how as a guy is the best way to approach a woman so that they are comfortable with the interaction.
What should I (28f) do about “empty” threats from bf (33m)?
I say hurtful things in my sleep
Singles
Advice on how to avoid my [28F] mum’s [58F] comments triggering my eating disorder?
Idk if my fiancé will be able to handle my daughter wanting to move in with us.
UPDATE: premed dancer (20) who was paying boyfriends rent
Me [24F] and my boyfriend [30M] have different perspectives on what is happening in the U.S. and I kind of want to break up over it
Girlfriend (19F) broke up with me and has told me every detail of we’re I’ve gone wrong and I feel like an arsehole need advice
I realize that being with me would lead to a dead bedroom, how do I make it known that I am OK with a woman getting what she needs from another man?
Can't stand having to hear my dad all the time while I'm in my room
Can't stand having to hear my dad all the time m22
My bf (42M) says that I'm(18F) not Bisexual if I'm in a relationship with a man
Broke with with girlfriend (19F) made me feel like a bad boyfriend.
I feel like I am prone to cheating. What can I do to change my mindset?
My boyfriend says that I'm no longer Bisexual since I'm in a "straight" relarionship?
I think my bf has my email without asking me for it
First Heartbreak (I think)
Me [24F] and my boyfriend [30M] have very different perspectives on what is happening in the world. Is this reason to break up?
I feel lost
Please help me explain my friends (24 F) feelings for me (24 M)
My (M26) girlfriend (F24) has a strange odour in her vagina (5 Years on and off)
Please help me understand my friends (24 F) feelings for me (24 M)
Funny Smell
My partner won't run 20 miles to see me
Need a second opinion of me (20NB) and my close friends (21F) relationship. Think she might be toxic but not entirely sure? we both kinda suck tho ngl
Why dont I feel anything after my breakup?
One year ago I (20F) experienced physical abuse from my boyfriend(20M)
How can I get my wife back after 6 months seperation.
How can I get my ex back?
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
UPDATE: My (21F) boyfriend (22M) is being distant and quiet
One year ago I experienced physical abuse from my boyfriend
How can I get my ex back.
UPDATE: My (21F) boyfriend (22M) is being distant and quiet
How do i break up with my gf of 2 years without hurting her too badly?
my partner thinks he abused me a long time ago and I don't know how to talk to him about it
My sister [35F] routinely gives me [30F] the silent treatment until I apologise for perceived wrongs and I'm sick of it
How Do I Leave An Unhappy Relationship?
She can't continue as friends.
SO Cropdusted me while I was secretly looking at wedding rings...
My Girlfriend (19 F) won't have sex with me (19M) because of past sexual trauma. This relationship has lasted seven months. What should I do?
Account messaged me saying a guy I am dating is a cheater
Improving myself to become a more likable person (19M)
Seeking help on secret relationship lasting almost five years-
My wife being force to have sex by cops n a rich guys n they ruin our lifes and I have two beautiful kids
I reopened an old wound by reaching out to the painful love of my life who left me , this is a 15 year on going pain and I am disappointed and sad at how weak I am
Hiding my almost five year relationship
I (27M) have been seeing someone (20F) for about 3 months now. She harmed herself today and I’m feeling a mix of confusing emotions about it.
Reopened a wound and reverting to my old ways with a toxic ex/ love of my life. Feeling hopeless in my lack of strength
I (27M) have been seeing someone (20F) for about 3 months now. She harmed herself today and I’m feeling a mix of confusing emotions about it.
Did he (22M) use his mental health as a way to get attention?
Pizzagate. My (28F) boyfriend (30M) of 9 years sometimes ignores me for days when we've had an argument. How do i communicate with him about this?
Having constant doubts about my BF
Should I (34/F) confront my dad (late 50s) about his relationship with his assistant (32/F).
i am starting to dislike my boyfriend’s friends.
My Girlfriend (19 F) won't have sex with me (19M) because of past sexual trauma. This relationship has lasted seven months. What should I do?
Constant doubts about BF
Pizzagate. My (28F) boyfriend (30M) of 9 years sometimes ignores me for days when we've had an argument. How do i communicate with him about this?
I (18 m) don't want to end my relationship with my friend (18 f) who just confessed her feelings towards me.
How soon is too soon to move in?
i am starting to really dislike my boyfriend’s friends.
I (18F) feel like I've lost my individuality to a relationship I ended a few months ago.
How do I (m, 18) politely tell my friend (f, 18) that I'm not attracted to her after she confessed her feelings towards me?
I (18F) feel like I've lost my individuality to a relationship I ended a few months ago.
Could really use some guidance on what counts as "cheating"
Am I overreacting?
Taking some time on my relationship (but I don't want to)
I [28M] don't understand what happened with [27F]
Should I end it?
lost my bf to warzone ):
Should I call my friend out for lying on Twitter?
M(27) should i talk to my F(23)girlfriend's ex boyfriend to make sure she didnt cheat on me?
How can I bring the spark back in my relationship?
Should I end it?
M(27) should i talk to my F(23)girlfriend's ex boyfriend to make sure she disnt cheat on me ?
Can you force yourself to lose feelings for someone?
I'm a 17 year old guy and getting into a relationship with someone is constantly on my mind.
Hey ❗️here for a Relationship ♥️
My boyfriend [20M] and I [19F] just had our first political discussion and it got awkward. [I SWEAR NOT POLITICAL AT ALL]
Me [25M] with my Ex [25F] of 2 years, are flowers a bad move here?
Hey ! I want relationship ♥️ M19 here 🥀
It took me (25F) 3 weeks of therapy to see just how toxic my ‘friend’ (31M) of 3 years is
How soon is too soon to ask my gf to move in?
[23M] My girlfriend [22F] is a bit bi-curious
Me [25M] with my Ex [25F] of 2 years, are flowers a bad move here?
It too me (25F) 3 weeks of therapy to see just how toxic my ‘friend’ (31M) of 3 years is
I don't really feel anything in relationships.
This is my first post, Want to connect with a girl (F19). I am (M20) from india
M(28) should i ask my girlfriend(F 23)'s ex boyfriend to make sure she didnt cheat on me?
im just sad right now
I (17m) just bought my girlfriend (17f) a promise ring!! This is the best day of my life I truly want to marry her and I am committed to her and want to share this with everyone!!
My girlfriend will have hour long conversations with other people when I am right there.
I have toxic thoughts from a past relationship that are sneaking their way into my current one, halp?
Stuck in a relationship with a person who might have autism.
Boyfriend (30M) has run home to live with his mommy and daddy. Feels its unfair if I (27F) fly home to my family
Discovered my (M30) girlfriend(F25) of 7 months is cheating on me tonight
I (13F) don't really trust my dad (60M).
I (13F) am currently scared right now. (Will delete this later)
idk bc im an overthinker so...
I feel like my girlfriend is really starting to think I'm a dumb.
Am I being sensitive?
idk bc im insecure and an overthinker so...
Am I being sensitive
Found out my (M30) girlfriend (F23) of 7 months is cheating on me tonight.
I feel like my girlfriend really thinks I'm a dumb.
I feel like my girlfriend really thinks I'm a dumb.
Gut feelings
How can i maintain a healthy balance in my new relationship (socially)
Can you force yourself to lose feelings for someone?
She(20F) is treating me(23F) better now that I'm trying to get over her
How can achieve a balance with my new partner?
I think I’m losing love for my boyfriend
Perfect Storm
Writing an Apology Letter Because I F*&#@d Up
My two best friends are becoming people who I don’t want to deal with but I only noticed it recently
Writing an Apology for my Boyfriend
Can you force yourself to lose feelings for someone?
How do I deal with toxic family members?
What to do about my feelings for my BM
I (21F) hooked up with a guy(22M) that I’ve been talking to for a few weeks
Should I (25F) ask where things are heading with him (33M) or is it too early?
I (21F) hooked up with a guy(22M) that I’ve been talking to for a few weeks
What to do about my feelings for my BM
should i (19f) leave my boyfriend (21m) because i fear longterm commitment?
Boyfriend(23M) Not Upset Even After I(20F) Lashed Out At Him
(23F) my brother (24M) moved in with me. Our beliefs are polar opposites
My (F30s) boyfriend’s (M40s) somewhat ex keeps gaslighting him and even drove by his house several times to see if I was staying over or not
My boyfriend (30M) of 1.5 yrs broke up with me (26F). He said he was having anxiety regarding the relationship which he thinks is due to my health problems but he doesn't really know.
my (19f) s/o(20m) hanging out with a girl friend
I am falling out of love with my fiance because he went back to all the stores opened in Minnesota today during the pandemic.
What to do when your mom doesn’t like your partner?
Emotionally raised different HELP!!
I don't help a friend because I was scared it might out my son in a bad position
Didn't help a friend because I was scared it would put my son in a bad position
Didn't help a friend in need because it would have put my son in a bad situation.
my s/o & his girl friend hanging out
She ghosted me for no reason?
I think my boyfriend (M38) may be a racist?
Is this normal? Am I(F32)crazy? Ex-bf(M27)& his family ganged up on me & tried to intimidate me
I(23M) moved out of my mom(47F) and grandma (71F) house. I think I made the wrong decision.
How do I move on from bad sexual experiences
I think my boyfriend (M38) may be racist?
Dealing with a toxic sibling
ADVICE?
I [20M] need to vent about my recently ended relationship/want advice and perspective on how to deal with my ex [21F]
How do i undo bad experiences
Me and Gf for about 3 years
Help an indecisive man out.
How should I (27M) reinitiate contact with her (23F) after not seeing each other for 2 years?
I think I might be obsessed with my bestfriend..
How should I (27M) reinitiate contact with her (23F) after not seeing each other for 2 years?
I (36m) majorly screwed things up and now she (36f) says she's taking a "break" but I'm pretty sure she's not coming back!
How do I stop myself from liking someone I shouldn’t!!
Why when I'm thinking to break up my heart pounding very fast.
My [29 F] boyfriend [25 M] of a bit over 3 months is helping his brother run a multilevel marketing scam and I'm not sure if it's a dealbreaker or not?
I think I might be obsessed with my bestfriend..
I [20M] need to vent about my recently ended relationship/want advice and perspective on how to deal with my ex [21F]
I (23F) shut out my BF (M26), although in a great relationship
How do I (26M) talk to my (25F) girlfriend who has issues opening up
I(18) agreed with my bf(19) when he was saying that he was a simp. He then got mad and has said he will no longer be doing the cute things that he used to do, nor will he say I love you to me anymore.
Whe you struggle with relationships but not ready to breakup.
Is my [23M] brother's [27M] relationship with his [27F] girlfriend toxic or am I imagining things?
How do you get over a partner who left you for someone else?
My (21f) bf (23m) dreamt about dating a girl he knowd
How do you get over a partner who left you for someone else?
How do you get over a partner who left you for someone else?
When you struggle with relationship, but before you decide to breakup.
I just ended a 4 year relationship after posting in here last week
My (18F) fwb (23M) made a joke about my looks; should I be upset?
Couldn't continue as friends
How to Talk to my girlfriend (25F) who has problems opening up
I shut out my BF while in a loving relationship
I (28m) broke up with my girlfriend (30f) of 2.5 years earlier today and I'm really struggling
She can't continue as friends
A letter to you
I kinda lost my belief and trust for relationships after a few bad ones and haven't felt close to anyone for a long time. Recently I started to have feelings for a girl I knew for some time but I feel afraid and a bit worn down to pursue anything. What should I do?
Dudes who are married/have girlfriends. If you're the more romantic one in the relationship, and the one who you feel puts in most of the effort in thay category (especially physically), does it ever get to a point where it really bothers you?
I (35M) tell his GF (38) that she needs to pay attention to her physical health and she cried.
I (35M) told my GF (38) we need to exercise together because I am concerned about her physical health and she cried.
I (23, F) don’t know how to deal with creepy coworker (33, M)
my girlfriend wants to go on a break and i don’t know how to feel. i love her and it’s breaking my heart.
Was willing to give a younger guy (22M) a chance (26F). Once again disappointed by men, but don’t wanna be.
I’m not close with my family and I feel this is my last chance before college.
My fiancée is a diagnosed psychopath
I (26M) love my partner (23M), but not as much as he loves me
My best friend is Sexting with my ex
Just ended a 4 year relationship after posting in here last week
Bringing up previous partners in a current relationship?
How to tell if guy likes me?
I (21F) told my brother's (25M) girlfriend (25F) to leave him and she did
Is this normal? Am I crazy? Ex-bf & his family ganged up on me & tried to intimidate me
My fiance is addicted to porn and doesnt want to touch me.
I (21F) told my brother's (25M) girlfriend (25F) to leave and she did
My boyfriend broke up with me in quarantine
My fiance is addicted to porn and wont touch me.
I (26M) love my partner (23M), but not as much as he loves me
Every time I think about my ex I get upset.
I (29F) am having issues with my fiancee (33F) and her mother.
My (me, 22) girlfriend (26) had an online relationship and she ghosted me for three weeks
How to know if guy friend likes me?
My programmer (F, 25) BF (M, 28) is facing Deportation unless he get a Job and I feel Helpless
I'm not sure what to think of this
How can i be patient with a virgin
What would be the best sub to ask for a branch of psychology suiting someone's needs?
Divorce ultimatum or overreaction
Dear great reddit commenters, I went against all your constant warnings from last post... I (21F) want to be a friend to my ex (21M) while his mom is dying, but I dont know how to do without getting his hopes up on getting back together
28M - Bizzare behaviour from GFs (27F) parents
How seriously do you consider the saying "How a man treats his mother is how he will treat you"
Is it unreasonable for me (f/19) to be jealous and annoyed with my BFs (20) friend (F/22) ?
28 M Bizzare Behavior from GF (27F) parents
Divorce ultimatum or over reaction?
my friend is trying to drag me down with him
Is it unreasonable for me (19) to be jealous and annoyed with my BFs (20) friend (F/22) ?
Apps ..
my friend is so goddamn toxic (F 16)
My SO and I had a disagreement about one of his friends
Is my thinking wrong? It’s about how my fiance dresses
(22 F) Found out the person I've been seeing (24M) for 3 months never liked me in the first place.
My (29F) LDR boyfriend (29M) gets mad if I bring up anything sexual
Found out the person I've been seeing for 3 months never liked me in the first place.
I (18f) am worried about my boyfriend (20m) wanting you experiment with substances
My LDR boyfriend is mad because of a sexual comment I made
Do I hold on to hope? Is it realistic that after no contact for 21 days I can rekindle something?
I think my sister hates me
My ex got tinder same day after we broke up
I'm afraid my anxiety is ruining my relationship and I don't know what do do. I don't know myself like this.
My long distance SO of 5 years has blocked me
How to stop toxic relationship pattern
The person i'm seeing (25/f) rescheduled a date with me (25/m) to hangout with a friend instead. I feel kind of upset about it
I'm having a hard time dealing with anxiety in a new relationship, pls help
I'm (F22) torn between emigrating with my controlling mom (F50) or staying for a while here with my partner (M26) then move overseas either alone or with him.
My (very recent) ex-fiancé is already on dating apps.
My (29/F) and my fiancé (30/M) are upset about our families not caring about us wedding/joining families.
My BF Won't Let Me Spend Money On Him
My feelings (23F) fading for boyfriend (23M) because of quarantine
Trust issues
My(16M) mother(43F) does not respect my boundaries after numerous times of me establishing them
Scared of my parents’ reaction to my engagement.
My (15M) Partner (15M) Wants To Talk To My Previous Partner (15F) About Her And I’s Breakup
Scared of parents’ reaction to my engagement.
My(16M) mother(43F) does not respect my boundaries after numerous times of me establishing them
Trust problems
I (F20) feel like my boyfriend (M20) is more excited about playing video games than seeing me
How do I (23M) convince my girlfriend (19F) that it is okay to try new things and get out of her comfort zone
(22F) Is it time for me to find somewhere else to live or am I overreacting?
I feel guilty, should I?
My husband is only nice to me when we haven't had sex for days or when he can bully someone else
I want to apologise to him but he keeps blocking me
Why is he acting like this if he has a gf ??
Please help me write this. I don't know how to full put this into words.
I'm (24F) frustrated that my sister (21F) doesn't take motherhood seriously.
My first breakup today, I need some advice.
My [26F] fiancé [28M] doesn’t support me putting a Satanic Temple flag outside our new home.
I (27F) have been with my fiance (24M) for four and a half years. I just found out that I love him more than I realized by watching his favorite TV show.
Can someone help me figure out why this guy is acting like this
My [M22] long distance relationship girlfriend [F17] has blocked me from our only source of communication
Me [23M] found out my [22F]GF past and it's giving me anxiety.
Could having a shared journal help our problems?
My (24F) sister (22F) isn't very enthusiastic about taking good care of her kid (2M)
My (35m) ex-gf (35F) has extreme anger issues, throws objects, physical violence. Gave away our dog without telling me about it. Looking for advice on both
How to break toxic relationship pattern
Shared journal with your SO? Experiences, good or bad idea?
Is it wrong if that if my (25f) boyfriend (24m) won’t commit to spend more time with me I’m going to move back to my hometown for the rest of quarantine?
My (35) Ex-gf (35) seemed like "the one" except for extreme anger issues. She gave our dog away when I was collecting my thoughts. Not sure what to do on both.
Shall I end the Friendship Forever, Disarming Any Change of Seeing Each Other Again
Girlfriend seemed like "the one" except for extreme anger issues (PMDD). She gave away our dog without telling me. Looking for advice on both.
Relationship/sexual past in current relationship
My [21M] feelings have sparked for my ex again [20F]. What to do?
Would I be wrong to cut ties with my racist mom who lacks empathy after hearing her reaction to me nearly getting run over at a protest? [24 F, 68 F]
Relationship/sexual past discussion in current relationship
I [19F] don’t feel like a priority in my boyfriend’s [19M] life
I think my family deteriorates my mental health (rant)
Should I end the friendship?
I M(24) and my fiancé have "broken up" and she wants "space" confused and want help"
Should my partners sexual past bother me?
My partner (40M) doesn’t want me (28F) to attend a peaceful protest tonight in our city.
My [27M] partner [34M] of four years accidentally damaged a keepsake, and everything he's said has (unintentionally) made me feel worse
My recent ex's mother, who I work with, sent an email with information about him that I did not want to know
My recent ex's mother (who i work with) included me in an email with information about him that i did not want to know
I just went on a really good first date, but don’t know how he felt about it
my best friend is in love with me but I don't love her.
I'm fucked up
How do I (19F) stop comparing myself to my successful boyfriend (23M)?
Husband (20M) Decided to Go On Holiday With Friends Instead Of Family Vacation. I (20F) Trust Him But Don't Know How To React
I'm 22 (M) and still single
I just went on a really good first date
Partner(21 F) talks about her past intimate encounters and it should it borher me(20 M)
I M(24) and my fiancé have "broken up" and she wants "space" confused and want help
I'm 22[M] and still single
I want a girl friend .Well, I am 17F tryin to find my caring other half.
What would you guys do? [M/F 20-WHATEVER]
How do I (19F) stop comparing myself to my successful, happy boyfriend (23M)
I've known a few Lesbians and one bisexual in life
My (27F) friends (M, 30s) want to 'confront' one of our friends (35M) about his dating habits.
What would you guys do? [M/F 20-WHATEVER]
My boyfriend [28 M] and I [22 F] have been together for nearly three years now, we love each other very much but it feels like we have a few problems which just drain the hell out of me, but at the same time we have this strong bond and love for each other which we can’t ignore?
Me 28F - My best friend's 27F husband 28M is trying to make friends with my BF 26M, and my BF has no interest in this. How do I break it to him politely?
I (23 f ) annoy my bf (27m) a lot with my bad social habits. How do I fix it?
Should I date a girl whose mother is racist?
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want to commit.
Am I overthinking much?
Is there a “right” way to break up?
Me and my girlfriend are having some problems, that effect us both in a bad way. So basically I am a self-centered guy and my girlfriend has been basically diagnosed with depression.
My [27M] partner [34M] of four years accidentally damaged a keepsake, and everything he's said has made me feel worse
Is there a “right” way to break up?
Me and my girlfriend are having some problems, that effect us both in a bad way. So basically I am a self-centered guy and my girlfriend has been basically diagnosed with depression.
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want an exclusive relationship. What should I do?
My (23F) boyfriend (28M) is pressuring me to buy his company's stock
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want to commit.
Girl (20) used to want to be “just like me”
He said he loves me but he doesn’t want to commit. What should I do?
I(23f) cut my abusive toxic family out of my life.
I'm (24M) not sure if I should try and establish boundaries with my supportive yet toxic friend (39F) or just cut her out completely?
I (33M) am coming to realize that my best friend (34M) since childhood and I may need to part ways
Sometimes i don't really know what's going on with my gf
I (21F) am getting tired of my long-time friend (21M)
Am I stupid for staying in this relationship? Don’t know how to fix issues.
Boyfriend (21 ) thinks my (19) nose is ugly and thinks i should get surgery.
I (33M) am coming to realize that my best friend (34M) since childhood and I may need to part ways
UPDATE: My (M,21) girlfriend (F, 30) constantly makes me feel bad about myself.
Am I second choice or was I too late? What should I do?
Friends are ‘judging’ me because I’m boring and it’s making me (F 18) sad
After a year and a half of my ex (26M) ignoring my attempts to reach out, did I (25F) react poorly when he messaged me but didn’t respond back when I replied?
My boyfriend [32M] doesn't seem attracted to me [24F] anymore
Should I stay or should I go?
My bf is treating me differently ever since I dyed my hair
Help! Urgent!
Should I stay or should I go?
My dad [40sM] gets mad at me [16F] for cooking foods that are causing my mom [40sF] to gain weight but my mom gets mad at me for not cooking them. I don't know what to do.
SO’s sister is telling everyone we have COVID...
Bfs coworker flirting with him on social media, What should I do?
My bf is treating me differently ever since I dyed my hair
I really pissed off my niece even though I was trying to be helpful and take care of the house. Any advice?
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) is messaging women on fetish sites and he doesn’t know that I know
Was I in a toxic friendship? I’m contemplating apologising! Should I?
SO’s sister is telling everyone we have COVID-19...
Me (F22) my guy (M22) have been “talking” since February but he doesn’t want labels?
My (32F) sister is alienating herself and I (26F) am concerned about her mental health and safety.
Taking a pause with my partner (27M), but missing him too much already. Any advice on how to give us both the best time to clear mind?
Dating advice
My niece is really pissed at me? What did I do that was so bad?
The last few times I [M34] have slept with my wife [32] there has been an issue.
Dating advice
Am I just dramatic or should I be leaving my boyfriend for these issues?
Am i justified for being mad cuz my bf has a girl who’s interested in him on his social media? Should I tell him I don’t want her on there ?
Confused
Never Stop Impressing Your Partner
I ended my affair today.
Never Stop Impressing Your Partner
I (34F) may be in love with my widower best friend (34M))
Trouble with friends
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
I ended my affair today
How can I get my cousin to unblock me? Any ideas?
My boyfriend [28 M] and I [22 F] have been together for nearly three years now, we love each other very much but it feels like we have a few problems which just drain the hell out of me, but at the same time we have this strong bond and love for each other which we can’t ignore?
Boyfriend (32 M) checked out of the relationship when I (26 F) accidentally got pregnant.
I'm in love with my widower best friend
I ended my affair today
Should I message her ?
La dépendance affective
Toxic Mother
My ex and I
Did my(16M) crush(16F) ask me out and if I missed it, should I message her to let her know how I feel towards her?
What’s going on with my ex?
My (20M) girlfriend’s (18F) sister’s (20F) boyfriend (21M) is instigating a fight, what to do?
Looking for experts in STIs and relationships
My (19 F) Boyfriend (19) no longer tries nor puts anymore effort
Looking for advice from experts on STIs, especially chlamydia.
My gf is pissed because I told her I didnt actually prepare anything for our anniversary
Boyfriend [23M] of 1 year broke up with me [24F] out of the blue... Not sure how to react or how to navigate this
I [F25] have feelings for my friend [M24] but I can't tell him
Find a friend that will be there for you when times get rough
My friend (20F) is a copy cat and stole my tattoo, how do I (21F) make her stop?
I (18F) can’t trust him (19M) anymore.
My partner and I are having less sex during Covid-19? Can anyone relate?
My BFF (21F) is a copy cat and stole my tattoo, how do I (22F) make her stop?
How can women help men open up?
My BFF is a copy cat and stole my tattoo, how do I make her stop?
She just broke up with me and i don't know what to do
I can’t trust him.
Boyfriend [33M][2 years] wants me [29F] to sever ties with my bestfriend [28F] once she gets out of the hospital
Confused...
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] got seen bottomless by our friends [18F][19M] and I think I kinda liked it?
Close friend is really overweight, how do I help her?
Me [32M] with my BF [31M] of three years, is he using anxiety as an excuse to treat me badly?
Need a break after COVID-19
Boyfriend and I got into an argument. Told me he will contact me in a week or so. Advice?
Losing bestfriend of 7 years.
23(M) keeps saying that my new boyfriend 22(M) is just using me.
Disconnection with my bestfriend.
My [24M] significant other [23F] of two years has told me something that I don’t know how to respond to. How could I bounce back from this?
Based on these details, do you guys think I could at least hookup with this girl? And does she like me?
How can I get my [24M] significant other [23F] to ease her mind after this?
My [24M] significant other [23F] just told me she wishes I had more fun with her.
I'm a 20 year old virgin and I don't wanna be
My partner (22F) has stopped talking to me (26M) after disagreeing about the Floyd Riots
Serious question,are there any girls in here that are fine with a guy having a foot fetish or even had an experience with a guy with one? And what are your thoughts on a guy having one?
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
My partner (22F) has stopped talking to me (26M) after disagreeing about the Floyd Riots
I just found out that my boyfriend [24M] has been giving me [22F] chlamydia all the six months I’ve known him and I’m losing my mind.
Fiancée [29F] of 1 year together for 3 years told me [30m] she wants to end the engagement.
I'm 20M and can't find a soulmate no matter how hard I try
I'm 20 years old and I can't find a soulmate no matter how hard I try
My friend [32F] of 5 years asked for some feedback and mine just destroyed her
Fiancée [29f] of 1 year and a 3-year relationship told me [31m] she is wanting to break things off
I loved her so much and she broke up with me saying she never loved me. I am devastated and I dont know what to do.
I loved her so much but she broke up with me saying she never loved me. I couldn't take it and I don't know what to do.
After 2 yrs, I [28F] am not sure whether to continue relationship with [31M]?
I [20M] am cutting off a friend [20M], but we're in the same social circles, how do I do this?
Here’s one for the woke
Was he (22M) gaslighting me about his mental health for attention?
I [20M] don't know if I should cut off a toxic friend [20M] whose is in the same social circles as I am
Is she interested?
Priorities
Could this be anything other than cheating?
How can I (23F) make my BF (24F) understand that our relationship is over and he needs to go?
Priority
Time to cut off a "friend"?
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
Should I have said something?
Could this be anything other than he’s cheating
My sister and her fiance want to ask my bf to be their groomsmen but we (25f) (26f) are not getting along well and might break up soon. I'm the maid of honor. What should I say? [relationships]
I (20 F) feel the urge to go through my boyfriend's laptop because I think he is cheating on me.
My boyfriend (17M) and I (18F) occasionally go to the bathroom together. Is this weird?
Online friend doesn't trust me/ doesn't care?
Boyfriend (17M) and I (18F) occasionally go to the bathroom together. Is this weird?
Am I a terrible person because I cheated on my emotionally abusove boyfriend?
My (26f) partner (28m) has horrible anxiety and it's ruining my visit to my parents
How to deal with being left out due to communication barrier
Help these urgent matters!
My parents are pushing me to become a perfect person
My online friend doesn't trust me/doesn't care?
I want to go through my boyfriends lap top but I'm also afraid to do so
How much doubt is normal? Long term relationship I (27f) and my boyfriend (27m) of 9 years
My [25F] crush [20sM] doesn't follow up with the things he says he'll do and I don't know how to approach it
(Not gay) i WhatsApp my uncle after masturbation
Should I(28F) rekindle friendship with my ex Best Friend(28F)
My mom is using me as a designated babysitter/co-parent and it’s too much for me recently
my best friend is a catfish
My parents keep pushing me to be a perfect child
I'm (25M) Constantly doubting my relationship with (25F)
Curiosity
my SO’s parents....
I told my husband I don’t want kids. He was understanding and I still feel terrible.
How can I not be sad after my gf being out of honeymoon phase?
Out of honeymoon phase
My mom is asking me to babysit my younger sister incrementally more often and it’s causing a lot of guilt on my part
Why am my questioning my feelings? How can I bring the spark back?
My(22F) freind(20F) is very confusing...
[30F] Feeling left out and unappreciated by my group of college friends [30Fs]
my (21 f) boyfriend (27 m) has me blocked on instagram for stalking him.
GF[36] ME[26]
Who suffers more after a break-up, the guy or the guy?
I (M26) got cut off by my short term partner (M26) and I don't know what to do or how to move on
I'm (25M) Constantly doubting my relationship with (25F)
We have an expiration date and are lost
[30F] Feeling consistently excluded and unappreciated by my college friends [30Fs]
Random number texted me about GF. Is this a red flag?
We have an expiration date and she's too nervous to see me?
Feeling consistently left out and unappreciated by college friend group
Physical attraction is just mediocre but everything else is great. (M30 F27) (2.5 yrs)
Help these urgent matters!
Physical attraction is just mediocre but everything else is great. (M30 F27) (2.5 yrs)
I (27f) broke up wth my partner (29m) of 4 years. Not sure if I made the right decision.
I'm [F20] liking this guy [M20] I met online but he just see me as a friend.
Is this too small to end an otherwise good relationship? (M30) (F27)
I 27 M is speaking to a 4X something married woman with children.
I (27f) split up with my partner (29m) of 4 years after I was sexually assaulted by someone close to me. Not sure if I made the right decision.
My boyfriend (22M) is very interested in my (22F) odd phobia, I find it sweet.
Is this too small to end an otherwise good relationship? (M30) (F27)
TL;DR I cheated on my emotionally abusive boyfriend, Am I an Asshole?
Physical attraction is just mediocre but everything else is great.
Random number texted me a warning about GF
Girlfriend(20F) of a year and a half broke up with me(20M) over text, pissed away a year and a half
Is this too small to end an otherwise good relationship?
My [25f] sister [11f] is too shy to learn to skate in public even though she asked for them. How to help her?
My short term ex (M26) cut me (M26) off permanently, and I'm having a much harder time moving on than expected.
Pansexual relationship tl;dr im getting uncomfortable in this relationship
I feel like my boyfriend doesn’t want to see me
TL;DR pansexual gf (F,32) wants to date other women. I (M, 40) am feeling jealous .
I 27 is speaking to a 4X something woman with kids.
F19 accidentally dobbed on best friend F18 keeping a secret from her 4years friendship
F19 Keeping secret from a friend F18
I (38f) need advice on dealing with a boastful/fibbing friend (35f)
My (M/24) retroactive jealousy is ruining 1 year relationship with GF (F/29).
My lesbian work friend(F,32) of 4 years says she likes me (M,40). We started hooking up. Now she says shes a Pansexual and wants to date women. Tl;dr I'm starting to get jealous over my pansexual gf
Is only wanting sex 2 or 3x a week unreasonable?
There is a double standard when it comes to household chores
My (26F) ex-boyfriend (29M) emailed me asking to get back together. How do I stop feeling so angry?
Am I being unreasonable wanting sex 2x or 3x a week? We (26f) have sex several times a week but he (28m) is still unsatisfied with the amount [libido].
Friend (F, 32) of 4 years told me she was into me(M, 40). During this 4 years she had a gf and lived with her. Now shes single, says she is Pansexual and has always liked me. Explained what pansexual was.
What is it like to be a high libido male? We (26f) have sex several times a week but he (28m) is still unsatisfied with the amount of sex [libido]. Trying to understand.
Why I had no luck with relationships. I had one long term relationship that lasted 6 years and then all mother relationships lasted no more than a year. What am I doing wrong?
My(F22) Ex(M22) will not stop harassing me & it's been a year since we broke up
The last few times I [M34] have slept with my wife [32] there has been an issue.
My(28M) girlfriend(27F) smokes weed and stays in bed to deal with stress and anxiety
Ladies, how harsh would you be on me (30M)
Am I being unreasonable?
My(28M) girlfriend(27F) smokes weed and stays in bed to deal with stress and anxiety
Am I Being Unreasonable?
I feel like my boyfriend doesn’t want to see me
Should I try to fix my mistakes or move on?
Ex-GF (31/F) rushed into new relationship/engagement, but still texts me (37/M) daily
How do you pray?
My girlfriend (22) Cheated and is doing shady stuff behind my back (24M)
My [31 F] best friend [40 F] is tone deaf to my needs.
Multiple friends are upset because I [24F] don't call enough?
My ( F 25) husband (M 27) recorded us having sex without my consent
My Girlfriend (22F) Cheated on me and keeps doing shady stuff (24M)
How do I get over someone who clearly doesn't value me?
Why i had no luck with relationships? What am I doing wrong? I had many relationships after my first long term relationship but nothing lasted more than a year
Saw my [28F] mum for the first time in 4 months yesterday and she’s messaged to say I’m too fat
My best friend (19f) got new best friends and a boyfriend and now she barely talks to me. (22m)
Am I (F21) in love with him(M21). I denied my feelings but I cant deny the fact that I feel so relieved, peaceful around him. But its not easy help.
Girls what do you guys look in a guy who's not a 10/10
Why would your friend/ ex ignore you after you’ve had multiple conversations about how that hurts your feelings?
Little brother’s[20m]ex friend might be a psycho. How do we get him out of our lives?
Family member (60sM) is not speaking to me (25f) because I asked him to stop using a racial slur.
Coming to terms with the end of my (M28) relationship.
How do I [20F] prevent getting caught up in nasty arguments with my SO [23M]?
How can I (28f) get over my boyfriend’s (35m) sexual past with professionals and not compare myself?
I told my husband I don’t want kids. He was understanding and I still feel terrible.
10 Inspirational parenting quotes In English ! | INFO SPOT
GF (21) suffers with past sexual trauma and I (M21) don’t know what to do anymore
Boyfriend's brother is extremely annoying to live with
Looking for tips to explain racism and injustice to people close to me. Please help.
How to breakup
Looking for tips to explain racism and injustice to people that are close to me. Please help.
Confusing relationship with my (22F) best friend (21F)- how to move on?
How to breakup
How to move on when I can’t get closure?
Not even dating..
Is he a mommas boy?
I’m feeling insecure in my relationship right now. How do I tell if it’s coming from me or his actions?
I’m feeling insecure in my relationship right now. How do I tell if it’s coming from me or his actions?
I dont know if he is angry and if I should bad about it
Why do men treat you like crap when all you do is care for them?
Friend [25F] constantly fishes for validation/compliments--is it making her arrogant? Am I [26F] validating her too much?
Mommas Boy?
My girlfriend told her parents that I was a different race and lied about my name to change my ethnicity before I met them. This lasted 1 year. Is it a bad sign of a relationship partner.
Mom needed.
Should I (25F) ask where things are heading with him (33M) or is it too early?
Can I make myself fall in love with my boyfriend?
How to prevent getting caught up in nasty arguments with SO??
Concerns in an Interracial Relationship: AMWF
Am I being too unreasonable about it?
I (18 F) hooked up with an immature (37 M)
18(F) with 37(M) is a big regret
To Younger Girls
i hate the ambiguity so much
To Younger Girls
Am I being too unreasonable about it?
Am I terrible for cheating on my emotionally abusive boyfriend
My Parents [61F] [53M] don’t understand why I can’t get a girlfriend and continue to put pressure on me [22M] it’s starting to get at me.
After three months of long distance, I (26F) feel really disconnected and resentful of my partner (26m) of a year and a half. Not sure if it’s the distance or if we should break up?
I (F25)Found dating apps in husband’s (M29) hidden apps. I looked at his purchase history and they were downloaded during our relationship. How do I take this?
Why am I (F22) having dreams about my ex years later??
Ex boyfriend is telling people he never loved, or wanted children with me and doesn't think our youngest son is his.
(F, 20) suggests that 1~3 hours of talking is enough for a day
I (F25)Found dating apps in husband’s (M29) hidden apps. I looked at his purchase history and they were downloaded during our relationship. How do I take this?
What to do if my gf is pissing me off
A little help please?
I (24M) Asked my new girlfriend (21F) that if she could change One thing about me what would that be?
(F, 20) suggests that we talk about 1~3 hours a day is enough
Helping best friend who has hit rock bottom
I don't know how to break up? (Atm especially )
Moving to the city of my high school crush of 10 years. Can't stop thinking. Should I reconnect?
My boyfriend (32M) and I have been together for 5 years. Today I (29F) found out he's been forwarding nudes of his ex to himself.
Still being friends with ex in the hope of getting back
How do I(f35) handle it when my friends(m25) gf(f25) makes a power struggle with him in front of me?
Does she like me?
Does she like me?
My wife is leaving me.
My boyfriend is lying to me - Should I let it go?
Tinder* What to say?
[meta] Could we stop hating on exes?
Did my depressed girlfriend (19) break up with me (M21) or was it her depression?
Did my depressed girlfriend (19) break up with me (M21) or was it her depression?
My(28m) exgf(29f) ghosted me after 16 months, what do I do with her stuff?
my (17) girlfriend (17) never texts me first?
My Girlfriend (22) keeps emotionally cheating on me (24) with other men online and making different social media account’s
He has beautiful exes
Why are tiny uncurvy Chinese GIRLS [20sF] with a school boy sort of bodytype so irresistible to straight men?
I [22m] take a big responsibility on the ‘what-to-do’ list with my girlfriend [21f] and it is exhausting
When my friend change his mind about sth his girlfriend makes a point of it in front of us.
I [22] take a big responsibility on the ‘what-to-do’ list with my girlfriend [21] and it’s exhausting
My (21M) friendship broke down (22F)
I called my(f15) boyfriend(m17) over 15 times at 4am
i’m under mindfuckery
How do I [24M] break up with my suicidally depressed, maybe bpd, girlfriend [24f] without her killing herself?
I feel torn about my my parents I would love some perspective
I like to smell my boyfriend’s butt
How do I [24M] break up with very depressed, maybe bpd, girlfriend [24f] without her killing herself?
[27F][29M] My boyfriend has lied to me about his sexual history with a "friend".
Will confront my roommate today and need advice on how to get my point across, with as less drama as possible
My friend is breaking up with his gf but I [19M] like her friend
I will confront roommate today and need advice on how to get my point across with as less drama as possible
My friend is breaking up with his gf but I [19M] like her friend
My girlfriend [20f] left me [21m] due to our incompatibility. What should I do to get over it?
My friend is breaking up with his girl but I just started talking to her friend
About to confront my roommate about her inability to have her life in order right now. Need help to make this convo less dramatic.
Too much time with wife
Gf’s Mother behaving weirdly! Not feeling comfortable with her anymore
Gf’s Mother behaving weirdly! Not feeling comfortable with her anymore
I [26M] am worried that my girlfriend's [23F] long term illness is killing the relationship and I don't see any solutions
What can a woman do to make you realise you’re losing her?
I [32N] am considering establishing a relationship with my unkind Aunt [64F].
Too much time with Wife
I want to end a 1.5 relationship because of bad sex but I don’t know how
My bf (34) and his ex gf text a lot, I (33 f) am not sure how to feel or if I am overreacting. Looking for some 3rd party unbiased opinions.
I (30F) am worried about how much my husband (31M) drinks
i (17f) don’t feel comfortable talking about my feelings to my boyfriend (18M)
I sometimes (20M) Have racing thoughts.. Anyone else like this? Or just me?
She (18F) just came out and is now going through a bad time. Better I (17F) be here for her instead of be in a relationship with her?
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] sometimes posts nsfw on Facebook and it makes me uncomfortable. Am I overreacting?
I (30F) am worried about how much my husband (31M) drinks
Girlfriend [20f] dumped me because I [21m] am romantic and I give value to our relationship.
Is it Normal to have an “endgame” person on the back burner?
Guys, what can a woman do to make you realise you’re losing her?
Girlfriend [20f] dumped me because I[21m] am romantic.
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] sometimes posts nsfw on Facebook and it makes me uncomfortable. Am I overreacting?
23(M) Missing her...
Lockdown creating a "distance"
My ex-boyfriend is being removed from my lease today 10 months after break up
Shit
Lockdown has created a "Distance"
My Girlfriend cheated but I still miss her.
Dis this happeb to you? My 6 month girlfriend left me because I’m romantic and I give value to our relationship.
My 6 month girlfriend left me because I’m romantic and give value to our relationship. Am I guilty here?
Is it unreasonable for me [F, 23] to tell my future housemate [20s, M] that he cannot move in through my room?
Am I guilty because of who I am?
I [20F] want to end things with my partner [25M] but don’t know how
Should I feel guilty because of who I am?
How to remain friends with benefits or should I break it off?
tl;dr Should I feel guilty because of who I am?
Should I feel guilty because of who I am?
Is it unreasonable for me [F, 23] to tell my future housemate [20s, M] that he cannot move in through my room?
Help me😶
I need some help, how do I tell my girlfriend that I am uncomfortable that she is cuddly with other people
What are the odds that he’s (29M) cheating on me (29F)?
how should I (M24) deal with threats of violence from my girlfriend (F22) ?
It's a hard thing for me to do to ask for attention.
How should I (M24) deal with threats of violence by my girlfriend (F22)
My boyfriend (21m) and I (19f) decided it would be best to dissolve our relationship once my housing situation is stable
Boyfriend said something really hurtful during an argument and I can't get over it.
My boyfriend (21m) and I (19f) decided it would be best to dissolve our relationship (2 years long) once my housing situation is stable
My boyfriend said something terrible during an argument and now I can't get over it.
My boyfriend said something terrible during an argument and I can't get over it.
My boyfriend said something really hurtful during an argument and I can't get over it.
How do I (25F) stop my mom (52F) from nitpicking my career choice?
My bf (26m) easily gets angry at me when I (32m) get upset or needing some reassurance. LDR
I Feel Like My (20m) Girlfriend (19f) is Keeping Me From Exploring Myself w/ Substances
My boyfriend said something really hurtful during a fight and I can't get over it.
I (20m) feel like my girlfriend (19f) is holding me back from exploring myself
I [20m] want to explore myself more, and gf [19f] seems controlling
How do I stay friends with an ex without jeopardizing his current relationship
How many dates does it take to know if you want to be in a relationship with that person?
How many does does it take to know if you want to be in a relationship with someone?
How many dates does it take to know if you want to date someone?
Girlfriend has a past of infidelity and now red flags are popping up
Mental Illness and Long Distance Relationship (+ friends)
I (25F) had an argument with my SO (31M) over my illustration when I asked for compensation
Want out of relationship with a girl who is depressed/suicidal but don't know how
My friend outed sensitive info about me in front of new people
DH (M27) can’t deal with our “issues”, I (F26) took our wedding pictures down.
My brother and I used to be close but now we barely talk
My (24 M) Girlfriend (21 F) recently opened up to me about past trauma, how can I help her?
Getting back together with an ex?
Dating slightly older women as a man
I [18m] had sex with my friend with benefits [22f] and her best friend [24f] at the same time. I liked her friend and want to see her again.
My (24 M) Girlfriend (21 F) recently opened up to me about past trauma, how can I help her?
Lessons not learned in blood are soon forgotten...33m, 30f
I feel like my mom (51) is invalidating me?
Do I tell my ex gf I cheated on her?
I feel like my mom (51) is invalidating me?
I moved to an unfamiliar city to be near my boyfriend [28F] [30M] and he has barely been in touch since my arrival
Cutting off my crush [20] because they don’t reciprocate my [20] feelings
I had an unrequited crush and this is the letter I wrote.
Dating a married man
Ex is saying some crazy things, I've left him alone and just found out through someone he knows the sh*t he has been saying about me and it is CRAZYYY; should I have confronted him?
Ex is saying some crazy things, I've left him alone and just found out through someone he knows the sh*t he has been saying about me and it is CRAZYYY; should I have confronted him?
A girl never told me she was poly/also seeing someone else until we were officially dating, was I cheated on?
Cutting off my crush [20] because they don’t reciprocate my [20] feelings
My boyfriend is not making it easy for me to end our relationship
How do I have these difficult conversations with my brother without him getting so defensive?
I (18f) logged into my boyfriends (19m) Snapchat because curiosity got the better of me. Didn’t enjoy the results
Cutting off my crush [20] because they don’t reciprocate my [20] feelings.
Do I tell my ex gf I cheated on her?
My (30F) BFF (31F) takes our friendship way less seriously than I do
How to accept that somebody wants nothing to do with you anymore?
Is it justifiable to cut someone off, someone who you really want to be in a relationship with, because they only want to be friends and you can’t deal with that?
My ex would probably describe me as putting the ‘crazy bitch’ in ‘crazy fucking bitch’ and it’s not inaccurate but 24 hours more? Looking for any advice on how to ensure it stays physical without turning emotional so the parting is sweet closure
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
My ex probably describes me as “puts the ‘crazy bitch’ in ‘crazy fucking bitch’”
Should I tell my sister's bf she cheated
My (23F) Boyfriend (26M) met up with one of his friends (30?M) and he kept talking about my boobs.
Girlfriend didn’t tell me she was poly until we were dating and I feel as if I was cheated on.
My (28f) partner (29m) of 6 years blocked me on Instagram
My (19F) boyfriend (19F) is asking for nudes. How would you react?
Is it possible for me (23M) to be too honest about my feelings with girlfriend (23F) of 3 years?
Parenting is hard (30M) & (28F) 7 months
Personally(27M) Getting Over Feelings For Someone(22F)
Is honesty the best course of action that I (24M) should take with my (23F) girlfriend of 3 years?
My (19F) boyfirend (19M) is asking for nudes. How would you react?
My (28f) partner (29m) of 6 years blocked me on Instagram
Boyfriend is asking for nudes. How would you react?
Relationship Question
Getting Over Feelings For Someone
DH (M27) can’t deal with our “issues”, I (F26) take our wedding pictures down.
My (M19) GF (F19) thinks she's betraying her parents trust by dating me
Am I (25/M) being cruel not letting my partner (26/F) (4 years) meet my niece (-1 week/F) while we are separated?
[27M] have been dating [27F] and found out she had another guy by accident
Should I just suck this up? Or how to address this problem?
I don't know how to relationship
Should I just suck this up? Or how to address this problem?
Should I just suck this up? Or how to address this
Girls of reddit please help
I [27M] have been dating [27F] and found out she had another guy by accident
Bedroom roles?
My (27f) husband (28m) might be depressed and I think he is jealous of me
Idk if this belongs here or not
Roles in the bedroom
my (21f) boyfriend (22m) won’t tell his family about me
Girls of reddit please help me out
TMI but please help
Drunk Jealousy
My GF (20F) Owns Brass Knuckles...
my (21f) boyfriend (22m) won’t tell his family about me
Update: leaving my (23M) emotionally draining girlfriend
Did I mess up? I resent myself ever since...
Other college students stuck back at home, how are you coping??
Did I mess up? I resent myself ever since
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
My GF (20F) is sometimes hostile with me (20M)
My best friend is a catfish
What’s a good pace of getting physical during early dating stages for me (29F) and him (28M)?
My husband's ex sister in law had a baby 2 weeks ago and named her daughter something really similar to my husband's name and our child name.
I [22F] had a panic attack and went to my boyfriend [24M] for support via text, he offered no support, so I went to bed to deal. He got upset at me, then complained the following two weeks that I wasn't giving him enough affection. Am I justified to feel mad and hurt? Is he being selfish?
My husband's ex sister in law had a baby 2 weeks ago and named her something oddly similar to my husband's name and our child's. I think it's odd to say the least.
Supposed to get married but having doubts because want financial stability.
Wife wants kids now. I don't
Does it get better once I move out?
I(21F) need to know if this will ruin my relationship if I bring it up to my boyfriend(23M) or if I should just drop it
Supposed to get married but having doubts because want financial stability
I (24) want to know if my boyfriend (24) isn't listening to me
need some help
Breaking up with the love of my life. I (22M) love my girlfriend (22F) but feels like a “right person, wrong time” situation. Advice?
Nothing sexual between bf and I
Breaking up with the love of my life. I (22M) love my girlfriend (22F) but feels like a “right person, wrong time” situation. Advice please.
Helping My Ex - Advice?
Am i WRONG?
Differing political views
Am I(20F) affirming my BF(23M) too much?
Kids
I (30F) can’t decide about 5yr relationship with 30M BF
How to tell my boyfriend that all my best friends are guys
Advice on how to not overthink in a relationship
How to tell my boyfriend that all my best friends are guys
My ex(22f) keeps showing up in my(22m) life
Wandering Eye
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Reconnecting(?) with an ex-friend
My ex(22f) keeps showing up in my(22m) life
Am I ruining my girlfriend's career
I [30F] have not been handling my break up well with my ex [30m] and I just want to know there’s a light at the end of the tunnel.
What does "I need more time" exactly mean?
I [21F] am a bridesmaid in my friend's [22F] wedding, but I hate her fiance's guts [23M]. What do I do?
Mother [70] is all alone now that grandmother [90] has died. What can I [32] do to help her cope and build a new life?
I broke up with her a few days ago and am having a mental shitstorm deciding if I should ask for her back.
I broke up with her a few days ago and have been having a mental shitstorm wondering if I should ask for her back.
Lied to for a whopping 8 months
Bf thinks i’m talking to other people
my (20f) alcoholic husband (21m) scares me
Am I ruining my girlfriend's career
Should I break up with my bf due to my chronic pain?
I (30F) Need to hear about how you recovered from devastating breakups
I broke up with her a few days ago, and have been having an inner war as to whether I should go and make up with her or continue on.
Should I leave my boyfriend due to my chronic pain?
My grandma [90] was basically my mom's [70] one friend for 30 years. What do I [34] do now that she's gone?
for those of you who dated/dating a man with kids, how’s it working?
Girlfriend makes me so nauseous I can’t help but vomit.
secretly helped my BF cheat in school, now he's making a big deal out of it
My [28 F] boyfriend's [28 M] sister [26 F] doesn't like me and I'm not sure what approach to take.
my (20f) alcoholic husband (21m) scares me
I [25F] need to work on feeling comfortable initiating sex with my boyfriend [29M]
I'm either stupid or naive, maybe both. Please help.
Will I (24m) ever find what I had with my ex (23f) again? Or am I forever doomed?
I [20F] think I just ruined a friendship with [M20]
My boyfriend and I disagree about moving in with each other
My boyfriend and I disagree on moving in with each other
secretly helped my BF cheat in school, now he's making a big deal out of it
What should I [20F] do about my jealous feelings towards my boyfriend [20M]?
I (36 m) need honesty/monogamy reality check regarding girlfriend (30 f)
HELP. Should I report my bf’s dad & wife to the CAS (Children Aid Society)?
How can I (25M) escalate the conversation to sex?
My bf (24) sometimes ignores things I (23) say. Is this normal?
how to/should I end my long term relationship
Can a relationship TRULY SURVIVE domestic violence? [TL;DR at the end.]
how to end a long term relationship
I'm a [F, 19]
How do I deal with a friend who is disrespectful of my time?
My best friend's boyfriend might be cheating and I may have caught him but I'm not sure.
my partner (26 m) knows i (24 f) need more affirmation but isn't willing/able to give it to me
How can I (25M) escalate conversations to sex?
My bestfriend/Housemate's boyfriend might be cheating and I may have caught him a few months back
I (30F) just found out my husband (38M) has a restraining order from a previous relationship (35F).
Which is worse: Cheating on someone or breaking up with them?
Lifelong friends have completely shunned me because one of our group told me to invite a guy to his party and ask him to “bring girls”, he brought three underage girls and I promptly kicked them out but I have been shunned completely
hey im 27 and been single for a long time. need help
My boyfriend’s friend’s creepy dad
My boyfriend (M28) keeps picking gaming over me (F26).
Oh dear
My boyfriend (M28) keeps picking gaming over me (F26)
I think I got my girlfriend fired
Which is worse: Cheating on someone or breaking up with them?
I (22M) have been abused by another man (21M) in my fraternity for years
My (F22) boyfriend (M22) keeps telling his friends/family about things I would rather stayed between us.
[M30] [F30] I get mad with my wife
I[24M] am struggling with moving on from my ex[22F] any advice appreciated
Sister [32F] drove with [1M] unsecured in the back of her car and has lost custody rights to her ex [34F]. She hasn't come out of her room to do anything but eat in weeks.
Is it possible to be in love with a person, yet not like them so much?
Fell in love with a disaster
My (M/24) retroactive jealousy is ruining relationship with GF (F/29).
Me [24 M] need time to myself after texting[22 F]
My (17M) girlfriend (19F) have issues because of our age.
My boyfriend is so interested in my odd phobia, I find it very sweet
For those who have been "in love"....Did you also like the other person?
[M30] [F30] I get mad with my wife
My boyfriend thinks it’s okay to say the n word in a “safe space”
Coronavirus
For those who have been "in love"....Did you also like the other person?
Boyfriend (M24) has small penis and sex is bland and forceful sometimes. Should I break up?(F22)
Need advise with relationship during COVID-19
Talking for almost 3 months due to COVID - testing physical compatibility? [26f, 35m]
My 16 year old step son is a delinquent. I don't know what to do
Boyfriend (M,24) has small penis and can be a bit forceful at times. Should I break up? (F,22)
My boyfriend thinks it is okay to use the n word in a “safe space”
Girlfriend of 5 years not willing to grow-up M[23] F[24]
My (28F) relationship with my best friend (38M) suddenly got really weird today, and I'm not sure how to proceed
I [24 M] disagree with my 3 friends [23-25 M] on using my car for our upcoming road trip.
How do I get my girlfriend back who lost feelings for me
No, seriously. How do you date as a single mum?
I'm [27/M] have been getting to know a woman [29/F] for the past few months, but I'm not sure if there's the potential for anything to develop from it.
I(27f) blocked my ex-friend(31m) after he got angry at me for not buying a birthday cake while I grieve over a death of a family member
My friends make me feel bad for don't break quarantine
My ex(friend) got blocked after he called me out for not buying a birthday cake while I grieve over a death of a family member.
My ex(friend) got blocked after prioritizing a birthday cake over the death of a family member of mine
My (F,23) boyfriend (M,25) is obsessed with death and I am not sure what to do or how to help.
Toxic (26f) “friend” won’t respect my (25f) boundaries?
Checking her social media
Can't stop being jealous of my [20M] friend [19F] of 3 years
My ex(friend) got blocked after prioritizing a birthday cake over a death of a family member of mine.
My boyfriend(27M) misses sex with his ex
Am I a Cinderella or ungrateful person?
My boyfriend thinks the n word is okay if it is in a “safe space”
I [43M] need help getting over my exgf [37F] after she cheated and lied to me.
I, (F25) moved out impulsively due to my mother’s boyfriend. Mother will defend him to the death. Tell me your thoughts...
Checking social media
I (f20) need help with an opaque boyfriend (m21) who hates communicating
I (18F) want a baby so badly and I know I can’t have one right now. How do I talk to my husband (26M) about it?
I'm [27/M] interested in a woman [29/F] who I think sees me more as a potential friend than a love interest.
I [16M] have been having dirty thoughts about my sister [5F]
I [43] need help getting over my exgf [37F] who cheated on me and lied to me.
I’m (f20) not sure how to deal with these things about my boyfriend (m21)
Was I too harsh on my guy friend?
What is up with a person [32m] who would do this to me [32f]?
I (24F) just got dumped by my (31M) boyfriend of 5y, how do I stop myself from contacting him and begging for him?
I am (34)LIFE HAS TAUGHT ME AND I WANT MY FELLOW WOMEN TO LEARN FOR MY EXPERIENCE.
My [22F] bf [22M] hid his Instagram stories from me and I don’t know what to say/do
I have a crush on my guy friend who's taken¡
I (F 21) feel like I'm not a great addition to my boyfriend's life (M 25)
Hmmm unsure about something
Don’t know what this means, is she or is she not interested? Move on?
How can I (28F) support my partner (33M) who is having a business conflict with a mutual friend (31M)?
Why does my [28f] ex [37m] care about me?
Dumped after fake dog death
My best friend [30F] wanted to visit me [32M] while I am on a long holiday. My girlfriend [34F] wouldn't allow it. Things are now awkward
[26F] [27M], 1+ year, moving in together. How to make sure it’s fair?
Would You Move Across Province with your SO?
My (23f) bf (26m) can’t compromise on anything and constantly has to have his way or no way
I (F) feel like I'm not a great addition to my boyfriend's life
How can I (28F) support my partner (33M) who is having a business conflict with a mutual friend (31M)?
I (25m) ignored my friend (20m) and now he’s angry at me
I (18M) am unsure if I should contact ex (18F) even if we are on good terms
Strict parents don't know about my relationship and I'm planning to move out
17 and Moving to my girlfriend parent's family soon. Advice please!
[32m] looking for advice on how to date [34f]
[32 M] looking for advice on how to date [34 F]
Celebrating a friends 18th while having social Anxiety
Man (29M) I’m(27F) seeing is still active on dating app
Quarantine Birthday Ideas!!
Girl cheated on me with my friend for a reason that has occurred to me multiple times now.
Celebrating 18th Birthday of a friend while suffering from social Anxiety( And COVID)
25F, 45M, few months, would you say these are “red flags”?
Breaking up w/ her. Best thing or tragic mistake?
My [28M] girlfriend [22F] of four years criticizes every single thing I do.
Keeping financial situation hidden until marriage?
My boyfriend(27M) misses sex with his ex
Girl cheated on me with my 6’4 Friend.
Looking for advice!!
Keeping finances hidden in a relationship?
Man (29M) I’m(27F) seeing is still active on dating app
I (f18) feel inadequate to my old friends and cant make new friends online.
What do you do when you lost the excitement in a relationship?
How do I (23F) work with this guy (23M) when he is in a committed relationship? Please read last post to know background.
How do I (23F) work with this guy (23M) when he's in a committed relationship? Please read last post to know the background.
25F, 45M, few months, would you say these are “red flags”?
I (15M) love my crush (15F) be and don't be know what to do
I’m a healthcare worker who has been sleeping casually with a colleague for a long time, this weekend I found he’s in a long term relationship. What do I do?
I (15M) love my crush (15F) and don't know what to do
What’s the best relationship advice you guys have ever received?
I (15M) love my crush (15F) and don't know what to do
I (18M) am unsure if I should still try to contact my ex(18F) because of how everything turned out
I(16F) love my boyfriend(16M) but can’t stop thinking about having a girlfriend
Was I (17F) abused by my ex (17M)?
My Girlfriend told me she doesn't find me sexy or attractive.
My [35F] Ex-FIL [70s] Keeps Calling Me Trying to Find Son
[May I develop genuine feelings towards a very good friend or do I want to preserve selfishly and desperately our friendship
My (17F) boyfriend (18M) received a message from ex (18F) out of the blue asking to reconnect.
Girlfriend [25f] found out I [27m] make 3 times her salary. She now thinks I am cheaping out on her . She wants more expensive gifts and doesn't want to pay out of pocket anymore.
Being in a relationship with your ex but without the label?
Man (29M) I’m(27F) seeing is still active on dating app
I (F18) want to improve my relationship with my dad (M 56)
How should I (18M) tell my crush (18F) that I love her?
May I develop genuine feelings towards a very good friend or do I want to preserve selfishly and desperately our friendship
My [31F) husband [33M] asked me to lose weight even though I am at a healthy weight
Guy(M29) I’m(F27) seeing still active on the dating app where we met
My [31F] husband [33M] asked me to lose weight even though I am at a healthy weight
The guy I’m(F27) seeing(M29) Is still active on a dating app
Me [36 F] with my boyfriend [56 F] 1yr 2 months relationship, just found out his real age
How do (23M) I gain my (23F) girlfriends trust back?
UPDATE: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to move out of his parent's house or find a job
I peed all over my girlfriend's floor. She is the best girlfriend ever.
How do (23M) I gain my (23F) girlfriends trust back?
How can I (23M) tell if my GF (29F) is still romantically into me?
(F 18) I think I slightly resent my dad (M 55)
My [24F] mom [50] is toxic and I don't know how to have a relationship with her anymore.
(F20) Would it be fair to be angry at my BF (M21) for not checking up on an injured cat by his house?
UPDATE: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to move out of his parents house, or find a job
How I (23M) can tell if my GF (29F) is still romantically into me?
My (M18) girlfriend (F18) has been ignoring my messages
Opinions on my (24f) situation currently living at home with parents
How long before I (29F) should expect a guy (28F) to make up his mind if he wants to be with me or not?
I need immediate help..My (21F) ex's mom (21M) is dying right now from cancer as we speak, and he's calling me over and over. 30 minutes ago he was just emailing me saying Im a pathetic bitch and that if he kills himself over how I made him feel, I'm the one whose gonna "feel it in my chest"..
I [25M] just discovered a hidden talent of my wife's [24F] and I feel bad I never knew
Opinions on my (24 F) current situation living at home with my parents
How can I [28f] apologize to my ex [37m]?
My Ex likes and comments on all of my family's pics. Is this normal?
My (21f) ex-boyfriend (21m) broke up with me during quarantine claiming abusiveness throughout our year-long relationship
I need immediate help..My (21F) ex's mom (21M) is dying right now from cancer as we speak, and he's calling me over and over. 30 minutes ago he was just emailing me saying Im a pathetic bitch and that if he kills himself over how I made him feel, I'm the one whose gonna "feel it in my chest"..
I think I (25/F) was taken advantage of by friend (24/M)
Am I just being paranoid, or is my wife having an emotional affair?
When me (F22) and my Fiance (M24) “fight,” it’s always the same thing that comes up no matter the source of frustration. How can I/we help resolve this?
I(16F) love my boyfriend(16M) but can't stop thinking about having a girlfriend
Boyfriend has no self esteem and is afraid to say no to me how to help
My roommate continually trashes our house by "going though" boxes she STILL hasn't unpacked in the 6 months we have been here.
My [21F] boyfriend [29M] got into a fight because he would not get me alcohol.
Need a little help sorting out my (33f) weird weekend with my SO (35m) of 4 years and our dynamic with his roommate (38f)
Strained relationship with my dad
I think I (25/F)was taken advantage of by friend (24/M)
How do I talk to my white boyfriend about race?
(20yo) Need to talk with a girl about relationships problems
I(16F) love my boyfriend(16M) but can't stop thinking about having a girlfriend
24M how do I stop over investing in people so quickly
I [28M] am feeling physically/sexually inadequate with my GF [28F].
A disturbing situation has been unfolding in my family (very messy divorce, extremely strange circumstances) and I don't even know what to think or do anymore. I'm deeply unsettled and confused. What to do about my (24F) father (60M)?
How do I deal with my conflicted feelings about my parents?
24M how do I stop over investing in people so quickly
A disturbing situation has been unfolding in my family (very messy divorce, extremely strange circumstances) and I don't even know what to think or do anymore. I'm deeply unsettled and confused. What to do about my (24F) father (60M)? Is the end of our relationship?
I never understood why having a emotional connection to other people (like having a wife or a husband) is considered important...I just have sex with people, I never understood how someone can be more than a friend or sexpartner. Could you people here on this sub explain to me: Why a relationship?
My boyfriend (M,24) made a music video made up entirely of selfies of himself and sent it to me (F,22). Narcissistic much?
I never understood why having a emotional connection to other people (like having a wife or a husband) is considered important...I just have sex with people, I never understood how someone can be more than a friend or sexpartner. Could you people here on this sub explain to me: Why a relationship?
HELP NEEDED: How to phrase my unhappiness
What do I do?
How do I (25f) tell my partner (28m) that I don't want to be on birth contorl anymore?
My girlfriend [25 F] and I [28 M] had a disagreement about pornography and now I’m not sure what to do.
How do I (25f) tell my partner (28m) that I don't want to be on birth control anymore?
How?
Boyfriend (22M) decided to move out exactly when I'll (27F) be unemployed and won't return me money
How do I {17F} tell my mom that I want to move in with my father full-time when I turn 18?
My boyfriend sent me a music video he made of a bunch of selfies of himself. Narcissistic much?
How can I convince my father to go to a therapist? (Long backstory)
My (F34) boyfriend (M38) told me he likes to have his own space
Should I cut off my ex?
My [26F] just called it off with me [27M] because of lockdown?
My girlfriend [29f] and I [26m] don’t know what to do about her brother ex [26f] and are getting creeped out.
My girlfriend [29f] and I [26m] don’t know what to do about her brothers ex girlfriend [26f]
Former roommate only blamed me when her living situation got turned upside down.
How do I (30/F) politely tell my friend (35/M) that I don’t want a play by play of each of his dates and sexual conquests?
Boyfriend (22M) decided to move out exactly when I'll (27F) be unemployed and won't return me money
I (15F) got really upset at my friend (15F) I want to apologise, but I feel so strongly about my opinion. What do I do?
Pregnant (30sF) and need relationship advice. X-Post to r/deadbedrooms
My [17f] sister [13f] is constantly comparing herself to me and trying to compete with me
Is this guy (27M) I'm (25F) going on dates with legit or I'm good being doubtful?
My [17f] sister [13f] is constantly comparing herself to me and trying to compete with me
Is it better for me [26M] to cut out racist friends from my life, or keep in touch and continue to try and change them?
Is this guy (27M) I'm (25F) going on dates with legit or I have reasons to be doubtful?
Would I invade his privacy by confronting him?
Girlfriend (19) thinks she's betraying her parents trust by dating me
My (19 F) Boyfriend (19) no longer tries nor puts anymore effort
Bisexual woman only turned on by gay men?
I'm pregnant and need advice. X-Post to r/deadbedrooms
Woman but only turned on by gay men?
I have no idea what to do right now
Should I find the right one?
My [26M] friendship group from high school have racist opinions that they can't seem to grow out of. Do I cut them out or carry on trying to change them?
My (25M) girlfriend (21F) killed my pet spider after an argument, she swears it was an accident but I am really finding it hard to believe her. Can we move past this with all of the mistrust I now have because of it?
Should I find the right one?
Girlfriend got mad for having 2 girls join my party. Any advice?
Girlfriend got mad for having 2 girls join our party. Any advice ?
Boyfriends ex still has pictures of them of social media, makes me insecure
Girlfriend got mad because 2 girls came to my party who are friends
Should i just end my long distance relationship or mive in with my bf against my parents wishes
Should I find the right one?
A girlfriend(23F) who is only nice when I(24M) am under full control of her
Just don't no what to do
Feeling anxious about my (20F) 2 year relationship with my boyfriend (21M)
I (24f) caught my boyfriend (25m) buying nudes, still insecure 6 months later
I tried to save my cousin from a screaming smoking sex worker, which later pushed me down the stairs and then called the cops on me and told a bitch paramedic that I’m a paranoid schizophrenic to make sure they sedate me.
Dealing with retroactive jealousy
Was I [25/F] being gaslighted by my supervisor [35/F]?
I don't know if i should end the relationship or move in with my ld partner against my parents wishes
Travel Infatuation or something real?
Brother [29m] stopped inviting me [25f] to his parties in fear I won't have fun which would ruin his night.
Brother [29m] stopped inviting me [25f] after I became single because he's worried I won't have a good time. Unsure how to fix the situation?
I (24f) caught my bf (25m) buying nudes, still insecure 6 months later
I [20s NB] said something awful to my partner [20s NB] while under the influence
I (F14) didn't cut off my toxic friend
I (29m) have a girlfriend (23f) and i lied to here in diffrent things
I (32/f) am on a DTR train going nowhere with my non-bf (32/m)
Cheating partner - unsure if he is a chaser, a cheat or needs to be honest about himself
Asked husband permisson to go to bed
How do I [M45] get back the love of my ex [F36]
I (25F) 2 Years Later, Still Think About My First Love (26F) During And PostBreak Up Of Other Relationships
I [20s NB] said something awful while under the influence to my partner [20s NB]
Is it really that rude to come over to a family member's house uninvited?
I (18f) think I may need to break up with my boyfriend (19m) because he’s becoming too much
I think I (18F) may have to break up with my boyfriend (19F)
Sisters friend (35) posted baby pics of myself (38) and my sister (36) when there’s no physical way she could have accessed these pics. Should I say something?
How can I keep a girl intersted after only texting for months?
Am I (28w) in a toxic relationship with my (26m) boyfriend? Please I need help
Travel love infatuation or maybe something more?
[20/f] Am i wrong for cutting my friend (20/f) off?
Is it okay to breakup because of this?
My [25f] bf [29m] woke up a completely different person please help me
Am I [18 F] being unreasonable for expecting my sister [25 F] to help our mom [58 F] around the house more?
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
Me [27] confused by a guy from college [40]
My (31M) wife (30F) doesn't like that I drink, but I only have a few shots every few days.
Cheating partner - unsure if he is a chaser, a cheat or needs to be honest about himself
How can I keep a girl intersted after just texting for months?
My partner (30) and I (30) got into a drunken disagreement about public peeing..
Should I (25 M) keep some minimal contact with my dad (56 M) even if just for my mom's (53 F) sake?
(28M) (24F) Fiance Left
My boyfriend [M25] made me [F25] really upset so I retaliated by deleting his Minecraft world. How can I resolve this?
Talking to 13 y/o brother about porn addiction. Quick advice needed.
I had to become skinny to avoid being groped
Talking to 13 y/o brother about porn addiction. Quick advice needed.
Boyfriend thinks he can read my mind
Boyfriend thinks he can read my mind
I(31m)was told by my friend(30f) that I’m too negative and that is why she doesn’t want to hang out with me. How do I fix myself?
My [25f] bf [29m] woke up a competely different person. Please help me
I (24m) started a relationship when I had underlying issues with her
How do I (F28) stop being a toxic person to my partner (M29) of 9 years?
I became skinny to avoid being groped
My [21F] father [60M] is demanding I pay rent because I've been home from college due to the pandemic. Should I move out?
Best friend’s boyfriend vs my boyfriend
My [21F] father [60M] is demanding rent because I've been home from college due to the pandemic. Should I move out?
Any help?
Boyfriends ex still has pictures of them of social media, makes me insecure.
My 21 year old boyfriend is a momma’s boy
My ex (35m) is already stalking me. In need of Advice please.
Unfaithful
Don't start a relationship if you have underlying issues.
I [22F] want to stop seeing my therapist [50sF] but I’m concerned that she will try to make me continue our sessions.
I (17M) have horrible anxiety about my partner(16F) who i am in a long distence ralationship with cheating on me
He’s a momma’s boy
How do I stop being toxic? (F29) towards my (M28) partner of 9 years.
Relationship
Mother (38) keeps making comments pushing me to move out and generally guilt tripping me (19 f)
Yearning for something you never had...
Relationship problem
My boyfriend hates birthdays but I still want to make his upcoming birthday special
long distance
MY BIGGEST CRUSH!
How do you break up with someone who threatens harm and suicide attempts every single time?
My (29M) girlfriend (26F) recently told me she both still feels really nervous around me, and under a lot of pressure when we hangout, I'm unsure of what to make of this but would also like advice to help her feel more comfortable around me.
Not in a relationship I’ve just never dated anyone before. I’m 14 Male, She’s 14 Female.
I’m not sure what to do
How do I[16M] stop getting jealous over my girlfriend[16F] of 1 year's male friends at school.
Not in a relationship I’ve just never dated anyone before. I’m 14 Male, She’s 14 Female.
How to deal with “flakey” friends ?
I (25M) have just found out my husband (23M) had sex with someone four months ago the week I left for deployment (I am still in deployment). What do I do it’s not the first time.
Not in a relationship I’ve just never dated anyone before.
long distence
Looking at my (M26) parents' (M71/F65) marriage, I feel fear to commit with my girlfriend (F29) of 4 years
How do you deal with “flakey” friends ?
21 (m) and 19 (f) advice on overcoming relationship issues, insecurities, and sexual performance issues.
I (24M) have a crush on a co worker (23F) and don't know what to do?
don’t know what to do with my mom anymore.
I’m [23F] pregnant and my boyfriend [25M] is always mad at me.
My 19 y/o sister told our sick mom to "eat Oreos and go to sleep"
should i[20M] be concerned from lack of texting from girl [21F]?
What to do for six month anniversary!!!?
My (16F) mother (43F) keeps sticking up for my Step-Dad (43M) who eats all the food.
should i[20M] be concerned from lack of texting from girl [21F]?
My 19 y/o sister told our sick mom to "eat Oreos and go to bed"
My (f17) little brother (10) keeps breaking my stuff and my mom (40-something) won't do shit about it.
I (25F) 2 Years Later, Still Think About My First Love (25F) During And PostBreak Up Of Other Relationships
19M was talking to 20F felt so much connection and attraction, but I don’t feel good enough for this person
Girlfriend forgot where I'm from, am I blowing this out of proportion ?
Is lack of texting and calling a sign he (33m) doesn’t care about me (28f)?
I’m withdrawing my son’s [18M] college application. He’s never going to attain higher education if he abuses us the way he does. He’s a little insensitive and narcissistic prick and I don’t know what I can do with him anymore. How can I get him to respect me?
Gf suddenly got better in bed
What do you think?
My girlfriend forgot my race, am I blowing this out of proportion ?
Gf suddenly got better in bed
He’s gone
Does my 23 (M) long Distance girlfriend 25(F) have body-image issues?
Envy is affecting how I [F26] feel about my friends [F23] and [F27]
Brother [29m] feels responsible for me [25f] so does not invite me places. Unsure how to handle.
Envy about $$$ is affecting how I feel about my friends
Am I (F24) an asshole for knocking a couple of people off of my body count?
Are these Body image issues my 25(F) long-distance girlfriend has?
Is my Wife's Proposal if we get divorced reasonable? What are your thought?
I never meet my bf family
My wife's proposal if we divorce. Reasonable? Crazy? Help me view this the right way
I need help
I sometimes find myself missing my ex even though he did horrible things to me
He’s gone
Boyfriend is mad at me because I upset his mum by doing something he asked me to do!
I (17F) told my dad my mom cheated and now my whole family hates me.
I'm 19 and need advice
My (25M) friend (24M) has been suspicious lately and i dont know what to do
My best friend has low self esteem and I don't know how to deal
Boyfriend angry because I upset his mum, whilst doing something he asked me to do
Should I (24f) tell my friend (28f) I think her bf (29m) is possibly gay? [Friendship]
My girlfriend broke up with me after 1 year
How long to wait to speak to someone I care about after breaking contact?
I (26f) think my friends (28f) bf (29m) is gay. Am I out of line?
My D&D group wants to meetup despite the COVID-situation
I (17F) don't feel happy with my partners (18 and 19M) but I love them and don't know how to proceed
Wedding
Multiple Messages from Former Lover’s Mom through FB Messenger.
Girlfriend kissed her friends
My dad and I got in a huge fight. I get arrested. Advice? (26 M) (50M). Was planning on moving out in September but now I have to find a place quick.
Can't seem get over my (M21) breakup
I (f 20) feel as if my mother (f 55) is never fully satisfied with what I do...
How long to wait to speak to someone I care about after breaking contact?
I (F 20) feel as if my mother (F 55) is never completely satisfied with what I do.
My dad and I got in a huge fight. I get arrested. Advice? (26 M) (50M). Was planning on moving out in September but now I have to find a place quick.
Freshly Broken. Help Me See the Good Again?
Not impressed.
I (20 F) feel as if my mother (F 55) is never completely satisfied with what I do.... and it’s taking a toll on me.
I[M19] am worried that I'm overreacting when it comes to how my girlfriend [20]acts in a relationship.
I (23F) don't know what to do about my mother (50F)
Obsessive creeping on Ex
Yesterday I (21M) met back up with the girl (20F) who jilted me three months ago, after the third date.
Next course of action?
Obsessive creeping on ex
(40f) don’t like to be heard during sex with my bf (30m). My boyfriend thinks that’s ridiculous and makes me feel bad for feeling that way.
My (26f) cousin (47m) abused me as a child and my mother (60f) refuses to believe or acknowledge it. She wants me to forgive him and let him in my life. It’s ruining my relationship with her.
I’m a healthcare worker and I realised my colleague has been cheating on his long term girlfriend with me for 7 months
Mom (F50) is pissed because I (F22) said I've been seeing someone (M26) for months now. She thinks she has a say on who I should date.
Am I overthinking it or being worried for nothing? Guy I'm talking hasn't been online for (almost) 2 days which is quite unusual from him.
Next course of action?
Stage 5 clinger? I am really confused with this one.
In love with a man (28M) who doesn’t believe I (22F) am a virgin.
My boyfriend (M,25) can’t stop talking and thinking about death and idk what to do. Please help.
Best friend might cut me off for girlfriend
I (F20) enjoy short-term relationships and see relationships as an experience. What’s the catch here?
I’m a 29 years old single lady ,looking for a man from range of 30-50 years old for a serious relationship Serious minded men should dm
(25M) How much does moving out of the city actually affect social and dating opportunities?
I’m a 29 years old single lady ,looking for a man from range of 30-50 years old for a serious relationship
My (26f) cousin (47m) abused me throughout childhood and my mother (60f) refuses to believe it. It’s ruining our relationship.
My [25M] relationship of 3 years recently ended, my ex [24M] is already in a new relationship but I havent moved on.
I’m a single lady looking for a man I can call mine
My ex dumped me and now I'm losing all my friends
I (F20) like short-term relationships and see relationships as an experience. What’s the catch here?
My boyfriend, 25, is freaking out about death and I don’t know what to do
My (25M) relationship of 3 years just ended, my ex (24MtF) has already moved on to a new relationship.
Am I [F, 27] sacrificing too much for my boyfriend [M, 36] by moving out half of the week?
I (25F) think I assaulted my boyfriend (28M)
Do I forgive?
Moving past domestic abuse and how to earn back my[f23] husbands[m28] trust.
My [26F] cousin [47M] abused me growing up, mother [60F] doesn’t believe me and it’s ruining our relationship
How would it feel to receive a memento of your deceased father on father's day?
I (27f) had a not-nearly-relationship with a guy (27m) but now we’ve moved cities
Being the sole decision maker to have children.
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
After a long time
Me (M,28) and my friend (F,29) from FB
[UPDATE] I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
I feel like my parents (53F.54M) are giving me (21F) a hard time just because i am different from my siblings (24M,18F)
I [24F] Broke up with my boyfriend [25M] After watching Midsommar with friends... Now people are mad at me.
After a long time
Female friend from FB
After a long time
I feel frustrated, and as a result im pushing away the people i care most about.
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (23M) want different things in life.
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (23M) want different things in life.
I feel frustrated, and as a result im pushing away the people i care most about.
How should I react to my friends downplaying the assault on me?
I(21M)broke up with my girlfriend(19F) because I wasn’t sure if I was happy anymore... I’m already feeling regret and feel like I should get back together?
23 and never been frisked, might be at risk!
I'm thinking about keeping her or just let her go.
I [M31] May Have Ruined My Marriage [6Y] With Wife [F31] With Affair [4 Mo] and Inadvertently Hurtful Comments. Is there any Hope?
Bestfriend might cut me off for girlfriend...
Single father
Have you had cases where you rethink about your SO because of their morality?
My girlfriend (31f) and I (38m) had conversation that she predicted and disregarded my thoughts without me saying anything
I (M21) dont know what to do with my never ending crush (F20) story
What should i do with my never ending crush story?
We don’t have sex
I am sad and tired of my husband
I am tired of my husband and sad
My husband and I have a serious problem
(19M) Struggling with moving on from 3 year friendship (20F)
I'm (F20) panicking over something I'm almost certain my boyfriend (M20) didn't do, but I don't know if it makes me a bad person
Partners to room mates
My (25M) girlfriends (30) ex boyfriend is starting to annoy me.
Was she (23/F) using me (23/M) this entire time or did I read things wrong?
Turning into room mates
How can I stop obsessing that my partner has had better sex before me [31F][33M]
Should I let my sons meet their eldest brother or should I wait till their bigger? My kids don't even know he exist, yet.
I keep liking Woman who are always in a relationship. How do i stop this?
I'm (25F) feeling sexually frustrated in my relationship (29M)
Girlfriend gave number to stranger
My (21F) ex (21M) and I broke up after almost 2 years and told me that after our first date, he drove to his Gf’s house, told her that he met someone else he knew he’d end up with, and told me how he watched her cry. Idk what to do..
I [26m] have a friend [27m] who will consistently not show up after making solidified plans with the friend group.
I (32F) am having a hard time coping being apart with my boyfriend (37M)
I (25m) want to break up with my gf (20f)
I'm (25F) feeling sexually frustrated in my relationship (29M)
Girlfriend gave number out to a stranger
My [23F] bf [25M] said in an argument the only reason he’s with me is because he’s physically attracted to me
I'm (M18) struggling to call in general with the people in my life, especially my girlfriend (F18)
My [23F] bf [25M] just said in an argument that the only reason he’s with me is because he’s physically attracted to me
My (25M) friend (24M) has been suspicious lately and i dont know what to do
He (m28) isn't who i (f20) fell in love with at the beginning
I [21F] had sex with my close friend [34M] as a one time thing, but now everything is weird
Me(24f) boyfriend (31m) doesn’t want to move in together.
Where does he go?
My (21F) ex (21M) and I broke up after almost 2 years and told me that after our first date, he drove to his Gf’s house, told her that he met someone else he knew he’d up with, and told me how he watched her cry ...
He (m28) is not the guy i (f20) first met
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) are expecting a baby in December but he doesn’t want us to move in together till summer next year .
My (21F) ex (21M) and I broke up after almost 2 years and told me that after our first date, he drove to his Gf’s house, told her that he met someone else he knew he’d up with, and told me how he watched her cry ...
Me [30 M] with my wife [30F], gets dark thoughts regularly and wants a divorce when she's on her period.
What's tiny uncurvy Asian girls [20s] stance on cute white guys [mid 20s] who are into natural bodybuilding?
There’s no way around it. As much as you like to think you’ve got your life all in control, to hear that your spouse is in love with someone else is just killer.
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) doesn’t want us to move in together
I (23f)) feel completely invisible to my partner (35m)
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) been dating for one year and we’re are expecting a baby in December but he doesn’t want us to move in together till summer next year .theres no real reason other than he wants to save up for us to get our own place but I don’t mind living with him and his Flatmate.
How much do you miss out on when you choose not to have children?
My boyfriend wants to be a cop.
Me (24f) Boyfriend (31m) are expecting a baby in December but he doesn’t want us to move in together till summer next year .theres no real reason other than he wants to save up for us to get our own place but I don’t mind living with him and his Flatmate
How to get over my (22F) boyfriend (23M) calling me names in an argument?
My (26F) boyfriend's (36M) depressive symptoms & severe oversleeping are adversely affecting our relationship. How do I support him without enabling destructive behavior?
My [24f] younger sister [21f] always likes to remind me she’s the “better looking” sister during an argument
Naming a dick
Recognized my ex wearing a mask
Recognized my ex despite a mask. First time seeing him in over a year
Help me get rid of my mindset of seeking out to girls as a potential girlfriend.
My long-distance girlfriend [F26] and I [M21] had to cancel our meeting trip due to Covid-19 and she didn't cope with it well. How can I help motivate her and help her cope?
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) Instagram dm’ed two girls while we were fighting, is this considered cheating?
My long-distance girlfriend [F26] and I [M21] had to cancel our meeting trip due to Covid-19 and she is not coping well with it. I feel like I'm in over my head.
tl;dr I can’t look at my boyfriend in the eyes; self conscious
My Boyfriend’s Mom is Controlling and Manipulative
How important is having children? Will you miss out on a lot if you don't have any?
[M34] Dating ex girlfriend’s niece [F23] Her mom now wants her to end it but we already are in love
I feel like I (30f) don’t see my boyfriend (40m) often enough. How often should you see your partner?
I (18m) messed up big time and am seriously scared of losing my girlfriend (19f) of 11 months
How often should you see your partner?
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) Instagram dm’ed 2 girls while we were in a fight, is this considered cheating?
Help a brother out
Was he just trying to get in my pants
How much is too little?
[m34] dating ex girlfriends niece [F24] Are we wrong if we are legitimately in love? Her mom think we are horrible and it’s a huge shame to the family...
Embarrassing
My (22F) girlfriend (24F) says that DnD is a priority
I (21M) need advice on dealing with jealousy in new relationship (2 months) with (22F)
Can a relationship break you?
GENERAL If Someone Is Lying To You, They’ll Surely Use One Of These 5 Phrases
Advice on seperation anyone else went through this bad during pandemic
Can a relationship break you?
I’m in love with my ex-girlfriends niece. Are we as horrible as her mother says we are?
Should I be concerned? Boyfriend (25M) and me (24F)
my mom yells are me when i tell her what my siblings are doing from the same room, then yells at me more for telling her when she’s not paying attention.
Dealing w an ex
We broke up because of lockdown.
My [25] 2 roommates [24?] [25m] have been selecting ambient works
Is he cheating? I don’t want to throw away 10 years
What to do when your BF is hiding things?
Sometimes I (21F) get these random bouts of depression that make me act distant from my boyfriend (21m)
FWB is mad I posted a picture with another girl
Am I just looking for a problem ? 24f
My girlfriend [24 F] often feels like she is being used by me [29 M] when I initiate sex too often. How to handle this situation?
i don’t know how to trust my boyfriend, but i want to.
I (25F) feel I need to him (33M) the direction of where this is going. Advice?
Bf(23m) porn habits making me (23f) feel uncomfortable
I (22F) feel that my boyfriend (22M) wants someone better
Is it acceptable to hurt your partner in a way they continue to hurt you; In an effort to teach them your perspective, In hope they will discontinue such behaviour.
[24M/26F] I've been going out with this girl for 6 months. She's very distrustful of men and still doesn't wanna date, although she clearly likes me a lot. Should I persist or is it time to move on?
My (23f) bf(23m) porn habits make me uncomfortable
HOW TO FRIENDZONE
I’m still not sure how to feel when I run into the “other woman”, years later
My (23M) relationship (41F) is leaving me drained
Cross post
My gf is being dry again
My dad(50ish) and I (F29) really got into it tonight.
We broke up because of lockdown.
We broke up because of lockdown.
I (27F, married) am in love with another man (51y)
My father [58m] cussed out and fired my brothers friend [23m]
Slamming a door during an argument
A little help, please?
Slamming a door after an argument
I (male/16) asked my girlfriend (female/16) a question.
Advice
Need advice
Boyfriend talks to friends more then me
I (15M) am sick. Always feel like I'm left behind by my brother who's healthy.
I (37 M) am a straight man who is in love eith a younger guy with whom I had a situational sexual relationship in prison
I (male/16) asked my girlfriend (female/16) a question.
I (35 M) am a straight man who is in love with a younger guy with whom I had a situational sexual relationship in prison
She [23F] put a distance between us since I [25M] tell her I like her. We are friends before, but I'm not sure how to handle this, because the last time she texts me back is "I'm done"
I (37 M) a straight guy who is in love with this younger guy (28ish) whom I used to dominate when I was in prison
Reaching out
She [23F] said she feels uncomfortable with me [25M]. We know each other about a year ago, and since I confess to her, she put a distance towards me.
Is this a suspicious answer?
Is it wrong to ask whether the partner wants to be just fwb or not?
When will I (22f) stop missing him (23m)?
Guy stuff
Fell too fast now I’m lost
When do you stop missing someone?
My father [58m] cussed out and fired my brothers friend [23m]
I (19F) feel stuck in my home town, but my mom (54F) and boyfriend (22M) don't want me to leave.
Should I continue?
Not sure if I should continue?
How do I[32M] make up for what I said when I was drunk to my wife [32F]?
I’m a white guy (23) and my (24F) non-white friend told me today she hates all white people.
I[19,F] love my boyfriend[22, M] but i think i have a crush on someone else
I F(18) have a hard time dealing with my emotions when my boyfriend M(21) doesn’t text me for a period of time. And I can’t control it
My [24 F] boyfriend [22 M] constantly plays devil's advocate and I'm honestly not sure what to do anymore.
I F(18) have a hard time dealing when my boyfriend M(21) doesn’t text/call me for a period of time.
How do I tell my family about the death of a friend?
I have a hard time dealing when my boyfriend doesn’t text/call me for a period of time.
I (25F) am vocal about my political opinions on Facebook, my mom (52F) recently started a public argument with me and has since seemingly deleted me from her life. Unsure how to proceed.
Her (18F) and me (19m) have been together for a year and she thinks I am cheating on her because of images my friend sent me.
Problems dealing with certain emotions in my relationship
Fiancé caught cheating weeks after covid postponed wedding.
I(21M) feel like I have closed my heart towards feelings anything since my gf(21F) broke up with me and I feel disgusted with myself for that.
Need advice on how to deal with my (24F) husband's (29M) cheater friend
Been together for a year, she (18F) things I'm (19M) cheating on her when my friend sends me discord images.
My boyfriend (18) and I (F17) are considering doing long distance
(27) female noticed something odd about (30) male boyfriend .
I [28F] want to change industry, but my husband [42M] practically doesn’t work.
Just realized
When it’s good, it’s great but when it’s bad, it’s awful. (F21) (M22)
I'm [22 F] upset that my [22 F] friend had screenshots of a recent conversation on messenger, am I overreacting or should I talk to her about it?
My boyfriend (19) and I (F18) are considering long distance
I [28F] want to change industry, but my husband [42M] practically doesn’t work
I think that I [30 M] broke my [24 F] kind of ex-girlfriends heart and I don't know if I should reach out or how to proceed with it
boyfriend was my first kiss but he doesn’t know
boyfriend was my first kiss but he doesn’t know
do ex’s date again after months or years being broken up?
boyfriend was my first kiss but he doesn’t know
I [32M] want a good relationship with a [21+ F] How can do that?
I [30s] think my neighbors [30s] are shitty people, but our kids love each other and they're active in the neighborhood and the community
Can’t quit him!
I withheld info
What's to stop anyone from cheating on anyone?
Strange communication with coworker/crush
My parents expectations are too high.
I withheld info
Strange communication with coworker/crush
I love him but I hate him!
Just a questions
F(25) How to become an adult model?
Was I wrong
My (23f) SO (34m) cousin told me I have saggy boobs to my face in front of my SO. My SO did nothing.
I withheld info
[Update!] I (23m) sent out a heartfelt message (23) and got a lackluster response
How do I (20M) confront my racist father (45M) tonight, when he's drunk?
[Update!] I (23m) sent out a heartfelt message (23) and got a lackluster response
F(20-45) How to become adult model?
How do I (20M) confront my racist father (40M)? I'm about to explode
How do I confront my racist father? I'm about to explode
F(20-45)Wants be an adult model?
I WANT TO MOVE TO CANADA OR NORTH AMERICA
F(20-45) Submit yourself for magazine issue
How do I (20M) confront my racist father (45)?
(21M) Never kissed, had a relationship, or had sex since I'm afraid of intimacy/romance. Should I give it a brief try before deciding to postpone it indefinitely? Or would a short term relationship be damaging to me and the other person?
F(20-45) Submit yourself for magazine issue
How do I confront my racist father? I'm about to explode
Submit yourself for magazine issue!
Submit yourself for the next issue
My boyfriend and I are fighting...
URGENT MATTERS
I want to move to the USA or Canada.
The thought of asking a girl out overwhelms me [23M] and I'm not sure how to deal with it
My boyfriend (21M) and I (20F) pretty much always split costs 50/50, my mom (56F) doesn’t seem to think that’s normal
How do I [25m] approach my mother [50F] about her excessive purchasing and use of wellness supplements, USA
Quick in 20 minutes it's our 3 years. I need an ig caption
Quick its our 3 year in 30 minutes. I need an IG caption
People who had gone to live with her SO to another country
After 7 months, are we still in the honeymoon phase?
We don’t have sex
Hey ppl
After 7 months, are we still in the honeymoon phase?
Quarantine breakup between me [32F] and my bf [35M]
We don’t have sex
Boyfriend fetishizing me being bi
Quarantine broke up me [32F] and my bf [35M]
he’ll call his friend (who’s a girl) but not me, his girlfriend.
Help with Exboyfriend
Quarantine breakup
Can you help me (16W) find subject or fun facts to talk with my dad(46M) on a 5h road trip?
I (26F) made a bad situation for myself and all involved. Husband (26M) my bf (32M) and his gf (28F).
My [20M] Girlfriend [20F] played a video game on a voice channel with an ex and lied
is this relationship worth fighting for?
Help with Ex Boyfriend
Can you help me (16W) find subject or fun fact to talk with my dad(46M) on a 5h road trip?
My (39f) husband (41m) made a joke about a dv incident and I don't think it's funny
Has the Corona Virus helped with any of your relationships?
Need help balancing FOMO with activities I have no interest in
Question for the ladies
Has lockdown helped with any of your relationships?
subject or fun facts to talk with my dad on a 5h road trip? (16W)
UPDATE 2: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to move out of his parents house or find a job
Need help spending time with friends with things I want to do
My (M20) gf’s (F21) avoidance towards certain objects/places/people because of trauma is causing issues
Have any of you (women) who are in a long term relationship started to feel insecure when your SO no longer compliments you like they used to.
My girlfriend's father [54M] is verbally and emotionally abusive towards her [18F], and I [24M] want to help, but she is financially dependent on him
How can I get my husband to trust me?
UPDATE 2: My [22F] fiance [33M] developed a video game addiction, refuses to leave his parent's house or get a job
Is it time for me (21F) to end things with my boyfriend (24M)?
How much money/value is too much to accept from my (22F) bf's (24m) parents as a birthday gift for me?
Should I (19M) tell my sister (21F) and my girlfriend (19F) about a weird experience with my sister's boyfriend (23M)?
My (25f) mother (60f) talks too much
How do I leave my (23F) boyfriend (22M)
Boyfriend makes me feel shitty a lot
Am I being crazy for wanting my boyfriend to play video games less often
Boyfriend making me feel like shit
Am I being crazy in thinking that my boyfriend should play less video games
My (20s F) boyfriend (20s M) tried to have s*xual contact with my while HE was asleep. Not sure what to do next.
Just a little too much pride between a 24 year old male and 19 year old female.
help
How can I let my GF know that her insults hurt my feelings ? (HELP)
Had a very embarrassing experience with a casual but intimidating hook up and now I don’t know what to do.
Have you ever been with someone you actually trust? How was it?
My (31f) husband (27m) won't bond with new puppy
How to love
i (19f) feel insecure and insufficient in my relationship (8 months)
How can I get my husband to trust me?
I [24m] spent the night on a date at this [24f] girls' house. Halfway through she asked if I wanted to sleepover. Took it as she wanted to fuck so I got super touchy-feely, cuddled her all night and made out but she didn't want sex. Now shes being short with me when I asked about a follow-up date.
I looked at my wife's porn history and it destroyed me. :( (33M) (31f)
Can drop your pride be the safe word
I (21F) feel weird about my SO (27M) sketchy road trip.
I looked through my wife's browser history once and can't get over it.
"I do what I want. Who I want"
My boyfriend and his friends are becoming my only friends.
I Looked Through My Wife's Browsing History and Didn't Like What I Saw... (33m) (31f)
Husband won't bond with puppy
I don’t understand if a guy (21M) is into me and I feel like i’m about to miss the perfect guy just because I lack confidence.
Why do I keep trying things that he likes?
SO traveling to sketchy places and I feel weird.
My [31 F] Husband [31 M] is extremely overweight, and gets angry when I try to intervene.
My (20sF) boyfriend (20sM) tried to have sexual contact with me while HE was asleep.
How do I [21F] accept my boyfriend [24M] has different political opinions?
I'm (30/f) struggling to have opinions about certain things my friends (31/m and 35/f) really have strong opinions about.
I (19m) am getting kicked out for beating my (14M) cousin.
I feel disrespected by my niece and mom. Any relationship advice?
She wants to be best friends after cheating twice
[20sM] I'm stuck wanting to fix things with ex [20sF] of 6 months
My (20) boyfriend (19) has a video of his friend looking into the camera and slowly sucking a banana. Help please.
She wants to be best friends after cheating twice
Give up on Relationship as we are living Far from each other?
I don't feel respected by my niece and mom. Any advice?
I'm (26F) considering ending my longest ever relationship (27M) of 14 months. Friends and family tell me I'm too picky, give up too easily, or what I really want is a woman. (X-post)
My [22 M] girlfriend [20 F] said she didn’t want my anniversary gift to her, then tried to backpedal. Are my feelings valid?
My [22 M] girlfriend [20 F] said she didn’t want my anniversary gift to her, then tried to backpedal
My (20) boyfriend (19) has a video of his friend looking into the camera and sucking a banana. Why does he keep it?
Couple questions
A PERFECT GIFT FOR YOUR GF/BF
How do I (27F) stop being insecure and frustrated about the fact that my husband's (29M) twin sister knows him much better than I do and probably always will
I don't know if I (26M) should end a polyamorous relationship with one person (28NB) to be with someone else (26M)
Couple questions?
Dandelion wish
My [22M] parents [50s] won't let me stay over other people's houses and don't want me to move out.
My girlfriend's male friend constantly flirts with her and asks for her nudes all the time, but she won't cut him off
Give up on Relationship as we are living Far from each other
Is my ex justified in feeling hurt because I swiped right (on Tinder) on someone she knows?
I [19M] have an irrational (?) fear that my girlfriend [19F] might still be in love with her ex boyfriend/my longtime good friend [19M] while not being very open with me
Break up haunts me and kinda can't move on
I (24m) feel like I’m not compatible with my (24f) fiancé anymore. *UPDATE*
My (21F) boyfriend (43) clearly dislikes me, and it's ripping me apart.
My(26) friend (27) had a very public mental breakdown and she went away for a while but she's back and revealed new things. How do I help?
My girlfriend's male friend flirts with her a lot, and asks to see pictures of her boobs, but she won't cut him off
[24M] My girlfriend [24F] of 4 and a half years broke up with me and I’m self destructing
My recent ex [F22] said she needed some time before thinking about getting back together and she wants me [M21] to become her friend again before getting back together.
I don’t know what to do anymore.
I don’t know what to do.
I (24m) feel like I am no longer compatible with my (24f) fiancé. I also changed my mind about kids. *UPDATE*
How (M22) to have a great reuniting with my gf (22) after quarantine?
My (26) friend (27) had a very public mental breakdown and she just revealed some things to me, how do I help?
Me(25m) and she (25f)
How (M22) to have an amazing reuniting with my gf (22) after quarantine?
My boyfriend wants me to up my standards for him?
Me(18f) and my bf(18m) are having problems.
My (F/21) BF (M/22) seems ungrateful and lazy.
I (21 F) can feel my boyfriend (43) getting more resentful by the day
How (m22) to make sparks fly with my gf (22) when seeing her after quarantine?
Me and my bf are having problems. Help!
SCANNED WATERCOLOR PORTRAITS FOR $15 PER HEAD
Break haunts me
(M)y brother (28) is going through an emotional turmoil and I (f 19) feel helpless.
(M)y brother (28) is going through the most intense emotional turmoil I ( f 19 )have witnessed, and I don't know how to help him.
How do I (21M) learn to become a better man for my girl (20F)
My recent ex [F22] said she needed some time before thinking about getting back together and she wants me [M21] to become her friend again before getting back together.
I [21M] don't know how to let down my friend [28M] without losing him as a friend.
SCANNED WATERCOLOR PORTRAITS FOR $10 per Head
I[22F] brought up a past resolved issue to my [23M] boyfriend and I don’t know what to say to resolve
A former friend just contacted me. How should I go about this?
It haunts me and i can't move on
How do I (27F) address or deal with my BF's (28M) silent treatment and insecurities?
Me [20, M] being bored with relationship with my [19, F] girlfriend of 2.5 years during pandemics.
A former friend just contacted me. How should I go about this?
I [25/F] don't know if he [23/M] is still interested in me
My parents don't trust me to have a computer or phone in my room and it makes me upset. (18F)
feeling lonely
How do I (27F) address or deal with my BF's (27M) silent treatment and insecurities?
I (20F) Don't Know How To React To Husband (20M) Refusing To Go On Family Holiday
My (24M) girlfriend (26F) of 7 months has been dishonest about her history
Did I [23M] overact to my ex [26F] hooking up with her old FWB 3 weeks after our breakup?
Is it weird for me (2x f) to date a friend’s ex (2x m)?
My boyfriend (20M) of 3 years is having serious doubts about me (19F) and it’s making me an insecure nutcase?
He's not what I want anymore
Update on my situation. I have decided to go through with a divorce after 2 months.
Was my housemate manipulative during our argument? (23, F) and (65,M)
Was my housemate manipulative during our argument?
[M20] My inability to discuss bad childhood experiences indirectly lead to a breakup [F21]. Is this something I should discuss?
How can I (m35) fix/apologize breaking my gf (f31) trust
My [F24] boyfriend [M26] is barely texting me or contacting me at all! Advice?
Depressed over a girl I wasn't supposed to fall for
My boyfriend (29M) is very religious, and I (26F) am not?
How do I get over this girl?
Question: Why does older hookup (47M) want to buy me (25F) stuff?
How soon is too soon?
Just a question
I (16M) have been feeling in love with a girl (16F) since January, I already asked her out once and got rejected but she recently liked me again before we stopped talking for a month or two. She has a bf now
I (m35) married to (f35) not interested in sex
My(28M) friend(27F) is acting weird after I broke with my (ex)girlfriend (27F), a seven years relationship.
How can I (m35) fix/apologize breaking my gf (f31) trust
Do men ever really want children?
What are the common stages of “getting to know each other”?
How do I stop being a toxic person?
My (22f) bf (23m) is better at making friends with me and I’m jealous
Haven’t seen SO for 2 months. When she said she can’t see me next week, I felt sad?
Older FWB wants to buy me something --- why? Is it an age thing? Not a SB
Haven’t seen SO for 2 months. When she said she can’t see me next week, I felt sad?
Should I encourage my friend to go to therapy?
Married but I hate sex, maybe I am not into women.
Explain to me what can be done, I‘ve tried to differ but haven’t really tried seriously.
23 and never been frisked, and might be at risk!
Half of my (32M) band (57, 51, and 47) is wanting to play live shows despite COVID health risks
I (18m) think I’m in love with my best friend (18f). What should I do?
23 and never been frisked, but I might be at risk!
I (18m) think I’m in love with my best friend (18f). What should I do?
Some members of my (32M) band (57M, 51M, and 47M) are wanting to play live shows despite my health concerns
Wife (34F) is hyperfixated and spends 95% of every day on her new hobby, and talks about little else. Trying to be supportive, but it's sapping my (33M) own creativity and energy.
chores
Relationships and pandemic
25M - Was, but not her (27F) only/first choice any more.
Relationships during pandemic
Pandemic and doubt
25M - Was, but not her (27F) only/first choice anymore.
Chores vs pay rent
My girlfriend(F,24) wants me(M,22) to text her all day everyday
I (40f) don’t like to be heard during sex with my bf (30m). Am I wrong?
I (23F) am having a hard time with my sexuality and my boyfriend (24M) wants to break up
Liking/Commenting on Photos
I won’t give up my guardianship over my brother and he doesn’t like that
I won’t give up my guardianship over my brother and he doesn’t like that
Heart Broken guy (31) needing a distraction
My girlfriend (F23) wants me(M22) to text her all day everyday
Friend or foe?
Liking/Commenting Photos
If a guy (28m) is inconsistent with me (22f) if he like that with every other girl in his life?
If a guy is inconsistent with me if he like that with every other girl in his life?
I (22F) am struggling with my sexuality but don't know how to feel while dating my GF (22F)
If a guy is inconsistent with me Is he probably like that with every other girl in his life?
Is a guy is inconsistent with me is he probably like that with every other girl in his life?
Is a guy is inconsistent with me is he probably like that with every other girl in his life as well?
I love my best friend
My (25f) is happy my boyfriends best friend is going to jail both (26m)
How do I (33F) keep from being forced into a high-pressure, stressful role at work?
My (25f) is happy my bfs best friend is going to jail (26m) both
Online "Dating"
I'm happy my (25f) bfs best friend is going to jail both (26m)
I (18 M) met my High School friend (17 F) today
My boyfriend won’t initiate sex with me anymore and it’s making me feel shitty
I (18 M) met my High School friend (17 F) today
My boyfriend wants me to raise my standards?
Single!!!!!
My boyfriend feels like he doesn’t have to try?
My [19NB] disabled boyfriend [24M] wants to organise a protest, and I'm honestly very scared.
I (27F) am having a difficult time dealing with my dad’s (60M) GF (45F)
Is there any hope of me (28/f) getting back with him (29/m) after I hooked up with an old flame?
I know I’m being a asshole trying to sabatoge a relationship but I’m still going to be a asshole
My(26M) Gf(25F) is angry at me for turning down sex.
My(26M) girlfriend (25F) is mad at me for turning down sex
Did I do a wrong thing towards my bf and friend or was I justified given the info I had?
My [32M] girlfriend's[26F] weight issues are causing some problems in our relationships.
I am much older than my young lover (18m). I think he is getting attached and has feelings for me, but I don’t want to end things
I, F (17), don't know if M (17) thinks I'm an afterthought
Not sure if I (31F) love him (33F) or if our 13 year relationship has run it's course.
Not sure if I (31F) love him (33F) or if our relationship has run it's course.
Boyfriend (23) of 5 years treats me(22) like a side piece to his family
I’m bothered by the past of a girl I’m talking to. Need some perspective and some personal experiences.
Friend has a close relationship with a priest
BF (30sM) told me (20sF) intent absolves a person from racist comments and to let go of how I feel.
When to move in together?
Secret in a relationship : Positive or negative?
I’ve realized that I (24F) have been friends with this guy (27M) for all the wrong reasons. Need help on how to end things
When to move in?
Are my parents (47F/44M) right for restricting me (17F)?
Don't Know if I (F18) Should Trust BF (M19)'s Explanation
My girlfriend cheated on me. I think I'm in need of a reality check. Please put it gently.
I am much older than my young lover (18m). I think he is getting attached and has feelings for me, but I don’t want to end things
My girlfriend cheated on me. I'm in need of a reality check. Please put it gently.
My future father-in-law[M64] wants me[M28] to take on my fiancée's[F29] surname.
My girlfriend cheated on me. I'm in need of a reality check. Please put it gently.
My(20F) and sister (22F) havent talked since september. And my little sister(10F) is so upset. And my mom bullies/gaslights me when she has the chance.
I (18f) like my sister's (25f) boyfriend (30m), and it's making me uncomfortable, how can I make it go away?
How do you tell your SO that you miss the little things they used to do for you without sounding like a nag or like you're attacking them?
My [28M] wife [27F] and her subconscious white privilege are frustrating me a lot these days
Protest
Torn between 2 people
My girlfriend had 10 exes and I don’t know how to feel. Is this an important factor. Need some perspective.
Indian boyfriend (M,24) video chats and makes flirty tiktok with women he claims to be just his "sister cousins," I'm worried. (F,22)
My [26F] boyfriend’s [27M] twin brother hates me and is ruining my relationship. I don’t know what to do!
How can I (25F) help my boyfriend (26M) lose weight?
Protest
My ex (33M) wants to get back together with me (21F) after getting someone pregnant and i’m not sure how to feel
How do you tell your SO you miss the little things they used to do for you without sounding too naggy?
I (F26) just started seeing her (F26) but I’m already seeing red flags. Am I right?
Communication
Protest
My (23m) girlfriend (20f) is TOO perfect
My ex (30M) wants to get back together with me (21F) after getting someone pregnant and i’m not sure how to feel.
Being apart has made me (24F) realize I no longer want to be friends with this guy (27M)
Protest
Torn between 2 people
Being apart has made me (24F) realize I no longer want to be friends with this guy (27M)
Should I be worried about my dating life?
Indian boyfriend (M,24) chats with a lot of girls but they're his "sister cousins" - I'm still worried (F,22)
I (F 26) just started dating her (F 26) and I already feel like there’s red flags. Am I right?
My boyfriend (23M) and I (21M) argue about nothing nearly every day.
Close relationships with a priest
My boyfriend (23M) and I (21M) argue about nothing every single day. how do we stop bickering about things that don't matter?
Person I’m talking to had 10 exes. Need some perspective and personal experiences on how to handle this.
He (36) Tells Me (26/F) I'm Constantly Negative, But I Don't Feel Like I Am...
Is my bf getting too comfortable/How can I be better?
My [27F] Boyfriend [30] is angry with me because his parents kicked us out
I [22F] accidentally scratched my sister’s [8F] face.
My (27F) Boyfriend (30M) is angry at me because his parents kicked us out
I'm (21F) re-evaluating sexual past with friend (27M) and considering cutting him off
My boyfriend (26m) is misogynistic and cruel to me (18f) in front of his friends.
My girlfriend has been cheating the whole time...or maybe I was too blind to realize I was in a fake relationship
I [22F] accidentally scratched my sister’s [8F] face.
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) is being distant and quiet
I (M, 69) went to see my girlfriend (F, 420) last night but my wife (F, 80085) stalked me
Survivors of toxic or traumatic parenting?!
I think I’m done with this
My[M19] Girlfriend[F18]'s parents have arranged a blind date for her
My[M19] Girlfriend[F18]'s parents have arranged a blind date for her
Boyfriend Saving other girls pictures
Friend flaked on me a week ago and hasn't text me back
How to let go?
How did you do it?
How do I (20M) let go of my ex partner (20F)
I'm (21F) re-evaluating sexual past with friend (27M) and considering cutting him off
My (22M) parents (50s) refuse to let me stay over people's houses and also refuse to allow me to move out.
Mom [45F] things the way my sister and I [16 M F] high five/butt slap/chest bump each other is inappropriate for our age. Is it?
How should I react to my friends downplaying the assault on me?
I (20M) Get upsets when my GF (20F) Looks at other guys
How do I [21F] talk about trauma with a significant other? [23M]
How To Deal With Difficult People, - Life Hacks and Tips - Adviser.Wiki
What does it really mean when a guy is unsure about you?
My [22m] girlfriend [22f] of over 4 years has given me every reason to leave but I just can’t.
I'm (21F) re-evaluating sexual past with friend (27M) & considering cutting him off
How did you do it ?
Should I Re-date my ex?
I don’t like to be heard during sex. Am I wrong?
My [22m] girlfriend [22f] of over 4 years has given me every reason to leave but I just can’t.
Unsure how to handle a breakup of a long-term relationship & moving out details
I (18m) don’t know how to re-engage a conversation
Thinking about ending a 4 year long relationship because I can't put up with my GF's insecurities
Boyfriend just expects me to cum
How do I cope with my brother being schizophrenic?
i don’t think i love my mom anymore
Thinking about ending a 4 year long relationship because I can't put up with my GF's insecurities
I (18m) don’t know how to re-engage a conversation
Can a relationship survive trust issues?
How can you downplay a love confession
Is it possible she lost all of her love for me in the span of a week?
My friend keeps getting angry that I can’t hang out and idk what to say anymore
I (34F) told a coworker (30?F) I needed stronger boundaries with her at work & she stopped speaking to me entirely. Now I’m not sure how to handle it.
I’m 34F and still unsure if I want kids. My bf doesn’t want them, and it’s making me feel like I have to decide whether or not this is a dealbreaker.
(27F) Anyone considered giving up on love for good?
Me [19 M] with my girlfriend [19 F] for 2 years, have periods where we are so good but the next day we argue and reach a low, and I don't know if I can continue this relationship if its like this.
My bf (31M) is an Arab Muslim, how do I (24F) break the news to my family?
Seriously thinking about giving up on love for good.
Am I (F20) in a toxic relationship with this guy (M36)?
Why is my Friend(Girl) not texting me at all?
Is it really possible that she (32F) lost all her love for me (32M) in the span of a week?
I'm lost and confused
Am I (F20) in a toxic relationship with this guy (M36)?
I'm [22F] almost done cutting off a good close friend [24M] who probably would've cheated on his girlfriend with me. Right thing to do?
I [27M] became upset when I found out my girlfriend [27F] created a social media account without telling me in order to talk to a celebrity she has a crush on.
How should I (F20) reply when I guy (36) texts me “I’m thinking about you rn” when I know he’s with me just for sex?
Why do I get so nervous when messaging someone I just started talking to and he doesn’t message back right away or leaves me on read for a while?
I(24F) have some toxic traits but want to be better
How do I [20m] not think about my girlfriend [21f] getting with someone I don’t like?
How would you reply if a guy texted you “I miss you” when you know he’s with you just for sex?
(27f)(28m) Boyfriend buys expensive gifts for me and I can’t help but feel guilty.
I (35f) am intimidated by my partner (40m)
It haunts me, how do i move on?
Why do I always get so nervous that something is going wrong so easily when l first start out talking to someone and they don’t message back right away?
My (22m) father died and I don't know how to feel/ what to do
Mental father
My white friend [29F] is divorced from a black man and has mixed children. She is always making remarks with racial undertones to me [27F] is this friendship worth saving?
How do I [20m] not think about my girlfriend [21f] with a guy I don’t like?
I (30F) don’t know if I should cut my (abusive?) father (55M) completely out of my life
I need advice please
Trying to keep relationships
Gf wants to celebrate 3 year anniversary day of although it may jeopardize my job.
I (20F) have been keepign my relationship with my bf (M27) from ym family for 2 years.
How would allowing my wife to have an open relationship on her end impact her sexuality/libido and our bond as a couple?
I [22M] am upset my boyfriend [26M] is still talking to his ex [24M] who is also a guy I dated before my boyfriend.
I (20F) have kept my relationship with my bf (27M) from my family for 2 years.
Lots of messes I'm trying to clean
I (20F) have kept my relationship with my bf (27M) from my family for 2 years.
How do I not think about my girlfriend with a guy I don’t like
I (27M) caught my partner (23F) in a lie. What next?
I (30F) don’t know if I should cut my (abusive?) father (55M) completely out of my life
I (27M) caught my partner (23F) in a lie. What next?
Is He Worth It?
What do I do with what seems like a controlling GF?
Confused and not sure
My [27M] wife [26F] and her white privilege is pushing me off. How do I approach this with her?
I (27f) received a heinous letter in the mail from my dad (60m), who I recently decided to take space from. How do I proceed?
My (25f) boyfriend (28m) refuses to show affection to me when his friends are present.
My [25F] BF [25M] won't message/talk to me unless I message him first. Is it reasonable to be upset about this?
Confused and Unsure
I’m just really sad
My [21F] boyfriend [19M] sleeps too much, should I press the issue or drop it?
I’m addicted to men who use me
I’m addicted to men who use me
Am I [24M] insane? My ex-partner [31M] made me feel incredibly hurt, and then blamed me for it.
All girlfriend talks about is marriage and kids. I’m 24 year old male, she’s 25 year old female
I'm [24m] not sure how to handle an unstable/mean coworker [43f] who has been bullying me and others for half a year
My (32M) best friend (31M) told me to break-up with my fiancé (30F) so that I can "go on this new dating app" he likes.
My [21F] abusive ex boyfriend [23M] will not give back things he stole from me *Trigger warning - sexual assault*
My gf (19f) broke up with me (23m) almost a month ago
I(24f) was not in the mood for sex after I catch my boyfriend(26) watching porn
making the long distance thing work
So I sold something that belongs to my bf
making the long distance thing work
Anybody look stupid like me when falling in love?
All my girlfriend talks about is marriage and having kids. Girlfriend (25) of 2 years me (24) male.
Broke up 8 Days Ago... I am not sure what I should feel as of now.
The long story of my (24f) toxic relationship with a dentist (26m) who wasn't really a dentist
I [16 m] am in love with one of my best friends [16 f] but she’s taken
Should I stay or should I go?
Boyfriend left me for someone else and then came back
I [16 m] am in love with my one of my best friends [16 f] but she’s taken
Boyfriend of 3 years left me for someone else, came back home, and now I’m worried we won’t work out.
Fanfic lovers, I [21m] need your help understanding complicated business I have no right knowing about my friends' [21m/21f] relationship
Me(f19) & my (m20)bf made a deal but it feels like I’m the only one doing my part.
I (M16) changed my gfs (F15) life then, now, after 1 month of relationship, she does the same to me
Broke up 8 Days Ago... I am not sure what I should feel as of now.
I don’t know wtf to do
Not A Fan
I feel lile my GF (21) is making no effort to see me (24).
My girlfriend (F 21) has anxiety and I ( M 20) don't know how to help
Am I overreacting that he didn’t reassure me instead he confirmed which felt like well tough luck
I feel like my GF (21) makes no effort to see me (24) or spend time with me.
My girlfriend (F21) has anxiety and I (M20) need to be more considerate and helpful
I [23F] haven't heard from my friend/crush [21M] in about a month
My [F22] bf [M22] is being incredibly stubborn about what our upcoming holiday will look like
My girlfriend (F21) has anxiety and I ( M20) haven't been the best at supporting her how can I be more considerate and supportive?
Him (M, 32) and I (F, 31) got in an argument and he didn’t want to talk to me last night. Am I over reacting?
How can I be my best wingman?
I'm getting anxiety because I'm [22M] going to be the last sibling living with my parents [51F, 55M].
Am I in the wrong/ over reacting?
My girlfriend (F21) has anxiety and I (M20)haven't been the best at helping her mental health, how can I be more helpful and considerate?
my sisters passive aggressiveness is getting on my nerves
my sisters passive aggressiveness is getting on my nerves
Am I the asshole for freaking out over my FIL's joke?
Is this unreasonable behavior by my (now ex) GF? M (25) + F (25) previous 1 year relationship
My mom refuses to let me sleep regularly.
How do I deal/support my bf through his depression?
Is this unreasonable behavior by my (now ex) GF? M (25) + F (25) previous 1 year relationship
I [24F] am trying to help a friend [27F] financially by giving her stuff for a side business, but she's been a bit picky and ungrateful. Should I stop helping her?
My bf [27] decided against a cat, despite discussed beforehand. How do I [f25] cope?
Insecure about previous guys who were interested in girlfriend.
I (30F) told my ex's new gf (35F) that he (35M) was still in contact with me and flirting with me and she blocked me
Well, that ended that argument...
Need companion
I (28F) Am Speaking to my Addict Mother After Over a Year of Distance
I want to end my relationship of 4 years but I don't really have a reason to...
I (30F) told my ex's new gf (35F) that he (35M) was still in contact with me and flirting with me...
Am I a bad guy here
I (21F) truly can’t tell if I stopped loving my bf (21M) or if I’m just exhausted with his neediness/fucking feelings
I (28F) Am Attempting a Relationship With My Addict Mother
My girlfriend [24/F] and I [24/M] are in a big fight over current events in the news.
[M20] My inability to discuss bad childhood experiences indirectly lead to a breakup [F21]. Is this something I should discuss?
My fiance (28m) and I (23f) split today
(Update) My [27 F] girlfriend [28 F] almost broke up with me last night after a year and a half of dating, because she thinks I'm mean. I think she just hasn't given me a chance to be medicated appropriately.
My fiance (28m) and I (23f) split today
Update: my fiance (28m) and I (23f) have split
My (18F) mom (40F) is starting to get close with my stepdad (40M) months after me telling her about him abusing me for years.
I don’t know how to deal with/support my depressed bf
Help. I (only child son, 34M) don't know how to leave my single asian mother (64), as I want to move to another country without her, and I'm afraid she might try to hurt me when I tell her about my plans, so that I stay.
I (40f) am trauma-bonded to him (40m)....any "life hacks" for breaking one quick?
I'm feeling sexually frustrated in my relationship
Relationships
Trying to save my long term relationship
Childhood gave me bad qualities which lead to a breakup. Is this something I should share?
Are my parents (47F/44M) right for restricting me (17F)?
My flatmate (25, f) is doing nothing for the flat and for our joint uniproject. How do I confront her with as less drama as possible?
do I tell his mom he cheated?
do I tell his mom he cheated?
do I tell his mom he cheated?
How can I(25F) be supportive of friends and family when they say and do things I could never approve of?
My partner of 10 years broke up and accused me of lying
My (33F) husband's (34M) very sweaty feet make my clothes damp and it's bumming me out.
When people ask for relationship advice on reddit, I think that many people are way too quick at suggesting to end the relationship. When they make this option seems easy, I believe that those people have never been in a significant relationship.
My(20M) half siblings (18M,18F) on opposite sides (so no incest) are dating and it's weird as all hell for me
I dated a sex addict for two years. I am having trouble recovering from the experience.
My partner of 10 years broke up and accused me of lying
I [23F] found my boyfriend [23M] asleep clutching a porn video in his hands despite him saying he was going to give up his bad porn habit?
Should i (F23) break up with my bf (M24)
BF might be a racist
I [26F] can’t deal with my dad [60s] anymore
DO YOU USE A HAIR MASK BEFORE OR AFTER CONDITIONER?
I [26F] can’t deal with my dad [60s] anymore
(Update) My [27 F] girlfriend [28 F] almost broke up with me last night after a year and a half of dating, because she thinks I'm mean. I think she just hasn't given me a chance to be medicated appropriately.
How can I [23F] break free from this toxic behaviour with him [26M] so I can have a chance at a healthy relationship one day?
How do I (21f) stop having expectations for my friends?
How do I (21F) stop expecting my friends to react the way I want them to?
People say it is a toxic friendship. I (20F) personally do not see it. Am I being oblivious or are these obvious red flags?
My husband has completely checked out on me
My husband had completely checked out on me
Feelings of loss
I broke up with my (F, 21) ex boyfriend (M, 23) and he left me in an apartment we both signed a lease on.
Shall I [26M] ask her [27M] to hang out shortly after a first date?.
Has anyone reconciled with an ex who used you as a rebound?
Is it okay for me (19 F) to reach out to my ex (19 F)?
My [26F] boyfriend [25M] of two years can't give me the comfort I long
Ex keeps sending abusive messages. How do I make it stop (complicated)
Is it okay for me (19 F) to reach out to my ex (19 F)?
My bf (20) is probably becoming asocial
Am I (20F) being gaslighted by my friend (20F)?
Am I (20F) being gaslighted by my friend (20F)?
Cut my hair short, now husband seems uninterested in sex
I think I’m done with this
I'm worried about my marriage to husband with mental health issues
Husband seems uninterested in sex after my haircut
I think I’m done with this
Ex keeps sending abusive messages. How do I get him to stop?
I think I’m done with this
I’m (female) feeling confused about my work colleague’s words? He said I’m just his work colleague but his behaviour indicates otherwise?
Do I (21F) have a right to be upset that my FWB (22M) has a Tinder account?
I’m (female) feeling confused about my work colleague’s words? He said I’m just his work colleague but his behaviour indicates otherwise?
He (M,30) wants me (F,28) to change stuff about myself to make him comfortable
How do I deal with and support my bf through his depression
Day out with his parents . What to bring?
M/25 about Dating former abuse victim F/28
Husband ignores our family and my feelings, makes me feel invalid.
M/25 Advice about Dating former Abusive Victim F/28
I (22F) am worried that my boyfriend (29M) is keeping things from me
My boyfriend (M30) is mad that I (F22) protested in Minneapolis.
I (22F) am worried that my boyfriend (29M) is keeping things from me.
I (22F) am worried that my boyfriend (29M) are keeping things from me.
My boyfriend (M30) is mad at me (F22) for protesting in Minneapolis
Please help. I’m scared my boyfriend (30M) will do something to me if I don’t have sex with him. I am (25F)
I (27f) broke up with my boyfriend (30m) last night and he... disregarded it?
A stupid fight over dishes between me [37M] and my partner [37f]
I(24M) am depressed because I can’t get this woman. How to move on?
I (27f) broke up with my boyfriend (30m) last night and he... disregarded it?
Can I expect my friends to choose between me and their friend who assaulted me?
Will I [17F] ever be able to have a good relationship with my depressed, alcoholic dad? [51M]
I (17M) lost the trust of my best friend (17F) and now I fear that I may lose her forever
New job resulting in an LDR causing me anxiety
I lost the trust of my best friend and now I fear that I may lose her forever
My new job is going to result in an LDR and is causing me anxiety.
Can I expect my friends to choose between me and their friend who assaulted me?
How do I [F19] tell my dad [M54] that his lack of cleaning is destroying the apartment?
Should I tell my gf about my insecuries?
SOS! this story has it all.. LD true❤ turns REAL. mixed family. 1 3yo of my own, now watch 4 FT, 1 severely autistic. covid CABIN FEVER. was working mom, now SAHM raising FOUR strong personalities. AMAZING NEW PARTNER, PERFECT FOR ME. crazy exes (TRULY). Thought I was GOLD - totally lost. HELP!!
He tells me " I love u" & calls me "babe" .
How to resist post-breakup regret? (20f, 20m)
My [M/39] sister[F/43] has invited me for her nephew[M/9]'s birthday. But last year, it was not really nice. I don't know how to respond to her invitation ?
(24f) My boyfriend thinks buying me presents should just "fix" any argument without addressing the core issue.
Boyfriend (M,22) doesn't want a relationship but doesn't want to break up with me? (F,22)
Is it worth letting my father stay in contact with me after I finally move away?
Is it worth letting my father stay in contact with me after I finally move away?
Did you leave a good loving long-term relationship for someone else and later regret it?
My seatmate in college destroyed my friendship (including my other friend) with our circle friends and classmates. LONG POST AHEAD
Did you ever regret leaving for someone else and not working on your long-term relationship?
My boyfriend [M 25] doesn't want to come to my [F22] graduation and I'm really sad about it but don't know how to express it to him because I worry I'll make him upset
Idk what to think anymore
My dad would hit me when i was younger was this normal?
When you left your ex for someone else did it work out
I found my death certificate in my boyfriend's room
My [25F] mother [late50s] is OBSESSED with Lyconet and I don’t know what to say anymore.
I don't want spend time around my negative dad anymore, how do i tell him this while living with him?
Why do girls despise me so much?
I don't want spend time around my negative dad anymore, how do i tell him this?
Dumper ex struggling to move on but doesnt believe my changes would be permanent. Recently deleted me on socials as she was finding it hard to see me.
what is one thing that you hate about your relationship ?
New GF wearing necklace from ex
Feeling paralyzed after seeing ex's posts about new bf
Gf wear nexklace from ex
He [45M] doesn't show me [30F] affection anymore and he used to be passionate!
Feeling paralyzed after seeing ex's posts about new bf
Advice needed
New gf wearing necklace from ex
Resenting my friend who has issues, but also feeling equally guilty for hating her
I think im in love with my best friend
Taking my (25f) power back after being ghosted by (29m)
M(17) need advice on 2 year relationship with GF(16)
I (17M) Think i have a crush on my Bestfriend(18F)
How to get past being emotionally unavailable??
I look stupid when i fall in love
How Do I End It Nicely (21M, 22F)
How to get past being emotionally unavailable??
How Do I End This Nicely (21M, 22F)
Dating an idiot?
Resenting my friend who has issues, but also feel equally guilty for hating her
(M19) Expressing love and affection
Me and My Girlfriend (ex)
My [21f] boyfriend [21m] threw my phone when he saw a text come in from my friend [20m]. Is this reason enough to end the relationship?
i think my mum has fucked my relationship with food
My ex has been watching every single one my Instagram stories (~6 stories a week) with a fake account for the past 5 months. What should I make of this?
Me and My Girlfriend ( ATM EX)
Red flag?
Did I deserve to get bullied?(23F)
Red flags?
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) thinks it’s funny to hurt my feelings
I (23M) miss my best friend (22F)
My [26M] Girlfriend [26F] admitted last night that if her ex [27M] had a child with another women she would be really upset. This has really thrown me and I’m honestly contemplating ending the relationship, is this the right call?
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) thinks it’s funny to hurt my feelings
I (23M) miss my best friend (21F)
My (20F) girlfriend (21F) of 3 years shoved/scratched my face during an argument
Day out with his parents
I (F20) was the other woman and I don’t know if I should tell his (M27) SO.
My Toxic Friend
Boyfriend’s BFF wants to back off so there’s room for our relationship.
Former military M looking for a blonde blue eyes older woman long term in St Louis
I {22F} hurt my boyfriends {23M} feelings, need advice
I (22F) hurt my boyfriends (23M) feelings need help :(
How can I (25f) tactfully end my seemingly fine relationship with my best friend (26f)? I won't be able to avoid her all the time in our small town
I hurt my boyfriends feelings need help
Day out with his parents
I want to be attracted to my girlfriend as much as im attracted to her sister. How can I achieve that?
My childhood friend cheated on his gf last summer with multiple partners. He just told me they’re about to get married and she still has no idea.
My toxic friend
How can I (24M) establish better communication with my girlfriend (23F)?
My toxic friend
I saw messages between my girlfriend and her ex.
I (27M) can’t seem to get out of my own head on my failings.
Well Reddit I made my own bed. I slept with my new roommate (we are all new) and now I feel like shit because he is the type of person I hate (blowing, very negative) I don't know how to get past this
My (29F) partner of 9 years (32M) hasn’t spoken to his family since we met
My husband (38M) seems very jealous of everyone I (34F) talk to - but only when drinking
My fiance (30/m) and I (26/f) can't seem to agree on most of our search criteria for a house.
My (29F) BF (32M) stopped speaking to his family when we got together, it’s been 9 years
Exactly how large of a red flag is near-nonexistent dating experience? [22 M]
I (18 F) just fought with my mom (50 F) over police brutality
Female to male trans
Am I a bad guy here
People who are in long relationship with people who are different from you, how did you find a common ground comfort for both of you?
We fought over cats, but I think it's more
How many girls is too many
Am I too old to ask my boyfriend to lend me a worn shirt to sleep with? (26f, 26m, dating 2 months)
I (18 F) just fought with my mom (50 F) over police brutality
My mom and I just fought about police brutality
I [M25] am falling for my co-worker but I have a girlfriend [F23]. Am I wrong for feeling this way?
When is it time to break up with someone you love?
I’m(F23) uncomfortable with my bfs (24m) ex(21f)
Why doesn't anyone ever love me back or want to be with me? I'm in my mid-twenties and have never had a "real" relationship.
When is it time to break up with someone you love?
My (36f) boyfriend's (30m) response to asking if I am the one is confusing - can you help me interpret this?
How can I [18M] get therapy and help for my autism and social awkwardness so nothing like this happens ever again?
I (22f) always go through cycles of feeling secure in my relationship (24m) and then feeling like I want to breakup.
I (22f) always go through cycles of feeling secure in my relationship (24m) and then feeling like I want to breakup.
My (30M) boyfriend broke up with me (25F) tonight.
Is my Ex-GF extremely Unstable (25F) ? Me (25M) Help me to fing redflags
Dealing with an ex
My (22f) brother (27m) expects me to be more intuitive, but I want him to be more direct with me
I think my mom has started to resent me and my siblings (20+years old)
I think I'm in love with my best friend
An indirect subordinate [20s F] at work makes insulting remarks about me [29 M] personally
Did I [23/F] made the right choice by cutting a friend [25/M] off?
I think I'm in love with my best friend
My (26f) toxic friend (25f) won’t leave me alone?
23 and never been frisked!
I [17f] definitely just made a mountain out of a molehill regarding my boyfriend [17m] and one of his friends- how do I come back from this?
My best friend(18M) and I(18F) aren’t speaking to each other. Am I wrong for feeling this way? (Really long! Sorry!)
I definitely just made a mountain out of a molehill- how do I come back from this?
An indirect subordinate at work makes insulting remarks about me personally
Should I (24f) think about leaving my fiancé (27 m)
idk (20m) what to do in this situation with my gf (20f)
Friend keeps calling me stupid
Communication Issues
I (32F) am not attracted to my husband (34M), it's hurting him a lot and it makes me feel tremendously guilty
My bf[19] isn't taking this pandemic as seriously as I am [f, 20]
My best friend and I aren’t speaking to each other. Am I wrong for feeling this way? (REALLY LONG! SORRY!)
How do I [23F] forgive my parents [60F and 70F] for my somewhat abusive childhood and move forward?
My bf[19] isn't taking the pandemic as seriously as I am[f, 20]
Communication Issues
Am I being too insecure?
Am I being too insecure?
What is dating like?
like or love in a relationship after 6 months
My bf won’t break up with me
I(16M)get an attitude and or get incredibly angry at my mom(42F)whenever she buys something or gifts me something or does anything nice.
I (20F) can't help but feel jealous about my boyfriend's friends and their relationship with him.
I (21f) am being accused by a male friend (23m) of leading him on for months and a friend of mine seems to agree with him and backs him up
Supervisor Confide to me
I can’t tell if I still talk to my ex because I feel bad for him or that I really do love him
Problematic Living Situation p.2
Problematic Living Situation p.2
Escalated fight for no reason between boyfriend (M28) and myself (F27)
Stalker or secret admirer of mine? Me (24F)
36f marriage to 38m is a disaster
My girlfriend [26F] wears so much jewelry and I [25M] feel kind of embarrassed in public with her
I feel very guilty
Is this weird
I (26F) ghosted my FWB (36M) after he gaslighted me about having a baby. Should I reach out to officially end things?
Free trial for three days! Come check it out 😘
I [23F] am incredibly attracted to one of my coworkers [22M] despite my amazingly loving relationship with my boyfriend [22M] and it's hurting me a lot
Question
Anxiety for meeting girlfriend's parents
Meeting my gfs parents for the first time
I am meeting my gfs parents for the first time
Boyfriends parents vs Girlfriend?
My husband (43M) is depressed / angry that I (30F) am the breadwinner.
36f marriage to 38m is a disaster
The jealous effect
I am meeting my gfs parents tommorow
Being friends with my ex bf’s mom
Me [M18] need advice on a girl [F18], please take the time to read the whole post, much appreciated!
My girlfriend (22F) almost never wants to do things I (23M) want to do.
Girlfriend [22F] almost never wants to do things I [23M] want to do.
What do I do now?
Cutting off my racist, manipulative, aggressive, toxic Asian parents in 2 days and am excited about it
My coworker (23M) suddenly started giving me (22F) the cold shoulder
Cutting off my racist, manipulative, aggressive, and toxic Asian parents in 2 days and I couldn't be more happy.
Is this weird
Drunk thinking about uni love
Do u find this weird
My (19f) boyfriend (20m) made a weird comment and I don't know if I'm overreacting
Help with this girl, advice needed
My (19f) boyfriend (20m) made a weird comment but I don't know if I'm overreacting
I (25f) found out my bf (33m) stalked me to get together
Boyfriend [32M] broke up with me [30F] today, after moving in two months ago because of issues he would never talk about
Should I Try to Get Things Going Again or Give Up on Her?
Should I Try to Get Things Going Again or Give Up on Her?
I'm [30F] fuming in the bedroom while my boyfriend [32M] is probably fuming in the living room. How to handle this?
Am I wrong for not wanting to be in my siblings lives?
Am I wrong for not wanting to be in my siblings lives?
I'm going to college with my former crush, who is also my boyfriend's brother
How do you get over relationship trauma? [27f]
Need advice on my(21/F) Boyfriend's (23/M) aunt (33/F)
How to get over relationship trauma? [27f]
How to not overthink love ? Ldr
How do I fix a 20 year relationship?
My boyfriends sleep a lot
I (20 F) have been in love with my friend (21 M) for two years, is now the time to tell him?
Choosing me over his family, am I wrong?
My [30m] gf [30f] gets political on Facebook and it is a lot
My girlfriend gets political on Facebook and it sucks
I (25f) found out My bf (33M) stalked me to get together
My ex (26M) and I (24F) hooked up.
Should you go back to your ex?
Need advice on whether I’m being selfish or realistic
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
My (f,22) boyfriend (m,24) doesn't understand me
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
Parentals [F44] [M49] are making me [17] go back to my old ways and I’m not having it.
21F, in love with my gay best friend.
Miscommunication with my (f,22) boyfriend (m,24)
Miscommunication
how do I [26m] break up with her [27f] due to the sex being bad, without hurting her feelings?
My Husband’s Friend
My girlfriend and I ended our relationship very abruptly a week ago.
My girlfriend (18f) and I (18f) ended our relationship a week ago.
My Husband’s Friend
When do you know when it's time to end things?
I don’t like to be heard during sex
I am worried my (18F) childhood trauma ruined my hability to romantically interact with people and my sexuality. Am I really damaged goods?
Directed from AITH
Is it wrong I [27F] cut contact with him [25M] because he doesn’t acknowledge that he is privileged for being white and living in a first world country?
My family friends found out about my bf(?) before we are official help
My 48M fiancé 46F was looking up past ex’s on FB.
My GF [20/F] has hurt me [M/21] during a difficult time
Three year engagement with baby momma destroyed in two months
My GF [20/F] has hurt me [M/21] during a difficult time
My GF [20/F] hasn't treated me [21/M] right during this difficult time, I need advise.
My friend [23] texted my boyfriend [24] on and off this week to get to know him because she knows how important my relationship is to me.
My bf still loves his ex (F 35) bf (M 47)
My [26F] boyfriend [30M] was FWB with his ex
Is it weird if my husband (32) writes down everything I (27) say when we argue while drunk?
Help me! I am an author who need help! The one who helps me most will be rewarded!
My (24f) bf (24m) is breaking social distancing and making it hard for us to see each other
How do I make conversation with a guy and how on earth can I tell if he’s just being nice or actually interested in talking with me?
Should I (20M) separate with my significant other (F22)? If so, how can I emotionally prepare myself?
Not fully attracted to my [27M] girlfriend [26F] of 2 years
My (17m) girlfriend (17f) and I just took a break and I don’t know how to feel...
My (22F) girlfriend (21F) plays Mobile Legends for 16 hours. AITA for not wanting to talk?
I (27F) just found out my father (54M) has been manipulating me with his cancer
My (22F) girlfriend (21F) plays Mobile Legends for 16 hours. AITA for not wanting to talk?
My (24f) Bf (24m) is breaking social distancing and making it hard for us to get together
My (25M) former romantic interest (28M) and I had a conversation last night over the phone and I don't know how to move forward in a sense.
My bf still loves his ex
My (25M) former romantic interest (28M) and I had a conversation last night over the phone and I don't know how to move forward in a sense.
How do I (25)F take things slow with (30)M with things feeling so intense?
No clue how to deal with my friends' (20M) very unrequited long term crush on me (20NB)
Not fully attracted to my [27M] girlfriend [26F] of 2 years
My bf still loves his ex
How do I (25)F take things slow with (30)M with things feeling so intense?
How can one slow things if things between 2 people are like fire??
I (20f) can't stand to be around my father (52m).
Dating as a senior in college? [21F]
My [23F] ex [23M] has a new girlfriend and I don't know if I should contact her to tell her he has been dating us both at the same time.
My (26F) boyfriend (25M) constantly talks to his ex.
I (20F) Worried About Husband (20M)
I (28F) can’t do anything right and I am not good enough for him (33M)
My(28m) gf(29f) hates my new dog and idk what to do about it
How to properly break up with someone
My boyfriend (24m) thinks I (23f) need to work harder to earn compliments
I (16f) don’t really get along with my dad’s new family
My friend (15M) tells mean jokes but got mad when my friend (16F) and I (16F) did the same.
Me (25F) wife and (27M) husband, everything has to go his way
I (24F) spent the last year getting over a guy (29M) who rejected me. Now he's showing a ton of interest.
I'm [19F] killing my relationship with my boyfriend [20M] and it's driving me insane
My [F24] boyfriend [M22] got into a massive fight and I think it’s time for me to go home. I’ve been staying with his family for 2 months and his mom is throwing us a graduation party tomorrow.
Depression killing my[19F] relationship with my boyfriend [20M] and I'm so sick of everything
I [F24] have been staying with my bf [M22] since March. Things are breaking down and I want to leave ASAP. His mom is throwing us a graduation party tomorrow. Can I leave instead?
My(28m) gf(29f)hates my new dog and idk what to do.
I just need to vent really quickly
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
My insecurities are ruining my relationship
Idk if my bf lied about taking steroids
Is it time for counseling or to let my unreasonable boyfriend go?
What is the best way to help my [25F] boyfriend [29M]?
My friend M18 ended our relationship. (I am M17)
What does it mean when you and someone are civil?
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
I'm [30F] unable to let go of my ex and it's ruining my life. Long story. Grab a coffee.
Maybe you’re just meant to meet them. Not to be with them.
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
I [26F] forgot his [26M] birthday today. To make matters worse, I was also rude..
My partner [23F] has been passive aggressive and hostile to everything I [23M] do lately
Boyfriend (22M) texting his Ex-Girlfriend(25F)
Unplanned pregnancy amidst uncertain times.
Help needed! (25F) married to (27M); he doesn't respect me and my needs
My (19f) gf (18f) keeps calling my little brother a “c*nt.”
My friend M18 ended our relationship. M17
Is it time for counseling or to let my unreasonable bf go?
Should I be upset?
Long distance/corona/college graduation
I'm [30F] unable to let go of my ex and it's ruining my life. Really long post. Grab a coffee.
Why my sister (18 at the time) moved out.
I don’t know how to deal with resentment towards my ex boyfriend???
My boyfriend (25) and I (25) are considering doing long distance. do you consider 1 hour 45 minute drive long distance?
I don’t know how to deal with resentment towards my ex
My boyfriend (25) and I (25) are considering doing distance. Do you consider 1 hour 45 minute drive long distance?
I [27]f bumped into him [37] twice or 3 times accidentally by hanging out with the same group of friends .
I [20F] feel really upset that my boyfriend [23] watches pictures of half naked girls on 9gag
i'm [f, 34] ignoring my ex best friend [f, 33] because she has a disease
My[M26] girlfriend[F22] recently started hanging out with her ex
My bf did something offensive (possibly) that I don't understand and can't exactly tolerate
i'm [f, 34] ignoring my ex best [f, 36] friend because she a disease
I texted my ex a you up? Text last night around 5 am and he responded in the morning now I don’t know what to say
My boyfriend’s roommate literally gives me PTSD
I (m21) kicked out my pregnant girlfriend (f20) because the child can’t be mine.
(24f) Struggling with a crush on my boyfriend’s best friend
My [19F] Grandfather's [83M] behaviour is concerning and shocking towards me. I am constantly feeling drained by fighting this ongoing battle
My[M26] girlfriend[F22] recently started hanging out with her ex
My (28m) gf (23f) thinks she's fat and I want to compliment her thickness without offending her.
Losing Virginity with a Non Virgin and Body Count
He's [26 M] traumatized like many of us. Should I [23 F] keep giving him a chance or find something better?
Peeing in the shower
Long distance boyfriend goes swimming with other girls
My bf thinks going to the bathroom 9 times at work is a lot and shouldnt be allowed but mad at me because i called forex a pyramid scheme?
My(17F, 5’7, 216) boyfriend(17M) says I’ve gotten too big
My [F24] self has a gift for picking “men” [M34]
My(30m) girlfriend(28f) went through a bad breakup a couple of years ago, is now scared of commitment
Love vs. Myself
My(30m) girlfriend(28f) went through a bad breakup a couple of years ago, is now scared of commitment
I [F24] have a gift for picking men [M34]
Girlfriend went through a bad breakup a couple of years ago, is now scared of commitment
(27f) My sister (24f) came out to me while she was drunk and doesn't remember doing so. I want to support her because I know she is struggling, but I also don't want to force her to talk about it or come out before she's ready. How do I be a better ally?
(27f)My sister (24f) came out to me last year as bisexual while she was drunk and forgot that she did. I want to show my support to her, but also don't want to make her feel pressured to talk about it if she doesn't want to. How do I be a better ally?
How long would you wait for a marriage proposal?
Clingy Friend phone calls me multiple times daily. How do I make him stop?
Should I (20F) break up with my girlfriend(21F)?
How to compliment my (28m) girlfriend's (23f) curves without insulting her?
6 Quick Flirting Tips
6 Quick Flirting Tips
Urgent: My(27F) single mother friend(28F) is moving into the same house as her crazy mother. Do I offer my house instead?
The one that got away, need advice
Sex is just meh... Should I break up with him?
Long distance boyfriend (19M) is out swimming with his sister (18F) and her friends (18F)
I (21/f) keep getting jealous of partner's (23/f) mother
Clingy Friend (M17) acting like Russia, doesn't know boundaries.
I keep getting jealous of my partner's mom
22(M) said he wanted to be in a relationship with me 21(F) now he’s completely ignored me why?
Not sure how to feel girl about to date gets diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Is my best friend(18 f) obsessed with my boyfriend(18m)?
Boyfriend (20M) lets parents kick me (18nb) out
My [24F] roommate [24F] keeps eating my food.
Is my [26M] with my GF [26F] Dead?
He (28M) needs time to figure out what he wants and I (27F) want to wait but don't know if I should
I (F27) don’t know if I will ever be able to trust my fiancée (F28) again
Let’s trib
Me [28/F] with my ex fiancee [30/M] breaking up after a year and a half, can't get him to carry weight
What ethnicity & age do I look like to you?
My boyfriend (19) is out swimming with his sister (18) and her friends (18-19) while we are in long distance. Im 18.
Is my best friend(18 f) obsessed with my boyfriend(18m)?
cant imagine happily ever after with girlfriend because of the boring sex life.
My [21F] boyfriend [30M] got really upset at me for talking about George Floyd/racism.
Masturbation
Cant imagine life with girlfriend because of the disappointing sex.
Cherish The Little Moments
Long distance boyfriend went swimming with girls
My father (43?M) wants to see me (24M), but I don’t know if I want to see him.
My dad [56] asked me, his son [35] to arrange assisted suicide for him just a few days after his successful tumor surgery.
My (21M) girlfriends (22F) mom is controlling and takes everything from her.
My father (43?M) travelled halfway across the country and I (24M) don’t want to see him.
My former fraternity brother is using our alumni group to continue to bash her, help
My (21M) girlfriends(22F) mom is controlling and takes everything she has.
My dad [56] has brain cancer and wants me, his son [30] to arrange assisted suicide for him just after his successful tumor resection
Am I manipulating and controlling my boyfriend?
How do I deal with someone who takes a long time to respond?
Am I manipulating and controlling my boyfriend?
I’m starting to resent my “best friend” who is too emotionally intense
Boyfriend went swimming with other girls in long distance relationship
UPDATE:Husband (40M) left me (35F) but insists we play it cool in fron of the family and keep living together for our children's sake - Also I don't know how to tell my mom
My (F31) brother (M36) is going through an extremely hard time and I don't know how to help. Any suggestions?
BF (27) of 5 years told me (29F) he lusts for other women, but he's too "moral" to act?
I’m tired of just being friends
Pedophile (40M) preying on my sister (18M)
Pedophile preying on my sister
Relationship
Relationship
At a crossroads
Ex [25M] told me [24F] about minor dislikes he had of me and I feel like they are crazy.
Weight(y) (doesn't) matter(s)
Older sister keeps complaining that I don't like her and my mom is trying to force me to be friends with her
Seek a good relationship
should i (22F) keep going out with unaffective partner (25M)?
My Former High School Teacher(s) [18M} [40F] [50F]
I [22 M] love my mother [50s F], but we do not have a good relationship.
I (21M) can't get over ex-girlfriend (20F)
Break
Can't get over girlfriend.
my mother is becoming unbearable for me
[19F] [19M] Distancing has me pushing my boyfriend away and I don't know what to do
Join Janae on "Confessions From A Red Couch", an insightful Podcast for everyone
My Former High School Teacher(s) [18M} [40F] [50F]
Need to get my Introvert Wife out of the house!
[F19] [M19] Distancing is making me push him away and I can't seem to stop myself
I (23f) told a coworker (22m) i wasnt into him and dont understand his behavious now
Conflict with my Husbands Brothers Girlfriend.
My ex's GF told me off and IDK what to do.
How do I(21M) tell my family about my break up with my long term partner(21F)?
Lunch with the girl I like turned out to be the last one
I(22M) and my wife(22F) feel toxic but I’m just not sure
Broke up with BF [31, M) after he was shouted me [27, F]
My mother is unbearable for me
[21M] [22F] I have no clue on what to do
Boyfriend (22M) texting ex-girlfriend (25 F)
I (22M) and my wife (22F) feel toxic I’m just not sure
[21M]22F] i have no clue on what to do
I miss my friend
How to stop feeling this way F23
Friendship died, I (M, 28) thinking about reaching out again (she is F, 28)
Break
I have no clue on what to do
How to stop feeling this way F23
My (27M) GF (23F) of 2 years came up with a financial compromise, but probably resents it
Boyfriend (22M) texting ex-girlfriend (25F)
How do I tell my family about my break up with my long term partner?
My [26F] fiancé [29M] of 1 year (together almost 6) seems oblivious as to how his actions affect other people. I'm at my breaking point because now I'm 31 weeks pregnant.
Have i been mugged off
Friend (29F) of 10 years forgot my (29F) bday and now asking for favor
Me 29M with my 19F of 8 months, need to leave her
I (33m) am looking for good remote date ideas for my gf (29f)
I feel like there's something missing from me (18M) and my mother's (59F) relationship.
Remote Date Ideas
Self esteem issues? [24f] [25m]
Have i been a fool
Need help w dad
My [35M] gf [27F] of 1yr declined sex for her whole visit but, got seemingly upset and changed her mind after I masturbated. Is this normal?
Wanted: Brutal Advice on heartache
(F28) My boyfriend (M34) is spamming women’s DMs on social media. Is that normal?
"I would have never taken you upstairs sober" My (35F) girlfriend says to me (36M) regarding waking up with another man in her bed.
A girl I love likes me and another guy
How to move on from my GF forcing her fetish on me?
I [20f] am nervous to meet tinder match [24m]
Long post sorry - need help w dad
I (M26) think I was a relationship abuser to my friend (F36)
Moving to a new city for love, how soon?
A girl I love likes me and another guy
I feel like something is missing from me (17M) and my mother's (59F) relationship.
A girl I love likes another guy
My (19f) boyfriend (22m) of four years kept someone a secret
I [28M] feel as though I do not respect my girlfriend
Relationship time-out with my bf (27), want to fix everything, but don’t know how to start
My (32m) ex (32F) is not doing the one thing I asked her to do post-breakup
really confused
"I would never have taken you upstairs if i was sober"
Friend (29F) of 10 years forgot my (29F) bday....now asking for favor
I (20M) can't keep up with my boyfriend (22M) complains
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) cheated on my and broke up with my but still wants a platonic relationship
Do I reach out and try the friendship again
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) cheated on me and broke up with me but still wants a platonic relationship
How to move on from my GF forcing her fetish on me?
My bf of four years mother is sick.. not sure how to support him
Does "Netflix and Chill" help anxiety on a first date?
I [29M] feel like I do not respect my girlfriend
I've [f/24] been flirting with long-distance ex [m/27] who seems interested. How do I proceed?
How do I (F/22) deal with a gaslighting bf (M/25)?
Relationship time out with my partner (27). Want to fix everything, but don’t know how to start
How to deal with liers/gaslighters?
Sex Lives Years After Infidelity. How Do I Try to Fix This? I Have Been Failing
Not truly sure what I can do anymore.
My [35M] gf [27F] of 1yr declined sex for her whole visit but, got seemingly upset and changed her mind after I masturbated. Confused...
My [25F] roommate [27M] is relapsing with weed addiction
UPDATE: My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
My [25F] roommate [27M] relapsing back into addiction
UPDATE: My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
Put together a video of my (26F) drunk mom (58F) to show her 📷
My [35M] gf [27F] of 1yr declined sex for her whole visit but, got seemingly upset and changed her mind after I masturbated. Confused...
UPDATE: My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
Boyfriend insist that picking up my birth control every time isn’t fair
I want money
I don't really know how to cope with this situation right now.
Sex Life Years after Infidelity, a Word of Advice to me Please?
I want to react to his memes, but he'll think that I'm still into him.
De-escalating conflict with conflict escalating husband (30sM)
I (20M) want to break up with my long distance gf (19F).
I don’t know where to post this
I want to react to his memes, but he'll think that I'm still into him.
How do I break up with my long-distance gf?
My (31F) husband (31M) confessed to me that he has been abusing alcohol for nearly two years and has been actively hiding it from me.
Me (21M) wants to see my GF (20F) more often than she wants to see me, any advice?
My (31F) husband (31M) confessed to me that he has been abusing alcohol for nearly two years and has been actively hiding it from me.
I [m/23] don't know how to feel about my gf [f/23]
Every single night this week, I’ve dreamt that my BF (26M) and I (25F) were splitting up. It’s wearing down on my moods during the day and I just don’t know how to shake this discomfort
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months commented on a Facebook group regarding the kinkiest stuff he’s done with his ex and I [21/F] don’t know how to feel about it. Any advice on how to handle my emotions?
My (20F) guy friend (23M) only calls me to pass time?
Should I break up with her now or in a week?
Should I break up with her now or in a week?
I [27m/married] developed a crush for a close friend [26f]. I distanced myself but she wants to talk about it.
The Smartest I Know
I (23F) ended a relationship (25 M) due to a gut feeling, was I wrong?
How to help my insecure, controlling girlfriend
UNBAN your Instagram account now!
Should I break up with her now or later?
Need to get my Introvert wife out of the house!
Is this cheating?
My (20F) friend (23M) only calls me to pass time?
How to deal with a really insecure, controlling girlfriend
My ex blocked me, unblocked me, then blocked me again within 48 hours. I’m not sure how to move on?
I'm mistress from USA am 26years in age seeking for a loyal slave to own if you are interested inbox me kik..... goodness0001
[20/f] My friend (20/f) set me up on a very awkward blind date, i was kinda rude to him. But was i just being shallow? Was my friend being malicious?
Love Fest Friday
I (22M) got cheated on by my gf (22F) and the relationship ended three months ago. Even though time has passed, I'm still frustrated that her and the person she cheated on me with (19F) are happy now. How do I get past it?
My bf (20m) wants me (20f) to shave “down there”
What was is like for you to get used to sharing a bed for the first time?
Are relationships even worth it?
I dislike cuddling, and he insists we cuddle a lot
How was it for you to adjust to sharing a bed with someone for the first time?
I [33M] can't stop being a jerk to my SO [27F].
I (45F) am having second thoughts about fiance (46M)
I (22M) no longer want to be with my ex (22F), but I'm frustrated she seems happy with the person she cheated on me with (19F)
Question!
should i (22F) break up or keep trying with him (25M)?
Faithful?
I like the guy I ghosted
I (36F) and getting increasingly frustrated with my BF (30M) and I don't know if I should break up.
My [27 F] girlfriend [28 F] almost broke up with me last night after a year and a half of dating, because she thinks I'm mean. I think she just hasn't given me a chance to be medicated appropriately.
Did I react okay or did I miss something?
I like the guy I ghosted
Me(29) trying to be patient with her(25)
Crowdfunding for flight tickets to the UK so I could take care of my fiancé who have Aspergers and currently in a bad mental state due to lockdown
Girlfriend Found Out I hooked up with someone that she became friends with before we were dating
Boyfriend (25M) won’t have sex with me (25F)
I [25M] feel bombarded by my girlfriends [24F] questions
I (17F) was assaulted at Formal/Prom by Peter (17M)
I [25M] find myself being bombarded with questions constantly by my GF [24
Me (14M) want my LDR girlfriend (13F) to tell her parents about me!
Me (14M) want my Girlfriend (13F) to tell her parents about us..
Am I (35F) being overly sensitive about my team members (35F) behavior?
I(M19)cheated on my girlfriend(f18)but she's trying to forgive me. I feel so terrible
Me (15M) wants my LDR Girlfriend (13F) To tell her parents about us..
I (17F) was sexually assaulted(?) by new transfer friend (17M) at Formal/prom and i don't know how to deal with my friends
Tl;dr: My best friend always brings her boyfriend with her. Is it weird to be kinda irritated?
Not into monogamy?
My [17m] sister [15f] is heavily dyslexic. I called her "illiterate" during a heated argument. She completely lost it and we had a fight. What should I do to apologize?
what to do? PLS HELP
My best friend always brings her boyfriend with her
How can I [20M] move on from the guilt of hurting my ex-girlfriend [20F]?
Of Borderlines and Sex Lives
How do I inform my dead biological father’s family that I exist?
How can I move on from the guilt of hurting my ex-girlfriend?
I can't stop being a jerk to my SO
If reincarnation is real (it is) - when do we move on from our partner?
Not sure how to approach my dead fathers family about my existence.
American (f63) in 11 Year Relationship w Nigerian Brit (m41)
How to find peace with my boyfriend? ADVICE NEEDED
My (25F) bf (25M) regrets the way his past relationship ended and it's making me insecure.
My mom (44F) is sucking the life out of me (22F)
I've been in nothing but toxic trash fire relationships {20f} and now I have something healthy. {21m} short version.
How can I [F22] talk to my future in laws about race issues?
How to find peace with my boyfriend? ADVICE NEEDED
My parents [50s] are not saving money because they count on me [F22] but I dont want to see them ever again.
Wife(34F) wants me(35M) to give her an allowance....How do I start?
Me [35 F] with my BF [34 M] of a year. His relationship with his female coworker [25 F] is VERY close.
Wife(34F) wants me(35M) to give her an allowance....How do I start?
Partner (24M) and I (25F) got into an argument that almost resulted in us breaking up, how do I move forward from this?
I (27m) dislike my girlfriend's (24f) friends - need advice on how to proceed
Feelings for my best friend
Competitive friend.
[25f][28m] I found out that my introduction to my boyfriend was ‘arranged’ by our parents without my knowledge, and he was essentially pushed into it.
How do I (22F) decide between a hypothetical dream job offer and staying with my SO (22M) after graduation? He's disappointed that I'm hesitant to make this sacrifice.
Feels like my [32M] feelings of betrayal are minimized
I'm just really tired of this friend.
Feelings for my best friend
UPDATE:My[33M] Wife [31F] had a new male best friend who she was in an emotional affair with.
My[33M] Wife [31F] had a new male best friend who she was in an emotional affair with
UPDATE: My[33M] Wife [31F] has a new best friend who became an emotional affair
What's up with him?
My boyfriend buys onlyfans and I don’t know what to do without looking crazy.
I (20 F) am no longer attracted to my BF (20 M)
We broke up after a couple (long) fights. Was I being too demanding/unreasonable?
6 year long realtoonship, my bf (28M) finds it hard to speak to his family about me ( 27 F), it feels as if I'm not important to him. How do I cover come this?
TL/DR. I'M by doesn't really talk about me to his family. Please advise how I can overcome feeling like I'm not important to him?
My [20F] father [62] does not support me changing my name, help?
The right way to go about initiating a break up in these circumstances?
My (20F) Parents Do Not Support Me Changing My Name
My overweight sister (23F) is becoming extremely rude and lazy and it's severely hurting our relationship.
Need advice as a 19(F) overcoming my partner (22M) porn habit.
Need advice on overcoming a partners porn habit
I [27F] have been avoiding my boyfriend's [31M] parents and i don't know how to break the ice again
Moving on
Betrayal
Betrayal
Need help moving on...
My (37F) suicidal friend (34F) wants to move in with me
How to help my insecure, controlling girlfriend
STORY TIME: How my young long-distance ex bf cheated on me w/ too many girls (+ from other countries) and left deep emotional scarring to these girls.
A letter to my fiance
A letter to my fiance
I (F28) have been ghosted by a someone (M/30) I've been sexting with for over a month
My (30f) boyfriend (31m) didn't acknowledge Christmas, my birthday, or valentines day... I'm upset, am I over reacting?
I (F/28) have been ghosted by someone (M/30) I've been sexting with for over a month on a almost daily basis
Am I being manipulated into staying in this toxic relationship by his actions?
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] of 4 years has made plans to move abroad and it's killing me
Howd you guys deal with your first break up? (20m)
How do i 18m strengthen the bond with my older brother?
23M partner 21F murky waters
How do i 18/m strengthen my bond with my older brother?
27m needs help with ex gf 27f
Why is my boyfriend not interested in me sexually?
27m Need some advice on next steps to take with ex gf 27f
Reasons not to be intimate
Toxic Ex still 6 months on
How do I know if this girl likes me
I (F20s) feel resentment towards my bf (M20s)
I think my bf is spying on me, how do I make him see that it’s wrong if he keeps denying it
I (30s f) am thinking of ending a potential relationship with someone (30s M) over bad vibes
23M gf 21F
Howd you guys deal with your first break up? (20m)
Too toxic to continue?
What are the reasons to be not intimate?
I'm getting bad vibes
Happy Birthday, Some Other Things
He died in a plane crash a week ago
I left my future
My bf gave away his snapchat to a girl, is it something to be upset about?
How do I know if this girl likes me?
He died in a plane crash a week ago
Am I overreacting ab my bf giving away his snapchat to a girl
Good read: Why Are Men So Frustrated With Online Dating?
Me (M24) told her (F21) that she can reach out to me only when she is done with her ex
My boyfriend [29/M] got angry at me [28/F] for asking him the significance of why he was telling me about 2 people who existed in the past.
Leaving my girlfriend for my dreams ? Or is it for a girl ? Maybe both ? Are my reasons worth it or am I being a fool?
I'm (20M) talking to girl (19F) and she might be a masochist.
My boyfriend [29/M] got angry at me [28/F] for asking him the significance of why he was telling me about 2 people who existed back in the day.
My (25F) bf (25M) regrets the way his past relationship ended and it's making me insecure.
Being replaced...
My (25F) bMy (25F) bf (25M) regrets the way his past relationship ended and it's making me insecure.
Getting over my toxic behaviors because I want my best friend in my life
French dude having confusing feelings and dilemmas
Is it wrong that I (M28) want to go on holiday without my partner (F24)?
Should I [20/F] consider to ask my parents [60F/57M] if my bf [21/M] could stay at ours for a month?
She (22F) is still on my (25M) mind. I seem to be unable to knock my ex out of my mind.
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months commented on a Facebook group regarding the kinkiest stuff he’s done with his ex and I [21/F] don’t know how to feel about it. Any advice on how to handle my emotions?
How do I know if my ex wants to be friends or if he's maybe even missing me?
How do I know if my ex wants to be friends or if he's missing me?
I(23M) wants to understand what really love is?
Flirty vs Friendly. What are some subtle boundaries not to cross with platonic guyfriends? BONUS: how do those boundaries change when you want to be in a romantic relationship with them?
Our (29M) & (27F) 1st Wedding Anniversary!
Should I [20/F] consider to ask my parents [60F/57M] if my bf [21/M] could stay at ours for a month?
My boyfriend [26M] has terrible insomnia.
It’s our 1st wedding Anniversary!
How do I deal with and support my bf with his depression?
[Screenshots included] my boyfriend ghosted me, I got some advice, have been reviewing old conversations and I need to know whether it's worth staying with him
Guilt is going to kill me. TW: Suicidal (Long)
Me, (18m), am still in love with my ex-girlfriend (17f), and don't know what to do
Idea that everything will be better if I get into relationship
Friendly vs Flirty. What are some boundaries that shouldn’t be crossed with platonic guyfriends? BONUS: Do the boundaries change when you start to want to be in a romantic relationship with them?
When your partner is just always on his phone
Can you recommend a book to help me trust in relationships again?
I'm still in love with my ex-girlfriend (17f) who broke up with me (18m) a few months ago
(F 24) my boyfriend of 4 years (M 26) eats all of our food and doesn’t see it as selfish. Am I wrong?
I (30F) am finding it difficult not to feel resentful of a friend's (29F) success
My [23F] girlfriend [20F] of 9 months is upset that I think I'm a bad person
My[17F] boyfriend [22M] of 3 years pushed me down again.
Am I wrong for using this service to find out the truth about my cheating girlfriend who is now my Ex??
(F 24) my boyfriend (M 26) eats all of our food and doesn’t see it as selfish. Am I wrong?
Not sure if my [17F] behavior is toxic towards my boyfriend [18M]
Am I too immature to be in this relationship?
Idea that everything will be better if I get into relationship
I'm afraid of everything
I (20y/o M) refuse to go on a vacation with my Girlfriend's parents (20 y/o F) because they did this...
Women of Reddit: I need help talking to my GF during sex
Relationship
Women of Reddit: I need help talking to my GF during sex
Single, looking for a serious man
Female,looking for a serious relationship
I (23F) need to know what really love is?
Am I too immature to be in this relationship?
Should I (28f) keep a distance from friends who befriend the side chick?
My ex best friend obsessed over my boyfriend ?
[19/m] There's some girls (all 19/f) i used to like in high school, but never had a real shot with. How would i go about getting a date with them?
Am I wrong for using this service to find out the truth about my cheating girlfriend who is now my Ex??
I (20F) didn't tell my boyfriend (25M) that I got proposed and I feel like I'm cheating or something, should I tell him?
Beginning to feel like my partner doesn't love me anymore
My (23F) parents told me to break up with my boyfriend (23M) "because he is ugly"
My boyfriend follows porn models on his Instagram.
NEED HELL WITH A FEMALE FRIEND (18M)
My (22F) parents want me to break up with my boyfriend (22M) because he is ugly
my dad is leaving us (17M)
Work colleague (M30) behind my back is boasting that I (F32) am chasing after him to a lot of our other colleagues and they tend to believe him
should i (F16) get back with my ex (M18)
Success stories after getting dumped for someone else
I (20M) am way too helicoptered by my parents and don’t know how to approach them
My (28F) bf (27F) is clearly no longer into me, but doesn’t want to breakup
My girlfriend has been through rape,abuse, sexual manipulation and cheating boyfriends and I'm worried for her
getting back together
Boyfriend (20m) probsbly hates me (20f)
my dad is leaving us (17M)
I [22F] am worried that my boyfriend [30M] will break up with me while I'm studying for the MCAT.
I (20f) broke up with my boyfriend (20m) of 1.5 years and now he hates me
I (21M) have moved out of an apartment that I shared with my girlfriend (19F) because of her constant neediness and arguments that drove me slowly crazy.
What really love is?
I (21M) have moved out of an apartment that I shared with my girlfriend (19F) because of her constant neediness and arguments that drove me slowly crazy.
My ex has become a huge success, partially because I supported her for years -- how do I let it go?
Does my bf have a weird relationship with his mother?
Quarantined for 50+ days together now I have separation anxiety
She says she misses me and really cares about me but is actively trying to work things out with her ex boyfriend. Why?
Is she even normal?
Is she even normal?
I'm afraid my (22 F) boyfriend (30 M) is going to break up with me while I'm studying for the MCAT.
Self Pity’s a bitch.
I need relationship advice on this issue I have been having with my significant other.
She can’t decide
I (22m) am having a disagreement with my good friend and future roommate (22f) about drug use. I also feel I'm making too many compromises.
Boyfriend (22M) is angry about my (22F) communication
Boyfriend (22M) is angry because of my (22F) texting habits
My (26f) boyfriend (25m) of 6 years always wants to debate, but gets mad when I have a different opinion?
My [20/M] younger sister [17/F] is mad because I slept with her best friend [18/F], how should I apologize?
Does My Boyfriend have a Weird Relationship with his Mom?
My [34M] Dad [65M] Ridicules me , hates me and blames me for everything wrong in our life.
My (22m) friend and future roomate (22f) are haviing disagreements on how our soon to be sharehouse will run. I've compromised a few times, but I'm not sure how to discuss the issue of drug use in the house
Animal Lovers in Love..?
Animal Lovers in Love..?
help me to identify myself [Relationship] [dating] [personal issues]
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months commented on a Facebook group regarding the kinkiest stuff he’s done with his ex and I [21/F] don’t know how to feel about it. Any advice on how to handle my emotions?
My boyfriend (30M) compares us a lot and it makes me feel like he thinks lowly of me (30F)
help me to identify myself [Relationship] [dating] [personal issues]
Should I (F/22) tell him (M/23) how I feel?
[23F] want my ex ex [24M] back but it’s complicated
Should I tell him (M/23) how I (F/22) feel?
Should I tell him how I feel? (long and dramatic)
Help me (38M) make sense of my girlfriend's (40F) point of view
Breaking Up when your partner is entirely reliant on you
I need help with my relationship with my Dad
What did he mean?
What did he mean?
I need help understanding my parents
My girlfriend died and I blame myself for not being there for her.
Any advice for dealing with a breakup during isolation?
I ( 20 F) Went snooping on my (21 M) bf phone and found out he responded to a straight-gay discrete Craigslist ad. is he bi or gay??
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) is upset at me for being hit on?
Mom (52F) and sister(22F) make me (20F) feel betrayed and untrusted. Read some texts I shouldn't have.
We just broke up
Please help! Is my boyfriend bi/gay
I think I sexually assaulted my gf (plz read)
[Success story] I almost quit my job... instead I made it a learning curve
Is there a level of empathy that is no longer healthy in a relationship (20F)?
Mom (52F) & Sister (22F) are making me (M20) want to leave my house forever.
[Success story] I almost quit my job... instead I made it a learning curve
Are there still feelings here?
Is there a level of empathy that is no longer healthy in a relationship?
My (22f) boyfriend (22m)'s little brother (10m) blurted out that my boyfriend is cheating on me with his ex and vice versa.
Would it be weird if I (17/M) asked a girl (16/F) to hangout if we have only talked through text?
Me [41 M] with any gf of any duration how do I stop being so needy?
I(22f) had a feeling my bf (22m) was cheating me and his ex. His little brother (10m) confirmed it while we were all taking a walk.
Breakup Advice
Breakup Advice
Would it be weird if I (17/M) asked a girl (16/F) to hangout if we have only talked through text?
I want to fix us falling out of love.
I'm sure its a thing, but is it weird that I (30M) want to be a "serial single" person?
Would it be weird if I (17/M) asked a girl (16/F) to hangout if we have only talked through text?
I [20F] have never been in a relationship or on a date, and I'm constantly worrying about it
Trigger warning: Suicide. Last night, we talked about suicide and now I can’t reach him
I want to fix us falling out of love.
Is it weird to ask a girl to hangout if we have only talked through text?
So me (M/17) is questioning what to do about two girls, both (F/15) (No relationship length atm)
Does my ex still have feelings for me?
So me (M/17) is questioning a relationship about two girls, both (F/15) (No relationship length atm)
Does my ex still love me/have feelings?
I don't like my boyfriend's hair... help!
I [20F] have never had a boyfriend, and worried that I will never get one, advice?
Can a woman who has lost touch with the emotional (and physical) intimacy in her relationship find the passion again?
Gift giving
Can a woman who has lost touch with the emotional (and physical) intimacy in a relationship find the passion again?
Told to fuck off and was scum of the Earth
Told to fuck off and I was scum of the earth
I(F25) accidentally hurt my boyfriend(M25) while he was vulnerable
My (25F) SO (26M) used my rapist’s name against me in an argument
My (18m) friend and co-worker (17f) is ignoring me and don't know what to do about it.
My (25f) boyfriend (29m) getting down on me for character flaws, don't know if we are incompatible, I am feeling attacked.
My ex has a serious girlfriend but he drunk texted me. Do you consider this cheating?
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) wants to do a threesome, but I'm not sure if I can handle it.
My boyfriend doesn't trust me, yet he's the one who's been unloyal to me in the past
I (22M) have a girlfriend (20F) that I've been seeing for 2 months, possible incompatibility issue?
I'm making my boyfriend's depression worse
My boyfriend is liking pictures of naked girls
I (20F) dont know whether I should continue this relationship with him (25M) please help.
I’m lost
I’m totally lost right now.
I'm at a loss
[NSFW] I [m 27] was very selfish and sort of abusive with my girlfriend(s), sexually. I want to be different
I (22M) have a girlfriend (20F) that I've been seeing for 2 months. Need some advice.
My boyfriend (M/19/20) keeps mentioning proposing, moving in, etc, and it's all beginning to become too fast for me. How do I approach?
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) wants a threesome, but I don't know if I can handle it.
How do you get over your narcissist ex?
Wow, dodged a bullet
[30sM] I feel like my fiance [30sF] is emotionally manipulating me when we argue, it's been happening more frequently and I'm not sure if I'm the one going crazy.
[30sM] I feel like my fiance [30sF] might be emotionally manipulating me when we argue, it's been happening more frequently and I'm not sure if I'm the one going crazy.
Boyfriend doesn't trust me, yet he's the one that hasn't been loyal to me
My Ugly Ass Father
The guy (30m) I’ve (27f) been seeing for three months was really weird and rude to me last night and still hasn’t apologised, should I stop seeing him?
How do I (22 F) handle my mom's guilt-tripping?
Really stressed out about my [22 F] relationship with my boyfriend [30 M] and my mom.
Partner says they feel like they're being taken advantage of and that I'm too much.
How do I clean up this mess?
Me (24F) my fiancé (21M) I would like to deleted this post soon if anyone could inbox me and offer any advice I would really appreciate it. Just need someone to talk to.
I [24F] am afraid changing my first name will destroy my relationship with my father [66M]
I [24F] am afraid changing my first name will destroy my relationship with my father [66M]
Long term relationship ended, living with ex, new courtship developing, while under the same roof still as ex. How does one clean up such a mess? 🤷🏻‍♀️
I'm afraid changing my first name will destroy my relationship with my father.
No clue how to deal with my friends' (20M) very unrequited long term crush on me (20NB)
The story of how it took me a month of uncovering lies to find out my boyfriend cheated on me with his ex.
I'm (23M) not sure what's going on with my (33F) best friend
Talking to family about infertility
I (23M) am wondering what's going on with my best friend (33F)
Relationship with best friend has kinda....changed
College kid needs financial help from parents, maybe?
The story of how it took me a month of uncovering lies to find out my boyfriend cheated on me with his ex.
College kid needs financial help from parents, maybe?
My Ugly Ass Father
Wife texting ex bf
Living with an ex who has a new partner
Will be deleting post soon, if anyone can inbox me I’d be greatful would love some advice on something
How do I (17 F) approach my brother (15 M) about his “edgy” humor (and possibly concerning political beliefs)?
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
Wife will not stop talking to Ex
My [22 F] boyfriend [22 M] of 5 months is great, but I work all day, and he's too tired at night.
I [23M] am madly in love with my ex [24F] who has been my best friend since highschool, how do I tell her?
Living with an ex who has a new partner
Date wants to come to my home
Am I changing too much for my boyfriend?
When the energy is not reciprocated. Are they not trying anymore? Or am I too attached?
My [23F] Mom [50F] is incredibly against me moving in with my boyfriend [24M] of 1.5 years and I just need some help with how to respond to her so I don't lose my mind and hurt our relationship
My husband and mother can’t stand each other need help!
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) of 2.5 years told me he cheated on me a year ago while thru-hiking the Appalachian Trail, am I forgiving too soon?
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] Still Hangs Out With Her "Ex"
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
I came clean about my porn viewing habits, how do I regain my wife's trust?
I [23 F] have trust issues related to cheating and general unfaithfulness. I don’t want them to poison my amazing relationship with my partner [24 M]
My [20M] Girlfriend [19F] Still Hangs Out With Her "Ex"
My husband and my family don’t get along need help!
Boyfriend asks I stop all communication with my Ex
I (26f) asked my bf (26m) what I have going for me in life and he couldn’t tell me
my boyfriend is thinking about the military
My GF [ 20] and I [20] had a disagreement surrounding police brutality and racial tension
Post breakup texting confusion
Me [25/F] don't like or love my [25/Fs] friends anymore
I got ghosted after 2 months of talking. I never let my gaurd down. I'm so fucking hurt man
Any shame in blocking your S/O?
I let my gaurd down and got ghosted. I feel like a fool
My (m21) gf (f23) still holds onto a stuffed bear an ex gave her, and doesn't let me use it
have you seen this
My girlfriend won't get rid of or let me use her stuffed bear that an ex gave her
My GF and I [20] had a disagreement surrounding police brutality and racial tension
I [24F] caught my BF [25M] looking up local escorts.
My husband [25m of 3 years] and I [24f] have been stranded overseas from one another due to covid, he can travel but I can't
Should I stick it out? Me [30F] with my Boyfriend [34M] of 3 years.
I (20 NB) don't know how to deal with friend (20M) having a longtime crush on me
My (M20) Girlfriend (F19) of 8 months is always toxic and hurtful whenever we argue. Her track record of hurtful things over the 8 months is extensive. She has now started going out with her best friends (two males) and hid it from me. I feel like Im losing myself in my effort to stay with her.
I'm (25F) worried he (37M) won't change for the better
My fiancé revealed he had slept with someone during a 3 day split 7 years ago and kept it hidden this whole time. Advice?
My G/F wants me to meet her bff ex-husband to make sure he likes me. Our relationship hangs in balance.
I [24F] met a girl off of tinder. She [23F] is still being affectionate to me, but is kind of avoiding actually hanging out together.
Best friend has low self worth and is in a manipulative relationship and is being pressured to get married in the next month and have only been together around 3 months
20 M (advice)
What would you do if you can't meet the kinkiness of your date? - My date (27M) showed me (29F) his sex video during foreplay
My [mid 20's F] Dad [54M] has devolved into an alt-right Trump supporter and it's awful
Is this normal?
I (22m) cheated on my boyfriend (20m)
My fiancé had revealed he slept with someone during a 3 day split 7 years ago and kept it hidden this whole time. Advice?
How do I let go of guilt and negativity from an abusive relationship?
I (22m) cheated on my boyfriend (20m)
Advice
Sick and tired of the yellow fever jokes
What would you do? Torn between going home & staying
An Ex-friend
How does metoo help?
Is my girlfriend (21) actually verbally abusive to me (24)
How does metoo help?
I [24F] caught my BF [25M] looking up local escorts.
My [19F] boyfriend [19M] is getting a female roommate and I’ve expressed to him that it bothers me.
M27 I dont know what to do anymore
I’m a freelancer and my current boss seems to have fallen for me....
Manipulative relationship with pressure to get married ASAP - what do i do?
How does metoo help?
M 27. I don't know what to do anymore.
Friend in a bad/manipulative relationship pressured to get married ASAP - what do i do as a friend?
How does metoo help
My (22M) girlfriend (22F) hooked up with someone during our "exclusive" break and lied about it.
My fiancé revealed he slept with someone during a 3 day split 7 years ago and kept it hidden this whole time. Advice?
Why should I (23F) set boundaries in relationships?
My (22M) girlfriend (22F) hooked up with someone during our break and lied about it.
How does metoo help?
My 27[F] husband 39[M] is a quarantine protester. Now I'm sick.
I need help
Since this whole covid lockdown thing started I’ve noticed my husband showing less interest into spending time with me and being affectionate towards me.
My girlfriend (21) makes me (25m) feel bad about myself.
How should i tell the girl i'm interested in that i want to take her out?
I feel like experimenting with other girls
How does metoo help?
What would you do?
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
How should i tell the girl i'm interested in that i want to take her out?
why am i (23M) more interested in the girl (23F) who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl (21F) who actually wants me?
What would you do?
why am i more interested in the girl who treated me like shit and doesn’t want me than the girl who actually wants me?
I (25F) desperately want to turn down my dream guy (33M) because of my own insecurities
What would you do?
My [30M] girlfriend [28F] recently broke up with me because her parents were making passive aggressive and bigoted comments about me and my religious background.
My 27[F] husband 39[M] is a quarantine protested. Now I'm sick.
I became the other women and it’s really ruined my self esteem
My [30M] girlfriend [28F] recently broke up with me because her parents were making passive aggressive and bigoted comments about me and my religious background for the year and a half of our relationship they knew about.
I feel like experimenting with other girls.
Does situationship ever works?
My best friend of 8 years/future roommate is trying to tell me what I can and can’t do when living together even though it doesn’t affect her [Both F20]
I’ve (24F) been dating this guy (23M) for almost 4 months and he still rarely texts me
My best friend of 8 years/future roommate it trying to tell me what I can and can’t do when we live together even if she is unaffected by it [Both F20]
Girlfriend (22) has trouble with physical affection
I’ve (24F) been dating this guy (23M) for almost 4 months and he still barely texts me
Ex-girlfriend just hacked my Snapchat. What should I do?
How do I ask my fiancée to be a bit more selective about what she mocks me for?
I’m having issues help
Strict racist muslim parents.
23 [F4M] Single & Looking
Me(29) and her (25) how do I get back into dating and being patient...
My [20sM] girlfriend [20sF] told me she didn’t find me attractive at the beginning of our relationship and treated me badly because of it.
My (29M) girlfriend (30F) of 3 years and I are talking about getting married and I see myself proposing within the next year. Problem: She wants a wedding, and I have no one to invite.
23 [F4M] Single & Looking
23 [F4M] Single
What do I do with a Jew?
I think I'm a clingy gf
I think I'm a clingy gf
I’m bi (M33) and my wife (F32) is straight. We want to meet other couples with similar relationship dynamics for friendship.
I’m bi (M33) and my wife (F32) is straight. We want to meet other couples with similar relationship dynamics for friendship. Ideas?
I’m bi (33M) and my wife is straight (F32). We want to meet couples with similar relationship dynamics for friendship.
My boyfriend tells me the novelty of new sex is all that, but I’m not sure I believe him? (26F)(29M)
Who can help me?!
My boyfriend doesn’t know how to deal with his anger or accept his faults
I’m bi and married to a straight female. We want to find other couples with similar relationship dynamics.
Unstable relationship goes long distance
Dating older guy without phone contact
A few years ago, I (18m) met a girl who was perfect for me, she loved fishing, hunting, trucks, cattle, and construction, but at the time I was 14 and she was 16, and I wasn’t into girls. Now that I'm older, though, how can I find another girl like me?
I [26F] want to talk about timelines with my boyfriend [31M] of eighteen months and I'm not sure how to approach this.
I (18/M) Visited My Long Distance Girlfriend (18/F) from Scotland for the First Time
I really don't know how to move on
I (18/M) Visited My Long Distance Girlfriend (18/F) from Scotland for the First Time
Can’t seem to find or start talking to someone with relationship intentions anymore?
Unrequited love/triangle advice. Need to vent.
'Unofficial' BF left on a birthday celebration trip and didnt invite me! I feel left out, am I justified?
My boyfriend doesn’t know how to deal with his anger or being at fault
I Met My Long Distance Girlfriend from Scotland for the First Time
I Met My Long Distance Girlfriend from Scotland for the First Time (Video)
I’ve always had a problem with relationships and need some advice
Should I [25/M] be concerned that my partner [24/F] is cheating, or am I (in their words) trying to control who they socialize with?
My (21M) Girlfriend (18F) together for almost 3 years moved out and is becoming increasingly distant
I [26F] want to talk about timelines with my boyfriend [31M] of eighteen months and I'm not sure how to approach this.
My boyfriend (25M) and I (23F) of four years (about 3 years of that we are a 2 hours drive apart) and we are struggling with communicating.
When you start dating exclusively should you stop following the opposite gender on Instagram?
I (21M) am afraid of my (18 - 22 M/F) co-workers
Mental health and online dating help!
I'm Lost
I'm [25M] still in love with my ex [25F] 5 months on, dont know how to talk and try and start again
Was I on the right to dump this person? did they deserved to be dumped?
i’m scared my boyfriend is going to leave me
My (21M) mom (48F) wants me to get into an arranged marriage if I can't find a relationship that fits her criteria
My (26f) bfs (27m) relationship with his brother is driving a wedge between us [resentment]
Online Dating and mental illness help
My (26f) bfs (27m) relationship with his brother is getting is driving a wedge between us [resentment]
When you start dating exclusively should you stop following the opposite gender on Instagram?
My (26f) bfs (27m) relationship with his brother is getting is driving a wedge between us [resentment]
I need help dealing with anxiety
My (21M) mom (48F) wants me to get into an arranged marriage if I can't find a relationship that fits her criteria
How do I (19F) tell my boyfriend (20M) that what he did didn't violate me and that he actually helped me realize many things
My (25M) girlfriend (25F) has become less and less interested in me sexually over the course of our relationship, and it's affecting my self esteem & mental health
is my (20f) relationship with my sister (22f) salvageable?
my (20f) relationship with my sister (22f) salvageable?
Is this healthy?
20 year old man in desperate need of advice
How to Help Boyfriend During Stressful Times
Boyfriend's friend annoys me
Need advice for my relationship with (21M)
Need advice with my boyfriend (21M). I am (21F)
I love my boyfriend but I also don't
Maybe i am not suitable for relatinships?
I love my boyfriend but I also don't
I need help dating
Relationship changed and need advice
How to Help Boyfriend During Stressful Times
Sister doesn’t want me alive
Sister says “just die”
My [22 F] boyfriend [30 M] is addicted to fantasy football...
I (23f) haven't talked to my younger sister (21f) for over a year, we live in the same house
My (24F) coworker (34M) keeps ignoring me and avoiding me at random times. Should I bring it up?
Girl from tinder wants to know my height
Girl (23) who was interested in me (male,25) deleted me off of snapchat.
I (23F) am trying to forgive my girlfriend (22F) for breaking up with me last year because she wanted to experiment. I want to trust her again but can’t seem to let myself.
Toxic family
Unhealthy family relationships
When your two best friends aren’t getting along. (F/40s, 50s) Boyfriend in the mix.
Unhealthy family relationships
I (23F) am trying to forgive my girlfriend (22F) for breaking up with me last year because she wanted to experiment. I want to trust her again but can’t seem to figure out how.
My [25f] boyfriend [27m] abruptly moved across the country, now indifferent towards relationship
I can’t tell if I (23f) am overly sensitive or if my boyfriend (23m) is emotionally abusive?
Is it unethical for me [23F] to continue a friendship with a guy [26M] I know has a crush on me?
My (33m) girlfriend (30f) wants us to buy a new car instead of her learning to drive mine.
I (23F) am trying to forgive my girlfriend (22F) for breaking up with me and wanting me back. I think she might be the love of my life.
This guy was trying to pressure me into sending him nudes after pretending to be my friend for like 2 months
Is it unethical to continue being friends with someone I [23F] know has feelings for me?
My (22F) Boyfriend(22M)’s “friend” (23M) is taking advantage of him and he can’t see that.
How should I (M22) deal with sisters (F23, F25) not being supportive as I was dealing with tough mental issues
My friend hates me now
Gf?
Gf?
Found out a friend hates me
I(18m) lied to my gf (18f) to get back at her and now she won’t believe me
Gf?
How should I (M22) deal with sisters (F23, 25) not being supportive as I was dealing with tough mental issues
I am gay and now I want to have lots of sex
how do i convince my best friend to attend therapy + an essay on our friendship for no reason
I (24F) have low self esteem and am jealous of my friends (20's Fs) relationships
Have I[f/27] fallen out of love with my partner[m/29], or is my ex[m/31] clouding my thoughts? Help!
Is it wrong/weird that I don’t want my boyfriends, friend sleeping in our bed?
Sexually assaulted as a kid and navigating a new relationship
Me [26 F] with my bf [26 M]: communication issues
UPDATE: I [32m] overheard my girlfriend [32f] tell her sister [27f] that she is "dating down" being with me because she makes more money than me... and is "surprised that I don't have roommates" I make 135k a year she makes 205k.
I need advise
am i a goldigger or do i just need to higher my standards
The ongoing battle of household chores
How do I [23F] stop this destructive behavior so I can have a chance at having normal romantic relationships?
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma I (21M) have with a person(21F)in my class?
Is my relationship worth saving? please help
My mom made a PayPal account under my dead grandfathers name
My (F, 21) boyfriend (M, 22) told me he masturbates to other girls instagram photos.
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma I (21M) have with a person(21F)in my class?
Past experiences have me (22M) second guessing friendship with (22F)
I (m22) am giving up on the competitive nature of relationships
I'm (21M) wondering if my girlfriend (22F) is showing me manipulative red flags
My [28/F] inlaws are polar opposites to my own in the best ways
Urgently want to help my wife f (27) , though the issue makes me uncomfortable M (31)
My (23F) Boyfriend (32M) claims I make him suicidal, but he won’t break up with me
I’m (M21) not man enough for her(F19) past
I’m (M21) not ma enough for her (F19) past
I’m (M21) not man enough for her (F19) past
Should I tell my friend I want her to cut off contact with my mom?
(16) my bf just broke up with me
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma I (21M) have with a person(21F)in my class?
Depressed girlfriend [22F] Lied to me [21M] for 6+ months about failing classes, trickle truthed it. I still trust her, am I crazy?
My parents check out girl I'm dating on facebook do I have the right to be angry?
[18 single M] any relationship advice for starting college?
Should I M19 be mad at my parents for checking out my crushes on Facebook?
Any tips for starting college?
My (33m) girlfriend (30f) wants us to buy a new car instead of her learning to drive mine.
Do I M19 have the right to be angry with my parents?
Do I M19 have the right to be angry at my parents?
Do I M19 have the right to be angry with my parents?
Do I have the right to be angry with my parents?
Fiancee (27F) wants to buy her Mom a house
My Girlfriend(21F) grandfather is about to pass away. We have a 7 month long-distance relationship. I want to support her, what could I do ?
When did you decide it's the right time to have kids?
Depressed girlfriend [22F] Lied to me [21M] for 6+ months about failing classes, trickle truthed it. I still trust her, am I crazy?
Am I validated in being upset over my boyfriend’s Instagram activity? (26F) and (30M)
My(24M) draining toxic relationship with my girlfriend(23F)
When did you decide it's the right time to have kids?
Girlfriend hides phone then denies hiding it
How to deal with a friend who always tries to invite himself to go with me when I have plans with other friends?
My (35/F) husband (36/M) of five years recently admitted to me that he had cheated on me before we were married.
How could I support my GF with her grandfather, who is about to pass away? She is 21 years old and we are in a 7 month long-distance relationship.
Is it weird for me [27M] to have a roommate of the opposite sex [27F] for my last year of medical school if I am married?
How could I support with her grandfather passing away ? She is 21 years old and we are in a 7 month long-distance relationship.
Boyfriend intentionally ignores my jokes
I (F23) am upset about my partner’s (M23) actions from before we were official
My GF(21F) grandfather is about to pass away. What could I (20M) do to support her ? We have a 7 month long-distance relationship.
Boyfriend intentionally doesn't react to my jokes
My GF(21F) grandfather is about to pass away. What could I (20M) do to support her ?
UPDATE: Husband (40M) left me (35F) but insists we play it cool in fron of the family and keep living together for our children's sake - Also I don't know how to tell my mom
I (25M) saw a conversation on my GF(31) phone and she became instantly defensive.
Dilemma that's making me stuck in my toxic relationship
Free Dating site
Something is always wrong...
I am (20M) and My gf(21F) grandpa is very sick and is about to pass away, we have a 7 month long-distance relationship and I don’t know what to do to support her in her sorrows
Dilemma that's keeping me stuck in my toxic relationship
Doing homework for a friend
Something is always wrong.
I (20M) need Advice How to support my GF(21F) in her sorrows
I (25M) confronted my GF (31) about a conversation I saw. She became instantly defensive, making me look like the bad guy.
I (F24) am jealous and angry over my partner’s (M24) actions from before we were official
My gf grandpa is very sick and is about to pass away, we have a 7 month long-distance relationship and I don’t know what to do to support her in her sorrows
My gf grandpa is very sick and is about to pass away, we have a 7 month long-distance relationship and I don’t know what to do to support her in her sorrows.
My girlfriend (23F) speaking about wearing thong bikinis
Me [24M] And My girlfriend [22F] Is she Cheating one me ?
UPDATE: Husband (40M) left me (35F) but wants to keep it cool in front of the family
How do I end a friendship/drift apart from someone without being mean?
UPDATE: Husband (40M) left me (35F) but wants to keep it cool in front of the family
UPDATE: Husband left me but wants to keep it cool in front of the family
I [24 M] don't know how to tell my wife [58 F] that I am celibate. We have been married for about three years now and I can't bring myself to tell her. How can I let her know?
How do I end a friendship/drift apart from someone without being mean?
Me [24M] and My gf [22F] Is she Cheating on me or I was her backup plan ?
My [18f] boyfriends [17] girl bestfriend [17] is jealous of me
My friend keeps wanting to take credit for every little thing and is starting to get some really annoying personallity habbits
Was wondering how to deal with this relationship dilemma with a person in my class?
Me (20M) want to help my (21F) GF in her sorrows because her grandfather is about to pass away.
My friend keeps wanting to take credit for every little thing and is starting to get some really annoying personallity habbits
Should I give up?
49(M) partner of 3 years has some red flag behavior and I think it might be time to pull the plug In our relationship
My[f18] boyfriends [17] girl bestfriend [17] is jealous of me, whay does it mean?
Ex-sext buddy still sends me nudes even when he's in a serious relationship with a wonderful woman.
What does it mean if my boyfriend’s girl best friend is jealous of me without even knowing or meeting me?
I (21M) cheated on my girlfriend (21f) of 3 years to see if I actually loved her
Is stating your expectationts 2 months into dating going "too fast"?
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away? I want her to feel my her side, but I dont know to.
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
Should I [24/M] ask someone out during this pandemic?
Is this a good text to send to a girl who I haven’t spoken to in awhile? 19M
What am I doing wrong?
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
what do you do when nearly all your friends forget about your birthday ?
Should I [20F] start dating?
My bf and my dad almost came to blows at my daughter’s kindergarten graduation parade.
I [30m] am feeling resentment toward my [27f] lazy and unmotivated fiance.
How could I (20 yo, male) help my gf (21yo, female) with her grandfather, who is about to pass away?
Am I wrong?
Should i start dating or not?
My bf broke up with me, I was mean, so I sent him this. Will he contact me?
What am I doing wrong?
Was it wrong for me [33M] to ask my friend's SO [40F] to change her resume for a job referral?
Did I [M33] do something wrong when I asked my friend's SO [40F] to change her resume?
How could i help my gf wit this problematic ?
Haven’t spoken to someone in a while is this a good text to send? 19 M
Did I do something wrong by asking my friend's SO to change her resume to refer her to a job?
My husband (25m) of 6 years was caught cheating on me (29f) and I want to forgive him but I can't trust him.
Relationship breakdown - me (44f) and husband (48m)
I (30M) have feelings for my coworker (38F) but today she told me I’m like her little brother...
Getting engaged during COVID-19
[22] Chronically emotionally immature in my relationship, resources?
Getting engaged during COVID-19
My gf (33f) of over 3 years won't sleep over out of moral obligation, despite having done so in the past
I (22M) and hurt over my girlfriend (24F) forgetting about my Christmas gift, should I get over it or tell her about it?
Me (19 nonbinary) and my parents (42F) (43M) are struggling to get along and I don't know what to do
I want my friend back what should I do?
[22] Chronically emotionally immature in my relationship, resources?
How do I (27 NB) ask my mother (67 F) who is my real father?
Am I wrong?
Religious gf (33f) won't sleep over for moral reasons despite doing so in the past.
Girlfriend’s (F23) changes how she feels about me/treats me so much that I (F22) have emotional whiplash
I want my friend back.
If my bf is still thinking about his ex
I (30M) have feelings for my coworker (38F) but today she told me I’m like her little brother...
Workplace Conflict - How to Deal
Work Conflict - What's the right reaction?
Was it my fault she ended up in prison?
Quarantine may be the last straw...
Quarantine might be the last straw for us...
How do I ask my mother who is my real father?
How do I (19/F) cope with being bullied by former friends?
Was I in the wrong, about this?
My (27M) boyfriend won't move out on his own and it's making me (26F) want to dump him for it
Me (19 M) and my brother (16 M) are growing apart from our parents.
Me (19 M) and my brother (16 M) are almost completely dissociated from our parents.
I'm (23/f) thinking of leaving my boyfriend (32/m) so he can be with his friend (30/f)
I (M25) think my first relationship (of 9 years) is about to end - how do I cope without them (F25)?
What can I text to the guy I'm interested in to hang out with me? (I know it sounds dumb af)
Should I stop seeing an older man?
My girlfriend (19F) does not want to have sex with me (21M) except after marriage
I (19F) have parents (45F 46M) so manipulative and controlling that I just don't know if to actually go NC the moment I leave home
I (17m) got insecure after my girlfriend (17f) kinda implied that she’d want me to be taller
So hurt & exhausted because my partner & I (37M & 31F) have a deep sexual disconnect - can it be salvaged? How?
Me (28f) and my boyfriend (30M) are together three months but I just found out I’m pregnant!
Religion vs Relationship
The most common zodiac sign you attract? ...and repel?
I don’t have the energy for extremes
My friend [18F] asked me [18F] to rate her looks, I said she's a 3/10. Now she's upset and won't talk to me.
The most common zodiac sign you attract? ...& repel?
My Girlfriends Guy Friend
The most common zodiac sign you attract? ...& repel?
How do I approach girlfriend being defensive about her acting weird with her phone?
Girlfriend is always protective over her phone
My (33F) fiance (36M) doesn't support my desired career change
How do I (25 M) feel less hurt by wife's (25 F) friendship?
Religion vs Love?
Looking for small gifts or attentions for my [F22] boyfriend [M26]
My Girlfriends Guy Friend
Deal w insecurity issues together
My [late30sF] H (40sM) doesn't hear well, causes problems
How to respond to "nice" men that slide into dms?
Looking for small gifts or attentions for my [F22] boyfriend [M26]
I’m mad at my cousin
How to respond to "nice" men that slide into dms?
I feel like an asshole for being mad at my girlfriend over a christmas gift. Should I talk to her about it or just get over it?
Friend(26F)’s therapist gave advice against me(25F) - Should I listen?
Dealing w relationship insecurities together
Best friend for 3 years not sure what to do
I (30/F) got upset and hit my bf(34/M) and now he's being mean. Will things go back to normal or will he be like this forever?
What can I text to the guy I'm interested in to hang out with me? (I know it sounds dumb af)
Friend (26F)’s therapist gave advice to her against me (25F) - Do I listen?
My (27m) fiancee (27f) and I broke up less than two weeks before our wedding because I discovered inappropriate/explicit text messages between her and her sister's husband (32 M).
She [26F] and I [31M] took a break after a few months and are now trying to improve... advice for working on my side of this?
My insane mother won’t let me (19) go visit my boyfriend in NY after lockdown ends because I’m “mentally unwell” and not “normal” for not wanting to talk or associate with her
Not keen to criticism (20 m) me and my gf (20 f) been together for a year and a half
My bf admitted to cheating on his ex and i’m scared he’ll do it to me too.
My bf admitted he cheated on his ex and i’m scared he’ll do it to me
She [26] and I [31] took a break after a few months and are now trying to improve... advice for working on my side of this?
Deal w insecurities together
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) is the only intimate partner I've had- and that scares me.
Friend’s therapist gave advice against me - Am I emotionally manipulative?
I (30F) am having cold feet about living with my (37m) partner
My (M27) partner (M32) acts like I'm too needy for wanting physical affection.
My (22F) boyfriend (20M) didn't get me anything for my birthday.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) is the only intimate partner I've had- and that scares me.
Should I(23F) risk being disowned by my mother(52F) to be with my bestfriend(24M)?
Long distance friendship
My boyfriend (21) believes in reverse racism.
I(20F) discovered that my mother (45F) is cheating on my dad (49M)
Very weird situation
(27F) I got offended when my (34M) bf told me to do squats. Am I being too sensitive?
I (26M) got into an affair with a married woman(33F) and got out of it. What should I do now?
I [19F] started sending photos of my meals to my mum [53F] to bond with her despite our rocky relationship. Now she sees it as an expectation for everything I eat
I (F26) have relationship anxiety with my bf (M24)
My [32 F] husband [37 M] has been liking a girl's sexy pics and she has been liking his back
I (27M) was finally so close to giving up my v-card, but then COVID happened. Now it seems like it may never happen anytime soon. How can I not feel so defeated?
i cant do this anymore
My [32 F] husband [37 M] has been liking a girl's sexy pics and she likes his back
My boyfriend (26m) made a comment about my sisters and it bothered me.
I [22F] am left confused about a relationship with a guy [23M] that involved a lot of games, reverse psychology and manipulation
I (23f) think my 2 year relationship with my (27m) boyfriend came to an end through text?
My (22F) boyfriend (20M) didn't get me anything for my birthday
Looking for ideas for fathers day
How do I (23F) tell my friend (23F) that i don’t want to hangout with her friend (24F)?
I can’t hold myself together, I am so hurt and disappointed
Dealing with Gf's (22) Promiscuous Past
My bf's mom took his phone and broke us up herself. (We're both 18 in a few months. I'm graduated and he's not)
Girlfriend's Promiscuous Past
Gf's high body count
Confused about what my ex wants
Looking for ideas for fathers day
Very confused about what my ex wants
My bf's mom took his phone and broke us up herself. (We're both going to be 18 in a few months. I'm graduated and he's not)
I [21F] suggested to my SO [21M] we take a break after he disregarded our quarantine conditions. Am I in a harmful relationship, or am I just overreacting? Should I forgive him?
Very confused about what my ex wants
How do I bring this up with them?
My gf of 2.5 years ended it because she was depressed and unhappy with herself, not feeling like she was enough for me. She said she loves me more than anything and that she know's that I'm the one for her but doesn't know if this is the right time for her.
How do I bring this up with them?
I’m I being selfish for wanting to talk more ( lonely)
A guy (possibly 34M) that my GF (27F) met on her recent vacation is religiously liking all of her pics on Insta. Maybe something's up? (I'm 24M)
Is he [31M] losing interest, or am I [25F] just jumping the gun?
My (f22) mom (f50) is so toxic and controlling, it's affecting my life
Am I being selfish for wanting to talk more ( lonely)
My (23) father wants me to cut all ties with me until I leave my girlfriend (21) of 2 years because she's a Muslim.
I [21F] suggested to my SO [21M] we take a break after he disregarded our quarantine conditions. Am I in a harmful relationship, or am I just overreacting? Should I forgive him?
How do I (31M) get into another relationship, knowing it'll never be as good?
I (21M) my friend (21F) asked me a question the other day and I need it solved. Can you reddit keyboard warriors help me?
23 [F4M] Kik User
How do I (31M) get into another relationship, knowing it'll never be as good?
Argument style creating challenges for me (43F) and live in BF (51M)
My (25f) boyfriend's (27m) story doesn't add up and I think he lied to me, but I don't have definitive "proof." How do I approach this without being accusatory?
(35m) abusive Narc? Seriously what is wrong with this guy?!?!
I (18M) feel uncomfortable about my friend's (19F) dangerous driving.
How do you get into another relationship, knowing it'll never be as good?
I want to love my ex, even though I have broken up with her.
Stripes
Why is she upset?
Low libido and the rifts it causes.
Self doubt over my (27 M) worth of myself and my girlfriend (24F)
What is wrong with me?
Who doesn’t like kissing?!?
Should you tell your partner the details of cheating?
Who doesn’t like kissing?!
My gf [22 F] white said some crazy things to me [24 M] black about the cop killing George Floyd in Minnesota
Shared job that is absolutely not shared.
Self doubt over my (27 M) worth of myself and my girlfriend (24F)
I (m28) am having lots of arguements with my fiancee (f28) of 3 years about work
Shared job but my coworker refuses to talk to me.
I [22F] am left confused about a relationship with a guy [23M] that involved a lot of games, reverse psychology and manipulation
I [22F] am left confused about a relationship with a guy [23M] that involved a lot of games, reverse psychology and manipulation
How are there like is reletionship
[ADVICE] Girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me. How to I get her back?
My [M25] GF [F25] is a Covid-19 nurse and this virus is breaking us apart
How do I let my boyfriend know I want something for VDay without telling him?
[ADVICE] Girlfriend Broke up with me but I want her back
I'm having a really hard time managing my breakup
My (19M) ex (19F) left me because she thought I was cheating.
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) seems to have an issue with me masturbating no matter what.
What should I (M23) do about communication with my Ex (F20) after breaking up because of a weird situation?
I (m28) am having arguments with my fiancee (f28) about my work schedule
I am a (23F) and my mental health is slowly deteriorating due to relationship and past issues
Loving someone and not being with them
What should I (M23) do about communication with my Ex (F20) after breaking up because of a weird situation?
49(M) partner of 3 years has some red flag behavior
Me [34 F] struggling with dating. Are there any older people here that can help?
Just found out my (28m) boyfriend is an addict. Need advice.
I am (23F) and my mental health is slowly deteriorating due to toxic relationships and past issues
My gf of 2.5 years ended it because she was depressed and unhappy with herself, not feeling like she was enough for me. She said she loves me more than anything and that she know's that I'm the one for her but doesn't know if this is the right time for her.
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) gets angry over small issues
TRIGGER WARNING: What do you think of my situation?
I've never been with someone, not even kissed a guy
I(M25) am confused and worried about this girl(24) because suddenly she went cold.
My (22F) BF (24M) purposely looked up his ex's (23F) instagram account despite me asking him to restrict it.
Toxic Girlfriend? Help Me Decide!
My (26F) bfs(30M) mom buys his underwear for him
I [M] believe that my girlfriend [F] is very toxic. Can you please steer me in the right direction?
I (23f) am really tired of having the same conversations with my partner (27m)
My (26F) bf's (30M) mom buys his underwear for him
Toxic Girlfriend? Help Me Decide!
Me [20 F] & [20 M] 4 years, am I being unreasonable saying that he can't bring family to collect his things after breaking up? Because it could risk my dog's health.
Toxic Girlfriend? Help Me Decide!
My (28m) boyfriend is an addict and I didn’t know. Need advice.
Toxic Girlfriend? Please Help Me Decide!
Tips for me [25M] for hooking up with younger girls?
Can’t stop feeling in fight/flight after finding out my girlfriend has almost certainly been cheating.
My(23M) girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) doesn't like me.
24, straight, male, and a dangerous amount of dad jokes.
24, male, and a dangerous amount of silly humor.
I (23F) really like this guy (24M) but I'm moving, I don't know if I should open up to him
King of stonewalling
24 year-old male with terrible social skills, how do I tell if a girl is flirting with me?
King of stonewalling
i am 23f, my ex is 40m. he is being too clingy
My(23M) girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) doesn't like me.
I (30 M) have a [fantasy] about my girlfriend (27) teasing other guys/girls, are there others guys with similar experiences with their girlfriend?
Today my bf wrote me a letter
I (25F) am resentful towards my bf (25M) since quarantining together.
I (25F) am resentful towards my bf (25M) since quarantining together.
Why creating order is the key to achieving freedom
I (F/24) want to cut off my mother (F/58) and brother (M/18). Am I doing the right thing?
I (M22) am being lied to by my sister (F23) about her abusive ex coming back
I (M22) am being lied to by my Sister (F23) about her abusive ex coming back into her life
Been dating a guy (30m) for three months and he’s so hot and cold and I’m (27f) so confused. Do I give up?
Had an argument on my birthday 6 days ago, haven't spoken to my gf since
Had an argument on my birthday 6 days ago, haven't spoken to my gf since
My (22m) boyfriend wants a MMF threesome with me (20F) and I'm not sure how to feel about it
I 19m broke up with my girlfriend 19f in September.
M 16 and Why is it that i now like her now that shes wronged me
My (22m) boyfriend wants to have a MMF threesome with me (20F) and I'm not sure how to feel about it
Can emotional abuse ever be justified?
How do I (21F) stop caring about what my family would think if they found out who my bf (31M) is?
I(19M) need advice on a problem bothering me deep down..
I (23F) have no common interests with my boyfriend (23M) of 2 years and it's driving me nuts
Im 16 and Why is it that i now like her now that shes wronged me
I told [22F] my boyfriend [28M] about how his actions have affected me and he started crying and asks me why I like to make him sad.
Im 16 and Why is it that i now like her now that shes wronged me
Interesting...!
WWYD
I (19M) need advice on something bothering me
My [M25] Girlfriend [F25] is a Covid-19 nurse and this virus has ultimately ended our relationship
WWYD
I (23F) have no common interests with my boyfriend (23M) and it's driving me nuts
Why is it that i now like them now that theyve wronged me
Ladies, Should I (30M) forgive her?
I (23F) have no common interests with my boyfriend (23M) of 2 years and it's driving me nuts
NOT ATTRACTED TO MY WIFE
I 19m broke up with my girlfriend 19f last year.
I feel like I’m [F26] the problem but everyone including my boyfriend [M27] says I’m not.
Friends but not "best friends"
How to handle this weird situation.
How do I (20M) help my girlfriend (18F) get over her trust issues?
Am I insensitive??
My(29f) friend(26M) shares stuff about his personal life and now i suddenly want it to stop even though I had no issues till now.
My [22F] boyfriend [23M] has gained a lot of weight which has lessened my attraction towards him, he doesn’t seem bothered
My(29 F) friend (26M) shares his relationship problems with me and sometimes i wanna tell him to settle.
Breakup, new BF a week later, horrible consequences.
LOSS OF SEXUAL ATTRACTION TO MY WIFE
Me [29/M] and my SO [25/F] have been living together for 3 months after dating for 3 years, and her messiness is beginning to drive me crazy.
New BF one week after breakup, horrible consequences.
My girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) doesn't want me around.
How do I (25M) tell the girl I’m dating (24F) that the amount we’ve been communicating is not acceptable from my perspective?
Twin brother bad mouthed me to gf
Twin bro bad mouthed me to gf
Me (F18) and my bf (M17) are on a break due to his personal reasons and it makes me upset and idk why
True Love, How to Obtain It
My girlfriend's(23F) brother(28M) wants to kick me out.
Porn
My friend [F36] is being a terrible friend to me [F30]. Should I confront her?
Gf has just hidden her stories from me and I don't know what to think
My 16(M) father 48(M) just demands too much and thinks the whole Earth revolves around him.
UPDATE: My[33M] Wife [31F] has a new male best friend
UPDATE:My[33M] Wife [31F] has a new male best friend
I [33 F] had a very frustrating experience with my psychiatrist [40ish F] and I need advice. Was it my fault? Is this normal?
How do I tell my Bf to stop being so clingy?
My[33M] wife [31F] has a male best friend Part 2
Partner smokes and I hate it.
My (28F) parents (60s) recently found out about my bf (35M) and they are hyper-critical. How do I approach this?
Brotherly love
Fantasizing About Other Women, Is This Normal?
I love this girl so much, what should i do, i am so worried about us.
How do I tell my Bf to stop being so clingy?
Boyfriend lied about who he was with and won't invite me anywhere
How should I (28f) handle this situation with boyfriend (33m)?
I (M18) think I'm falling in love again, but I don't know how to handle it.
Fantasizing About Other Women - Is this normal?
My now ex-boyfriend decided I wasn’t the “one” for him
Fantasizing About Other Women
My 31M girlfriend 27F wants to meet up with her family again in a short period of time.
My partner smokes and I hate it.
I [27f] am becoming uncomfortable with my fiancé’s [27m] casual, daily intake of pornographic and lewd content
My boyfriend decided I was the “one” for him
Boyfriend decided I was the “one” for him
Should I 31M tell my 27F girlfriend that I don’t want to see her family on Friday or am I being selfish?
Just an appreciation post
I [26f] am becoming uncomfortable with my fiancé’s [27m] casual, daily intake of pornographic and lewd content
We (M/21) (F/18) have different opinions on smoking, and I don’t know what to do
We (M/21) (F/18) have conflicting opinions on smoking, and I don’t know what to do
Ex text me after a few weeks, opened up a bit but then apologise for texting me.
How can I (F22) support my single best friend (F22)?
I’m in a kind of weird situation with my ex and need some advice.
Toxic “friend” (26f) won’t leave me (25f) alone?
Getting back together after a breakup in LDR?
I think my dad hit my younger brother what doi need to do
Does getting together after a break work for LDR?
Girlfriend (20F) wants to fulfill sexual fantasies but they involve cheating. Should I leave?
Idk what to do
Do men really mature late?
Girlfriend breaks up because I refused to give her a ride.
Was I (26 M) assuming?
Here's Some TEA!
I Feel Like A Failure Of A Human Being
My (20M) Girlfriend (19F) told me she kissed another guy after going out clubbing. Is this cheating?
Reddit help - am I in the right about my gf being clingy/unreasonable, or not?
I (26 m) am wrong, no matter what to my GF (21)
Girlfriend breaks up because I refused to give her a ride.
My (20f) boyfriend's (21m) unhealthy eating habits are bothering me and I don't know if I should say something
Am i being selfish or...?
I Feel Like A Failure Of A Human Being
I wanna know everyones opinion
A relationship advice from (22 m)for everyone hope you use it one day
7+ years of social fear
7+ years of social fear
I [24/F] need to decide whether I want to end things with my boyfriend [25/M]
I (21m) giving you an advice hope it benefits anyone who was or in a situation like mine
Naughty Photo got bad reaction from husband
My (17F) dad (42M) back and acts like a father and this is annoying to me
Trainwreck advice? I am less than perfect but I am trying so hard
Age gap
Need advice on space and time
I [22M] texted my ex [23F] in a lapse of judgement. Found out she's living with the guy she cheated on me with.
My bf [32M] doesn't want me [26F] contacting a close friend who is now doing time
My(27F) fiance(28M) is meeting my parents for the first time via Skype soon.
Boyfriend lied about who he was with
[32m] trying to deal with jealous issues [25f]
My 40 year friendship has gone toxic. What would you do next?
My(27f) brother(30M) is starting to say racist stuff and I'm tired of it.
I (23/F) am still in love with my abusive (25/M) bf and I am thinking of getting back.
I think my(26F) brother(30M) is racist and really want to change this.
I don’t know how to not be jealous at my boyfriends girl-friends.
My girlfriend (20f) is talking a lot to my best friend's boyfriend (23m). Should I be worried?
My (23F) Boyfriend (32M) says I’m helping him get over his ex even though they broke up in 2015?
Potentially NSFW
Should I (26M) end the relationship after 18 months with her (20F) and throw away marriage because I know I can't control my alcohol addiction rather than introduce my bad habits to our future family and a rough divorce sometime in the future?
(29m) having trouble dealing with best friend’s girlfriend’s behaviors
My girlfriend is talking to her bestfriend's boyfriend a lot. Should I be worried?
What's the best way to handle a break up?
I (M/26) feel like my girlfriend (F/27) might be gaslighting me and not even realizing it.
Im in deep shi..
NSFW
Should you keep distance with ex girlfriend?
My boyfriend(25) deleted every single picture of us on Instagram
I (M39) discovered my wife (F35) of 12 years worked as an escort when we met. How can I move past this
Im in deep shi..
My friend got broken up with by her bf of 2½ years
My (F/33) BF (M/35) keeps pushing me beyond my comfort zone in sex...
Relationship with girlfriend has changed radically and I am suffering emotionally
Me (26M) dated a married woman(unknowingly at first)(33F) and don't know what to do.
My boyfriend(25) has deleted all of our pictures on Instagram
A message to the young men of this generation (teens-early 20s) if you are kind, well-mannered, genuinely nice, don’t bother with dating. All girls/women your age want a-holes.
I can't quite figure it out
My friend just got broken up with by her bf of 2½ years
My friend just got broken up with by her bf of 2½ years
is it worth breaking up?
IS MY FWB JEALOUS OF ME GOING INTO MODELLING?
My boyfriend deleted pictures of me and of me and him off of Instagram
IS MY FWB JEALOUS OF ME MODELLING???
my boyfriend is an idiot
I (M 19) just don't know how to comfort my girlfriend (F 19) of 2 years.
I found out my wife was having a conversation about reconnecting with her ex-boyfriend.
My insane mother won’t let me (19) go visit my boyfriend in NY after lockdown ends because I’m “mentally unwell” and not “normal” for not wanting to talk or associate with her.
my boyfriend is an idiot
Should I be worried that my boyfriend(M25) asked my friend(F25) to go climbing without telling me?
My insane mother won’t let me (19) go visit my boyfriend in NY after lockdown ends because I’m “mentally unwell” and not “normal” for not wanting to talk or associate with her.
I (21F) think so am genuinely in love with this kid (21M) and I don’t know how to make it stop or if I just have to remove myself from the friendship? Everything is weird between us.
My (m17) girlfriend (f17) cheated on me and blocked me when I showed her proof
When do couples “take a break”?
If this man (29M) really liked me (24F), would the relationship be more serious after about six months of casual dating?
If a guy (20s) offers a shower when you go over for booty call, what does it mean?
How can I(F29) be the big cool sister to my younger(F25) sister
If this man (29M) really liked me (24F), would the relationship be more serious after about six months of casual dating?
How can I(F29) be the big cool sister to my younger(F25) sister
Am I crazy (35f) or is (35m) abusive, what is wrong with this guy?
My boyfriend (28M) won’t eat!
My [28M] SO [27F] has phases in our our relationship where she massively overspends. I finally confronted her and she blew up at me.
Co-Worker of mine (22F) is in a verbally abusive relationship and i’m talking to her to make sure she’s happy (18M)
Boyfriend in polyamorous relationship refuses to let me marry my girlfriend
School is in, love is out
Am I crazy (35f) or is he Abusive (35m) what is wrong with this guy?
I [26F] can't tell if this guy [25M] is still into me or not
Co-Worker of mine (22F) is in a verbally abusive relationship and i’m talking to her to make sure she’s happy (18M)
I want out of my long distance long term relationship - but I feel bad.
School is in, love is out
Co-Worker of mine (22F) is in a verbally abusive relationship and i’m talking to her to make sure she’s happy (18M)
My bf (28M) won’t eat.
My [28M] SO [27F] has phases in our our relationship where she massively overspends. I finally confronted her and she blew up at me.
My BF won’t eat
For females (~25F), is dating someone (~35M) 10 years older/or significantly older guys okay?
For females (~25F), is dating someone (~35M) 10 years older/or significantly older guys is okay?
I [20m] have been speaking with old middle/high school friend [21f] for a few months platonically while she was in a relationship. She has been single for 2 weeks. Would it be immoral for me to pursue her?
My (30F) partner (30M) used to wake me up during the night and accuse me of masturbating. It became a real sore point in our relationship, and now I only masturbate in secret.
My girlfriend [20F] of 8 months wants to take a break from a relationship with me [25]
Am I(F28) overreacting to my husband(M25) making abortion "jokes" about our new baby?
I’m (23F) leaving him (24M).
Carnegie Mellon Relationships Lab: Coronavirus Study
I’m (23F) leaving him (24M).
TL;DR I want out of my LDR but I feel bad.
(26, F) and (28,M) - Am I wrong to feel uncomfortable knowing my bf is on certain /gonewild subs?
Afraid to leave
Am I reasonable to ask my boyfriend to stay off certain reddit gonewild subs?
I want out of my relationship but I feel bad?
I (21F) want to travel for 6 months but my boyfriend (22M) doesn't want me to go. What can I do?
First Post Ever on Reddit
Bf (28m) is verbally abusive towards me (30f).
I (32M) accidentally befriended a child (13M) online. How do I move forward?
Am I overreacting to my husband making constant abortion "jokes" about our new baby?
I (32M) accidentally befriended a child (13M) online. How do I move forward?
Why would a single guy date a single mom?
I’m feeling confused about whether my partner (40m) is good for me (30f)
Relationship with deaf and mute girl
ADVICE
[UPDATE] my online friend [14F] plans on running away with a guy [18M] to canada
My boyfriend hasn’t talked to me in six weeks.
Dating a single mom
Strict Parents against Cohabitation
Should I(17m) dump what could possibly be the love of my life (16f) ?
I’ve been feeling stuck in an abusive relationship for 4 years and out of no where, the word for word description of my dream man is suddenly interested in me. How do I take advantage of this opportunity and leave my current situation?
[UPDATE] my online friend [14F] plans on running away with a guy [18M] to canada
Advice ....
Relationship with deaf and mute
Has anyone ever gotten back together with someone who was abusive in the past, and found out they had actually changed for the better?
Should I(17m) dump what could possibly be the love of my life (16f) ?
I 28f am nearly at a breaking point with my bf 30m
What to do when sexual attraction fades?
My boyfriend hasn’t talked to me in six weeks.
What to do when sexual attraction fades?
An update on me and Mauve, I could use advice on how to talk to her about not wanting to be friends if she treats me this way again
CMA: I broke up a burgeoning relationship to win a debate tournament.
What to do when sexual attraction fades?
An update on me and Mauve, I could use advice on how to talk to her about not wanting to be friends if she treats me this way again
Relationships with deaf and mute girl
Me [32 M] and my ex [26 F] of 7 years, broke up about 2 months ago.
Keeping in Touch with Former Loves
Is this a big deal?If yes, then how should i show my feelings?
Me (20M) and gf (20F) Break up over chicken stock, and I get kicked out during lockdown
Keeping in Touch with Former Loves
I (23m) don’t know how to approach a situation with someone I used to talk to (23).
Is this normal?
How hard it is for single mom to have a real relationship ?
i (20f) am having a hard time getting over someone who i considered my best friend, but he was in love with me
How hard it is, for single mom to have a real relationship ?
How do you talk about a deceased grandparent who wasn’t great but not entirely awful to their granddaughter?
I (24F) think I overheard my boyfriend (27M) talk about breaking up with me
I (23m) don’t know how to approach a situation with someone I used to talk to (23).
I [25F] haven’t met my boyfriend’s [25M] kid after 3 years.
I (23F) don't know how to manage my anger and resentment for my (60s F) mom or what to do with us
Gf (F22) is on period, I’m M24, she’s acting weird
My(21m) lack of "texting skill" is ruining all my relationships.
can a girl pm me I need help with a situation but don’t want to publicize it
My (27m) GF's (27f) ex (54m) is threatening to hurt her over a gift he wants back. What do I do?
I don't know what to do or if its even worth moving forward
GF (22) is on period, weird actions (I’m 23)
My (27m) GF's (27) ex (52m) is threatening to hurt her over a gift she won't give back. How do i deal with this?
Gf is on period
My childhood friendship of 40 years has become toxic. What should I do next?
Older brother M30s molested me F20 when I was a child. What can I do now?
My GF (27F) I (27M) have been dating for 6 months. We dated for two months back in grade 9 but I broke it off because I liked her friend at the time. I never told her why until today. She did not like hearing this. What should I do now?
bonds/connections
Was I wrong to break up with an ex gf who was only talking about her personal issues?
My (31M) SO's (28F) dog is creating a rift.
Was I wrong to break up with my ex gf who was only talking about her personal issues?
My (31M) SO's (28F) dog is creating a rift.
SO's dog is creating a rift
In love with a little person. How do I tell her?
bonds/connections
AITA for feeling offended about not receiving a heads up about meeting up?
Men, would a girl having borderline personality disorder be a dealbreaker for a relationship even if she was trying her best to manage it?
Lonely during quarantine. A weird, nerdy, single Christian [21F]
My (20f) boyfriend (22m) thinks I’m flirting with another girl and idk what to do.
Advice on getting over preoccupied/anxious attachment [24M]
Husband doesn't want to give gifts or plan romantic moments. Should I encourage him another way or stop feeling envy over others and get over it?
In love with a Little person.
Is he worth it
How to tell a friend I'm hurt by his actions??
My anxiety won’t let me tell my parents about my boyfriend, who I’ve been dating for over a year now
I (M17) smoked weed against my gf's (F17) wishes.
Am I heartless?
How do I move on?
My wife (21F) threatened to leave me (21F) because I smoke weed. Am I wrong to think she's being unfair?
I'm very sad that I'm not in love with my boyfriend anymore
Never been in a relationship (F 18)
Friend and her husband want a “third”
Have to have a convo w/ my bf about his personal hygiene and cleanliness. Can’t see him in person right now and I don’t know if I should wait to talk to him in person or just talk to him over text.
Would you break up with your boyfriend over one little lie?
Bf habits make me like him less
Was this just a really bad case of people pleasing or was he (22M) gaslighting me?
Boyfriend's religious parents found out we had sex
ex-boyfriend of 3 years sibling reached out to me today
I (17M) am trapped in a nightmare, I finally after several painful years worked up the courage to cut contact with my awful clingy friend (17F) but my mum (43F) who sees her as a daughter says I have too keep being her friend and I will be be kicked out if I try to ditch her again
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online? [18M]
Husband of 8 years never gives gifts or plans romantic moments.
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online? [18M]
gf (F18) broke initiated breakup 2 days ago, I (M18) reached out hours later and said we should rethink the breakup. Got back together, all seemed fine, but she's gone cold again?
ex-boyfriend of 3 years sibling reached out to me today
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online [18M]
I [24 F] have been stuck on hating myself ever since I gained weight, and I just need advice.
When to ask if he's cheating: In person or online?
Mom refuses to give up bearded dragon
My dad is mad at me for not playing sports anymore.
My(14M) family has been treating me different after my bi polar diagnoses and it's making me feel worse.
I'm [24/M] not happy in my relationship with my GF [25/F] but I'm not sure why.
Ripe that bandaid off
How can I take dating slow?
Mom refuses to give up bearded dragon
gf (F18) broke initiated breakup 2 days ago, I (M18) reached out hours later and said we should rethink the breakup. Got back together, all seemed fine, but she's gone cold again?
Is he wrong or am I? I apologize for a lengthy post I just want a neutral persons opinion.. take the toxicity out of it and just from a normal healthy relationship POV..
I don’t trust my wife anymore and it’s ruining my marriage.
My (30M) ex-wife (29F) of 9 years. She keeps shutting me out, I don't know what to do
Meeting his family after one month
Inexperienced on going slow
Meeting his family after one month?
My [25F] boyfriend’s mother [70F] lives with us. She won’t stop making comments about what I eat and how often I eat despite me not having any issues with my health or weight.
Mother refuses to give up bearded dragon
Every look back at your dating history and just want to throw up?
Girlfriends parents
My dad is mad at me because I'm not playing sports.
My (29/F) boyfriend (29/M) said that he doesn't believe mental health should be discussed within personal relationships.
Is he wrong or am I? I know it's a toxic relationship but I really just want a neutral opinion, I apologize for a lengthy post.. just a lot that goes into explaining.
I don’t trust my wife and it’s ruining our marriage.
I [21F] don't know what to do with my relationship with my bf [24M]
I hate feeling like I’m giving this guy a hard time but I’m also sick of him and his “ex”
I hate feeling like I’m giving this guy a hard time but I’m also sick of him and his “ex”
I [21/M] am getting uneasy with the attention my girlfriend [21/F] gets on social media.
Ex girlfriend (21 F) claims to be pregnant then blocked me (21 M)
I just hurt so bad.
UPDATE: PLEASE HELP! Should I fight for this relationship or put it to bed?
I kissed my best friend/flatmate’s boyfriend. I don’t know how to repair our relationship. Please help!
UPDATE: PLEASE HELP! Should I put this relationship to bed or should I fight for it?
Lemme??
How to not be jealous of someone else
Boyfriend chooses porn over me.
My (26f) boyfriend (28m) is involved with his ex (26f) so she can get a visa
Help!! Anxious boyfriend hates phones
Dealing with a negative partner - is there hope?
How do I (18) improve communication (20) with my boyfriend of 2 months?
I think he's lying
How do I tell my boyfriend I got the job?
How can I tell my boyfriend I got the job?
Something is wrong with my [26M] sister [11F]
friends boyfriend looked at my ass in front of my boyfriend
I mistakenly kissed my best friend’s boyfriend. I don’t know how to repair our relationship. Please help!
Cheating on girlfriend
Thoughts in new relationship (23M)
How can I [18M] get therapy for my autism and social awkwardness so I don’t do anything like this again?
How to deal with a critical partner
Extent to cheating, how far
Bf (28m) is verbally abusive towards me (30f). In your experience, has this progressed into physical abuse?
People in long-term relationships (+5 yrs), how do you really feel?
My (26f) boyfriend (28) is still involved with his ex because she needs a visa
Feeling constantly rejected by girl I'm dating, should I leave?
I (30M) am falling in love with a trauma victim (27F) who needs space. Help.
How do I 21M tell my best friend 23M that I don't want to hangout due to social distancing?
How do I 21M tell my best friend 23M that I don't want to hangout due to social distancing.
Was my (23F) "friend" (29M) being rude to me?
My boyfriend is acting different
Can't get over girlfriend breaking up with me due to it being platonic.
My friends are cheating on their partners resulting in two pregnancies
Husband only finds me attractive when he’s drunk
I [30f] helped my Mom [67f] pay for her new chair. Today she paid me back and told me that it was a gift for graduation.
I am 22 yo and virgin
Help
Is it wrong to be upset for getting financial support from my bf?
I (17F) have very few friends and am on the verge of cutting off the last two (18F). Should I end the friendships?
Boyfriend (m22) is suddenly moving cross country
My (24F) boyfriend (32M) accidentally pushed me into a wall. What should I do?
Can I Reconcile This Marriage?
Am I crazy for not wanting financial support from my bf?
Am I wrong to feel/think this way in regards to money?
Can I reconcile this marriage?
Looking for advice to slowly phase a long time friend out of my life
a question
Is it cheating if you're not officially together?
Is it cheating if you're not officially together?
My GF (25F) and I (27M) Are In a Spat Over Her Pursuing a Doctorate
It came in like a wrecking ball
Why do i feel like i hate the chase but appear that i like it?
Sexually/Romantic Aggression in Husband
Lying about coming to her city..
GIFT IDEAS!! Watches for both him and her! 🔥
My (23f) bf (26m) is spiteful in really odd ways and it’s getting hard to deal with
(F20) Tired of my (19M)boyfriend’s on and off attitudes
How do I (f21) handle hanging out with his (m23) ex (f21?)?
should i (23F) just invite my dads (62M) parents (80sM/F) ?
Is there a nice way for me [32f] to ask my BF [31M] to lose weight?
(F20) Tired of my (19M) boyfriend’s on and off attitudes
Ex girlfriend
Ending a friendship of 4 years over her bf pointing a "clear' gun at me?
I (24F) have feelings for a friend (33M), but I'm not sure when I should say something to him.
ending a friendship of 4 years over her bf pointing a ''clear'' gun at me?
I (22F) lost my chance with him (24M)
My boyfriend (21M) has a 'sex group chat' with his friends and I (24F) don't want to be included
There’s a stupid reason I [25F] started disliking my BF [25M] for
The guy (21M) that I (20F) have been seeing ended things over text and now I don't know how to get closure.
Is my [30F] behavior toxic or were my ex’s [30M] criticisms out of line?
My (29/F) boyfriend (29/M) of five months has made quite a few racially insensitive remarks toward POC and then tries to pass them off as jokes even at this age.
41(M)...My View on Relationships During this Quarantine and Beyond. Lessons I Have Learned.
My boyfriend (21M) has a 'sex group chat' and I (24F) don't want to be included
Am I (20 m) A controlling boyfriend?
Age gap
Unlucky in love, sending the wrong vibes, or is something wrong w me..?
6 year diffrance
My (15F) mom (62F) is extremely strict. I honestly don’t know what to do anymore. Advice needed.
Husband said my friends are prettier than me
6 year age diffrance
My [30f] bf [36m] and I might be breaking up and I want to die
Is it worth it to stay friends with this guy?
My [30f] boyfriend [36m] and I might be breaking up and I want to die
My close Brother(22) decided to take my close friend(18f) for fun.
My little insane Brother.
My girlfriend pimps me out to men.
My girlfriend pimps me out to men.
I’m trying
How do I help my girlfriend?
Need insights on unequal friendships
An Ex That Keeps Popping Up!
Does anyone have insights on unequal platonic relationships?
How do I get over hurtful things said to me during a breakup?
My (21M) ex-gf (23F) is giving a chance but I have doubts.
Vaginismus. And a general lack of intimacy leaving me feeling undesirable.
Am I (20F) in the wrong for going behind my boyfriends (23M) back to get the air fixed?
How is everyone splitting chores when one partner works and the other doesn't?
Advice on getting over bad things said during a break up
How do I help my girlfriend?
I feel that my Boyfriend (24 M) neglects me (23 F depressed)
How to tell BF I’m uncomfortable about his questions regarding my inheritance
M (23) Dating F (24) with depression and anxiety
I (22f) want to sleep with my professor (28m) if he ends up not teaching at my university next semester but I’m scared to make a move.
I (22f) want to make a move on my professor (28m) IF he doesn’t end up teaching at my university in the fall.
My (LDR) wife likes following rules too much - haven't met in 2 months
I (18M) think my girlfriend (16F) is cheating on me (again)
How come I can’t get this girl out of my head even after 15 years?
How come I can’t get this girl out of my head even after 15 years?
Me [23F] with my mom [55F], I think we're fighting over a cross-stitch
My girlfriend is in icu and I feel helpless
Bf (24M) started neglecting me (25F) because of new friends. How to talk it out ?
Is it wrong to flirt (F30) with a guy (M26) who is very close with a girl (F30) and you know the two of them like each other but not yet official?
A woman has developed an absurd obsession for me [35M] purely over correspondence. How do I tell her to leave me alone while hurting her the least possible?
Bf (24M) started neglecting me (25F) because of new friends
Why cheat when you can be single?
Are my ex (30F) and I (26M) making a mistake in how we're handling this?
Supernatural Honey [F27] & My-Spartan-self [M26] : We LOVE & We FIGHT
How should I (25F) handle my bf (24M) new friendships ?
A woman has developed an absurd obsession for me [35M] purely over correspondence. How do I tell her to leave me alone while hurting her the least possible?
How not to sound needy?
I’m being controlled
Is it wrong to flirt (F30) with a guy (M26) who very close with a girl (F30) and you know that the two of them like each other but not yet official?
How do I stop hoping he will come back?
Me [17M] made comment on my girlfriend [6 months into relationship] [16F] body that she did not like and I don’t know how to make her feel better
How do I stop hoping he’ll come back?
Goodbye, kisses
Am I (20F) in the wrong for going behind my boyfriends (23M) back to get the air fixed?
I (24M) think my cousin (18M) is in danger of throwing his potential away. Should I talk to him or let him make his own choices?
Im HIV+ and my fiance wants to stop using condoms.
Very creepy/cringy man, what to do!
homophobic friend vs gay teen
Any happy endings without the ex?
homophobic friend vs gay teen
Husband (23M) has been paying for girls only fans.
I told her I like her but she said she needs more time and does not feel the same right now.
How to deal with the pressure
Telling about my sexual anxiety to the father of my ex
Should I [17M] DM her [17F] or not?
Telling my sexual anxiety to the father of my ex
25 F Canada
Should I [17M] DM her [17F] or not?
Is kissing an ex "too soon" a thing ? (I'm 27M she 25F)
Should I DM her or not?
Im HIV+ and my fiance wants me to stop using condoms.
Post breakup being exxagerated by isolation of covid. Sexually frustrated, socially starved, completely alone. Any advice?
Is kissing an ex "too soon" is a thing ? (27M)
My husband (23M) of 2 years has been paying for girl’s onlyfans
Am I being over emotional or my partner is losing interest in me?
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) seems like he doesn’t want to spend time with me anymore.
I'm[18F] in a friends with benefits relationship with my ex[18M] but we both still have feelings for eachother
Talking about sexual anxiety to the father of my ex girlfriend.
I told her I like her but she said she needs time and right now does not feel the same.
Am I(29M) being manipulated or am I just paranoid?
Is this rude?
Please read, a complicated reddit and family problem
Would you be jealous or insecure if your partner/spouse says you’re not as attractive as previous partners?
I [28F] have been told I'm too "picky" with friends and dates
Pregnant Ex-Girlfriend - I (ex bf) don't want a child, she's keeping but says I don't have to be involved.
Girlfriend wont let me game
Insensitive Roommate? (Thanks covid)
My husband is paying for girl’s onlyfans, even the girls I know.
Am I (23f) being to harsh on my sister's (17f) relationship?
Goodbye, kisses
I am attracted to my fiancé’s best friend.
How do you know if a relationship is worth saving or not?
My mom thinks I slept with my friends dad
I am attracted to my fiancé’s best friend.
Am I (23f) being too harsh on my sister's (17f) relationship?
My (19M) gf (17F) was traumatized by a pedophile when she was a kid and i’m trying to help
How do I [21F] get my boyfriend [22M] back?
I (40f) keep "forgetting" all the crappy things he does (41m) and it's like we just agree to carry on....how do I stop this cycle?
I 21F asked my 28M boyfriend to surprise me more, is this unreasonable?
Is this consider cheating? Should I leave my husband?
I'm [21m] really tired of the sexism in my workplace. Don't know what to do.
Fiancée ignoring our wedding agreements
Pregnant Ex-Girlfriend - I (ex bf) don't want a child, she's keeping but says I don't have to be involved.
How to talk out to a abusive person who refuses to listen...
I (M22) want my ex-girlfriend (F22) back, but how should I make a move?
My (29 F) heart breaks that my ex(29 M) is not doing so well and I don't know how to stop Internalizing the guilt.
My (29 F) heart breaks that my ex(29 M) is not doing so well and I don't know how to stop Internalizing the guilt.
How to talk out to a abusive person who refuses to listen...
My (F23) boyfriend (M26) asked me to dress up then left for a run.
What should I do?
My (29 F) heart breaks that my ex(29 M) is not doing so well and I don't know how to stop Internalizing the guilt.
I (20M) don't know what I did wrong
How to talk out to a abusive person who refuses to listen...
My (F23) boyfriend (M26) left for a run after asking me to dress in a role play costume.
How to talk out to a abusive friend who refuses to listen...
My boyfriend left for a run after asking me to dress up in a role play outfit.
were both kids and live on opposite sides of the world but.. how can i help my friend? (REPOST)
My online friend (21f) is draining me (20f) emotionally (TW)
Wife give dangerous materials to our baby.
Why do guys love skinny woman so much???
I 21F asked my 28M boyfriend to suprise me more, is this unreasonable?
How Important is Sex?
Losing love after losing weight
Social media friend with your spouse or naw?
I (21m) don't want anything to do with my grandmother (70's?f)
Men of Reddit I need your honest and brutal opinions. Do you always compliment a girl if you like her back?
How Important is Sex?
My online friend (21f) is draining me (20f) emotionally (TW)
Fiance Messaged old BF and hid it from me
I 21F asked my 28M boyfriend to suprise me more, is this unreasonable?
Can’t get over the porn and obscene group chats I found in new [26M] boyfriend’s phone
[Academic] Interpersonal relationships in the workplace (full time or part-time workers 18+)
Has my [33M] flatmate and good friend [33M] acted badly, or am I massively over reacting?
A Question about the Importance of Sex in a Relationship
I (28m) just realized my house is 95+ because my roommate (30f) has been blasting the oven for an hour during a heat wave.
Parents are controlling me (20F)
Is this a strange Snapchat to receive from girlfriend 24F?
Buy Adderall, Buy Ritaline, Vyvanse Online , Buy Suboxone Online, Buy Actavis prometh with codein cough syrup. Whatsapp: +1 619 752 4164
I [28F] have been told I'm too "picky" with friends and dates
Found obscene images in boyfriend’s phone- can’t seem to feel secure or trusting afterwards
We cannot agree on which town we are going to move to and it is destroying our relationship. How can we resolve this? F(23) and M(31)
I’m trying to reconnect with someone but their life is messy and I think they’re being abused. What do I do?
Close
Idk what to do
My (26M) girlfriend (23F) called me boring and a coward for refusing to have sex in public places
Has my [33M] flatmate and good friend [33M] acted badly, or am I massively over reacting?
My (26M) girlfriend (23F) called me boring and a coward for refusing to have sex in public places
What should I do?
I (28m) just realized that my house is 90+ degrees because my roommate (30f) has been blasting the oven for an hour during a heat wave.
Parents are controlling me (20F)
I’m scared to say I want a divorce
How can I [25M] deal with feeling down because I still have to wait until fall so I can find a cute tiny, boyish, Chinese girlfriend?
How to politely end a friendship when you're the toxic one?
I have realized I will never trust my boyfriend. I have had a lifetime of increasingly severe trust issues. I don't know how to, or if I should, end my otherwise loving relationship.
I don't know want type of relationship she (f23) wants with me(m22)?
My [26m] overbearing parents are really upsetting me
30m who is in poor health guilt tripping me 22f and not speaking to me after a short fling I feel bad
My partner has started to scare me and I need to end my relationship but I don’t know how.
My girlfriend is in icu and I feel helpless
My girlfriend has been very sick and I don't know how to help her
Husband said my friends are prettier than me
Can't trust bf (30m) anymore - end things or not?
I (22F) want to break up with my boyfriend (21 M), but I'm scared of being all alone during corona?
Why am I (19, f) more upset over my ex (19, M) and I breaking up than the death of my mother?
30m I was seeing who is dying is guilt tripping me 22f
Why did my on and off again boyfriend come back to me if he has been thinking badly of me for many years? Why did he keep coming back to me? What's going on here? Am I overreacting?
If your significant other throws things at you out of anger, is one time too many?
How do I[23M] MOVE ON from my cheating ex[20F]?
My mom is trying to get back together with a man who is no good and it’s making me resent her
To Hookup or not to Hookup?
I (M21) met a girl (F20) on a dating app and now she believes that I misled her.
Your significant other throws things at you out of anger; is one time too many?
when the spade work pays off.
I’m the girl every boy wants to fuck, but I’m also the girl no boy wants to date
To Hookup or Not To Hookup?
I (M21) met a girl (F20) on a dating app and she now thinks I misled her.
(22m) Is paying my ex (23f) back $100 she gave me the right thing to do?
Is paying my ex back $100 the right thing to do?
I(20M) am having trouble reconnecting with my friend(19F)
How do I [29F] open up to the one that got away [29M]?
How can I (24F) stop feeling guilty (24M) whenever I spend time with friends instead of him?
My mom is messing with a no good man who she knows I don’t like and it’s making me resent her.
I(20M) am having trouble reconnecting with my friend(19F)
The girl, the distance and the question. Does she see me as more than a friend?
Is this considered cheating?
Am I cheating?
Person (F20) I met online thinks I (M21) wronged her
How do I (24F) stop feeling guilty for not always wanting to see my boyfriend (24M)?
How do I (24F) stop feeling guilty for not wanting to spend all my time with my bf (24M)?
My (25F) boyfriend's female friends are very friendly.
I (M21) met this girl (F20) on a dating site and now she thinks that I have wronged her after telling her that I don't want a relationship at this stage in life.
My (25) boyfriends (25) female friends are very friendly.
Talking to a girl(F20) from a dating app who thinks I(M21) wronged her
Need some ideas to spice up the sex life!
Mother (50s) thinks I don't respect her enough, while I (F20) simply can't forgive her
How do I[23M] get justice towards my cheating ex girlfriend[20F] for the emotional pain?
Talking to a girl from a dating app
How do I[23M] get justice towards my cheating ex girlfriend[20F] for the emotional pain?
Mother (50s) thinks I don't respect her enough, while I (F20) simply can't forgive her
Tips for me [25M] pursuing younger girls [over the aoc]?
My (23F) parents (53M, 45F) are abusive, I am devastated but still feel ungrateful.
Can't trust bf (30m) anymore - end things or not?
How can I (21) help my girlfriend (18) open up about her issues while she 'finds herself'?
Lonely 😔
people who have been in on again off again relationships....
How do I (m 25) get the girl I like (f 21) to be more interested in me?
I see NM in my future, partner is unsure.
How do I (m 25) get the girl I like (f 21) to be more interested in me?
Lonely 😔
How do I get the girl I like to be more interested in me?
Girlfriend keeps getting jealous over social media
Where to Draw a Line Between Supportive and Controlling?
I’m not attracted to my partner at all anymore and almost feel repulsed by him at times. I feel guilty and am not sure what to do
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] is more of an extrovert than me and wants to see me more often than I see him. Not sure what the best way to navigate through this is
GF doesn’t respond to my texts or responds with one word answers.
GF doesn’t respond to my texts or responds with one word answers.
Happiness
How to address commitment issues/relationship anxiety when already in a relationship
dad had a go at me (M35) for being girlfriendless...
I (26M) found out that my fiancee (28f) is watching video of her ex
How do I (F24) keep the door open (M27)?
How do I (F24) keep the door open (M27)?
I [27 M] asked gf [24F] (7 months duration) if we can chat less per day. Things were misunderstood. can you guys help please ?
I (28M) have found my (24F) talking with a past abuser.
my dad had a go at me (M35) for being girlfriendless..
Friend and his father are very cunning and toxic. How to deal with their behaviour?
I (28M) have recently found my girlfriend (24f) talking to an abuser from her past
My girlfriend [31F] cheated on me [28M] a year ago, and I still think about it every day
Staying in contact with your exe’s kids after a breakup?
Guy (30M) I'm (24F) seeing seems to openly talk about other women in a way that I don't particularly like. Advice?
How can I improve my(22f)intimacy with my boyfriend(32m)?
Is it possible to let go of someone but still hold love for them?
My [25m] girlfriend [26f] is still close friends with her now gay ex. This still disturbs me.
Im lowkey jealous ?
My [25M] girlfriend [26F] is still in the same circle of friends with her ex, but her ex is gay now. I'm still disturbed by it.
I [20F] am emotionally dependent on my bf [21M] and have anxiety from our relationship.
Should I talk to someone
I (F30s) am finding myself getting increasingly frustrated over the fact my husband (m30s) won't stick with exercising and I feel caught between being feeling like an asshole and being justified in my annoyance.
I [20F] am emotionally dependent on my bf [21M] and am unsure how to deal with breaking up
Boyfriend (26M) forgot about my (24F) important appointment
My (45F) mother had an emotional affair, and might be getting catfished. I (18F) don’t know what to do.
My partner (M28) is moving out, a decision we both agreed on, but I (F28) am now pregnant and feeling a little abandoned.
Neighbor's father is a very cunning person, how do I deal with him?
Long-distance bf (26M) sounds like he's going to break up with me (23F)
I'm unhappy with how my (24 F) boyfriend (26M) treats me, but he won't listen to me for long enough for me to get my point across.
Does my (27M) girlfriend (28F) get jealous too easily or am I actually wrong?
Boyfriend refuses to break up and I can’t ask him to leave
I miss having a gf.Someone I could tell my problems and feelings.Someone who gets it and doesnt judge you.I need a hug rn
Boyfriend refuses to leave in the middle of the pandemic
I (25 M) am struggling with the upcoming marriage of my (25 F) fiancé
[17M] and [16f JW] Help, Complicated situation.
I [F25] don't want to stop wearing a necklace I got from my ex. SO [M26] keeps asking me to take it off
I know I should leave, but I can’t make myself
[17M] Dating [16F JW] Complicated situation, Need Advice
Said he only likes the idea of me??
17m dating a JW, 10 months so far, I need some serious advice.
I (24F) can’t tell if my relationship with my bf (26M) is over, if I am in love with my best friend (24M), or if I am making it all up in my head.
I (25 M) am struggling with the upcoming marriage of my (25 F) fiancé
I (29F) already have doubts about whether or not my relationship with (29M) is going to survive after we move.
I (23M) need some serious advice with (35F) GF of 1yr
(F/19) My bf (M/19) disregards my feelings and anything that bothers me. How can I fix things?
Where to Draw a Line Between Supportive and Controlling?
My bf disregards my feelings and anything that bothers me
My boyfriend (M 27) and I (M 26) have to choose which of us will live with our mutual best friends
What to do...
Relationship Matters: Personality and Relationship Behaviour
My (23f) boyfriend (27m) did something he said he wouldn’t?
My[M19] girlfriend [F19] just keeps getting jealous.
Would you date someone who has different stance on abortion?
My boyfriend won’t buy me flowers
How do you repair a bridge you burned?
I am an incredibly heavy sleeper and my girlfriend is getting annoyed when I do not wake up to help her at night
How do you rebuild a bridge you burned?
My girlfriend (24f) is getting mad at me because I (25m) am unable to wake up at night
How do I (27f) get my dad to stop commenting on my body.
Had to repost cuz no tldr
Should I stay with my (21M) girlfriend (20F) for cheating early in the relationship?
I (M20) miss my ex (F24) of 4 years. We broke up four days ago and I want to just call her and just fight for what we had, should I just let it go?
Help in processing death of someone (I think) I loved?
My [F23] coworkers continuously imply that I’m am less intelligent than them, and their jokes and general attitude regarding my intelligence is affecting my working relationships.
(26F) My boyfriend didn’t let his exes pay for a single thing but I’ve paid for most things in our rs. My petty ass is feeling upset.
My [F23] coworkers continuously imply that I’m am less intelligent than them, and their jokes and general attitude regarding my intelligence is affecting my working relationships.
How do I (30f) help my husband (35m) do anything?
Are drinking habits important in LTR?
Glo up after a breakup
Glo up after a breakup
My girlfriend(21/F) has hurted my(m/21) feelings and I dont know how to act on it.
I (23F) confided in a pair of my friends (23 F, 26 M) about problems with my boyfriend (24 M). They kicked him out of their wedding party as a result and won't speak to him. Everything is really awkward now. Help!
Glo up after a breakup.
Struggling with a breakup....
Should I pursue this relationship?
My girlfriend(20F) fell out of love with me (20M)
My (24F) husband (24M) doesn't do the dishes and it makes me unreasonably angry
My ex F(18) and I M(18) are hanging out after she just broke up with me.
uncomfortable with roommate(25f) bringing home guests to stay overnight
Why do I (f18) always seem to attract older men?
Girlfriend(F/21) has hurted my(m/25) feelings and I dont know how to act on it
I (30F) don’t know if I’m insane buying a house and moving my (28F) partner I’m after lockdown
wow
I had a strong attraction coming across an ex, and I can’t understand these feelings.
How do I (30f) motivate my husband (35m) to do anything?
How to stop letting other people determine my self-worth?
My Family is Strictly Agains My(20) Girlfriend(19)
How to stop letting other people determine my self-worth?
I blocked my ex, after he ghosted me .. twice. Am I doing the right thing?
What should I (19M) do about my girlfriend (23F) that is mad at me for quitting a job that I hate and has caused me emotional stress?
Is something seriously wrong with me if I enjoyed an experience where I was technically raped? (20M, 20F) Do I have an obligation to report it?
I don’t know if I’m capable of loving anyone
I blocked my ex, after he ghosted me .. twice. Am I doing the right thing?
My(20 F) family is a mess and I am at lost
UPDATE: Am I [25M] crazy for being suspicious of my gf's [23F] feelings towards a co-worker [40sM]?
I don’t think I’ve ever had a friend
I'm (F/24) not sure how to process a comment my BF (M/26) made about my body
My (35M) boyfriend is not being gentile enough during sex even though I (24F) make it a point to ask him to
Boyfriend (23M) deleted my (22M) pictures cause of a fight
I'm (F/24) not sure how to process a comment my BF (M/26) made about my body
Unsure of feeling towards recent ex(m25) after i(f25) discovered virtual cheating?
Should my boyfriend (19) and I (18) split up before I go to college?
My(25M) boyfriend doesn't listen when I (24F) ask him to be more gentile during sex.
Should my boyfriend and I split before college?
Do I cut my husband off?
Dealing with someone who is dismissive avoidant
Do I cut my husband off?
What to do...
My boyfriend won’t have sex with me- HELP
How do I [25f] handle partners [25m] acceptance of verbal abuse from parents
My boyfriend won’t have sex with me- HELP
I (20F) feel pity towards my dad (58M) who is an abusive alcoholic.
My family (specifically my mom) doubts me on everything I try to do.
I (20F) feel pity towards my dad (58M) who is an abusive alcoholic. Non-Romantic
It feels like my (19F) mom (40f) doubts & holds me back on everything I try do
My (18F) is making me confused
New Neighbor Shakes the Place, need advice! 24 F
My (21m) GF's (22f) cat just died and instead of coming to me for support or help she chooses to distance herself from me and it feels incredibly bad what should I do?
Neighbor shakes the place! Help me 24F.
Neighbor Problems! Help me (24F)!
I (22M) don't know what she (22F) thinks about me.
We’re both kids and live on opposite sides of the world but,, i want to help my friend
I (22M) don't know what she (22F) truly thinks about me.
What are some reasons I should NOT confront my ex?
Caught Husband With Ex
My [M20] Parents [F35] [M40] cut off my counselling, and are possibly threatening me, if I ask for help to any colleges
How can I (21F) tell my boyfriend (20M) about my health problem?
I (20F) feel pity towards my dad (58M) who is an abusive alcoholic.
Please help me
My Family isn’t supporting me with my girlfriend.
Meet a guy who is in an open relationship, im interested but how do I confirm he is telling me the truth
She told me wasnt into me anymore
I (m17) cant figure out how to converse and as a result cant foster relationships anymore, what do I do?
Caring is it necessary to get a like
Does it get better? Long distance relationship ended after 2 and half years. M28
Is caring necessary to get a like in return
Am I being trolled?
How do I (21F) cut off a friend the right way?
Am I (20 M) a controlling BF to my GF (20 F ) ?
Boyfriend of 5 years has doubts over long term future, but our current relationship is amazing.
(F24) and (M23) - Problems over boyfriend's female co-worker. I don't know what to do!
Is age an issue ?
My (22F) boyfriend (24F) cheated on me early in our relationship
Is age an issue ?
My (22f) boyfriend (22m) won’t meet me because I’m a nurse
Is age really an issue?
My (22F) boyfriend (22m) won’t meet me after >2months of not seeing each other because I’m a nurse
Am I (20M) A controlling Boyfriend to my (20F) Girlfriend ?
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) cheated on me early in our relationship
I (M38) just started dating again and people think I haven't been single for long enough
Please help me out. The situation I am in is a mess and I am unable to figure out right from wrong
Ex fiancée(f26) broke up with me(m27) because she caught me watching porn
My ex fiancée broke up with me because she caught me watching porn
I highly dislike my mom(45F) and I think she's toxic and acts absurdly at times
I (F 26) need to move out. My father( M 76)will probably follow me and try and make me come home.
I'm (M38) just out of a relationship, why is it so hard to understand that I'm already over it?
I highly dislike my mom
Have you ever had commitment issues? did you overcome them?
I Created a Tool for my LDR and to Help People Like Me [M/31]
I(f25) am planning on moving out from my parents house, I don't have skills or much work experience. I live with my dad(m75) and mother (f62). I'm sure he will follow me or try and get me to bring me home by force.
I Created a Tool for my LDR and to Help People Like Me [M/31]
Am I overreacting about having a house guest that may or may not be actually staying with us?
What does it mean when someone researches you?
Is it normal to highly dislike your mom?
I (20F) am starting to feel like my relationship with my boyfriend (20M) has become toxic and that he doesn’t respect me, especially in the bedroom. Should I end things?
ENFP married to ISTJ. Trouble anyone?
Have you overcome commitment issues? If so, please help me understand.
Did I screw up this relationship at an irreparable level?
People who have had partners with commitment issues, or been the one with commitment issues, advice please
I (19 F) struggle to get along with my boyfriend’s (19 M) mom and it’s making me more anxious
I (32M) tried fixing things with my crush (30F) and create a friendly atmosphere between us, and I think I just made it worse
(UPDATE) Still Bothered By Something Boyfriend Said Years Ago, Need Perspective
I Created a Tool for my LDR and to Help People Like Me [M/31]
What to do when both in a relationship are so busy!
Am I stupid?
Am I in the wrong here? And is this message to her good?
Am I just being insecure?
I'm (m19) supposed to move in September with my gf (f19) for university and I am considering asking about taking it to the next stage, thoughts on this?
My (21f) long distance boyfriend (22m) of a year and a half has difficulty opening up about his feelings and has gone no contact
I'm (m19) supposed to move in September with my gf (f19) and I am considering asking to take it to the next stage maybe this time next year, thoughts on this?
Just got out of a 2 year unhappy relationship but I just met this guy and I kinda like him
I avoid my family while visiting them because I am ashamed of my weight gain (particularly with my sister)
Am I just being insecure?
My (f28) mother (f68) is working herself to death
I finally met my Covid-19 'boyfriend' (26M) and he is NOT what I (23F) expected
I just got out of a 2 year relationship but I really like this guy
I’m scared of drifting apart from my best friend
I’m scared of drifting apart from my best friend
21(F) worried about future relationship with 22(M) boyfriend when I move away for uni
i (nb26) want to cut off my family even though my grandfather just died
I am (M19) bothered by my new girlfriend's (F19) past, and i don't exactly know why.
What should we do to wisely go through this busy period for both? [F/19,M/18]
Was this a good idea?
Me (M19) bothered by my girlfriend's (F19) past, and i don't exactly know why.
I (24F) have been in a relationship with a guy (23M) for 7 months. He has convinced me he is not into porn but tonight I caught him.
I am (M19) bothered by my girlfriend's (F19) past, and i don't exactly know why.
I'm struggling to share my opinions with my boyfriend without feeling like they're invalid
I am bothered by my girlfriend's past, and i don't exactly know why.
How to motivate my SO? She becomes so pessimistic at times :(
I (24f) have been in a relationship with a guy (23m) for awhile. He has convinced me he does not watch porn but I caught him tonight.
Need Advice on what to do
I’ve (24f) been in a relationship for a while with a guy (23m). He has convinced me he does not watch porn but I caught him tonight.
My boyfriend (m21) told me that my (f18) smoking is a deal breaker.
Husband (40M) left me (35F) but insists we play it cool in fron of the family and keep living together for our children's sake - Also I don't know how to tell my mom
NSFW Advice on helping my boyfriend become more dominant
I’m [27F] becoming less attracted to my new boyfriend [29M] due to our height difference. Am I being too shallow?
Pretty sure we were drugged
I (f16) don't know how to feel about how my father (m 70) uses his wealth around the family
Things have been tough between my (18M) mom (43F) and I recently.
Not understanding girl’s signals
My boyfriend and my best friend has been chatting constantly for 2 days.
My boyfriend is now talking to my best friend
I [F20] just got out of a three relationship with my boyfriend [M22] and I feel guilty
I (M21) met a girl (F22) on Tinder, after we slept together her boyfriend called.
My friend [14F] is running away with another guy [18M]
Fiance waits for me to fall asleep so he can masturbate
I (17F) am confused whether to un-friend my close friends (18Fs) over a seemingly trivial issue. ..
Boyfriend (25M) moved away for a job a month ago and now he’s too busy to talk to me (23F) most of the time.
Fiance is masturbating while I'm asleep...
Boyfriend has a trading addiction
probably cringe post about my [22F] ex [20M] but i wanted to vent and im curious if anyone feels the same way, or if anyone has advice for me if what i feel is irrational and will hurt me later
I [F20] just got out of a three year relationship with my boyfriend [M22] and I need help
Am I (25 M) breaking up with my GF (22 F) for unfair reasons?
I told my mum my boyfriend raped me
probably cringe post about my [22F] ex [20M] but i wanted to vent and im curious if anyone feels the same way, or if anyone has advice for me if what i feel is irrational and will hurt me later
I (17F) am confused whether to un-friend my close friends (18Fs) over a seemingly trivial issue...
Probably cringe post about my ex but i just want to know if theres anyone out there that feels the same way regarding someone they're in love with
I (17M) want to block my friends
Did I do the right thing?
Am I [25M] breaking up with my GF for unfair reasons? [22 F]
Girl(22)Guy(27) Attraction and phone sex
Long distance blunder- whos fault?
Should I block my friends?
Dumper ex wants to be friends despite me being at fault mostly for the breakup
My mom (57 F) is driving me (29 F) crazy
My (F25) Father (60s) does not approve of my boyfriends (M24) career... He passes passive aggressive comments about him not having a "real job" and I can't help but feel he is jealous..
Help me put sense to this long distance blunder
My [23/F] friend has decided to marry her [22/M] boyfriend but I think she's making a mistake
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) keeps lying about his sexual fantasies and would not want me to have the same fantasies or do the same things he does
My [23/F] friend has decided to marry her [22/M] but I think she's making a mistake
I (30m) think I am going to be single for the rest of my life.
Girl(22)Guy(27) attraction and phone sex
My (26M) fiance (25f) needs a hobby.
We’re (35M and 28F) fine when we’re alone, but socialising with anyone causes huge problems
Boyfriend (M 26) speaks about me disrespectfully behind my (F 22) back?
she cheated on me. m(13) f(13)
she cheated on me.
My boyfriend (23M) slapped me (23F) and thinks I’m being dramatic about it now I don’t know how to feel
I (30m) think I am going to be single for the rest of my life.
Attraction and sex
Are people who aren’t happy for me [27M] still my friends?
I [20/f] am pregnant with my ex [20/M]. I have no idea what to do.
My boyfriend (23M) slapped me (23F) and is making me feel like I’m dramatic for being upset and now I don’t know how to feel I really need help
Are people who aren’t happy for me and my new SO still my friends?
My [26F] mom [58F] is very much obsessed with my fiance [27M] after she overheard in a video call that he would date her after seeing her younger pics
Advice on serious boyfriend (28M) seeing my (25F) natural introversion as negative and something I need to "fix".. quarantine is crushing me
Advice on serious boyfriend (28M) seeing my (25F) natural introversion as negative and something I need to "fix".. quarantine is crushing me
Advice on serious boyfriend (28M) seeing my (25F) natural introversion as negative and something I need to "fix".. quarantine is crushing me
My boyfriend (23M) slapped me (23F). Am I being dramatic?
I am stuck.
Was it rude of me (26F) to buy more expensive items for my BF (26)
Should we get back together?
Getting back together?
My (18/f) friend's (19?/m) depression has been negatively affecting me, and I don't know if he's treating me poorly or I'm overreacting.
Ex is offering me money- that I think I have a right to?
What does a toxic relationship look like to you?
My (29M) wife (29F) says she's angry at me because I am angry at her (when I'm not)
26f can't form relationships with others and my attempts have left me feeling lonely
(Update) my (25f) roommate (25f) has her boyfriend (24m) over too much. We’re both single moms. Everything hit the fan once I talked to her and I just need to kick her out now but what about the kids?
Don’t know how to approach this situation
My SNS person giving me the feelss
My SNS person giving me the feelss
I(19M) am having trouble connecting with my girlfriends(24F) friends.
(28 F) Roommate is controlling my (27F) oven access
SNS Person giving me the feeelss.
How did you convince your partner to take you out somewhere more fancy?
Fiance (27M) has become increasingly lazy over the past few months and I(26F) feel increasingly resentful
My family’s reaction when I found out I lost my virginty
SNS person
Should I (27F) spend my Birthday money, or save it?
Mom has no common sense and everything is my friends fault
How can I be there for someone who feels alone?
my [16f] friends [16f] and [19f] have not responded to my messages for a long time
Dating tips during the quarantine or shortly after
Opposite sex friendships
You don’t have to click I just wanted to put this out there
You don’t have to click just wanted to put this out there
How can I be supportive for someone that feels like no one is there for them?
My partner M[34] doesn't take any responsibility for his life and is always a victim. It is stressing me [F33] out but he won't recognise the faults his behaviours have in our relationship.
Is my marriage over? F30 married to M30, three kids and five years later. Husband has video game addiction.
Boyfriend [18M] thinks I [19M] don't love him because he thinks affection = love, and being busy or arguing = a lack of it. What should I do?
My ex (21) reached out to me asking if I (19F) wanted to hang, but I can’t tell if he has ghosted or not.
Is my marriage over? F30 married to M30 for almost five years, three children. Please help.
My bf (23m) and I (23f) are having trouble with our career goals
My (24M) gf (23F) doesn’t seem to want to be around me
Is it okay to question?
Should I tell my boyfriend I was sexually assaulted after he kicked me out one night for being a drunk mess???
Anxiety about a new crush
Cold feet or something worse?
My partners [34M] lack of personal responsibility and tantrums are stressing me [33F] the fuck out!
Cold feet or something worse?
My (24M) gf (23F) doesn’t mind not seeing me
Should I swipe on my (21F) ex (22M)?
Just got broken up with
I (26f) am worried my partner (36m) of 1 year is being emotionally abusive
Bf (26 M) of 3 years wont talk to me (29 F) after I said he has no right to force me to workout, quoting that he wont “care about me from now on”
My[18 M] ex[17 F] and friend’s ex pulled up to my friend and I while we were hanging with our other friends after a month of not talking?
My [34M] friend [30F] is a bitch sometimes...
I'm (25 F) not sure if my relationship with my boyfriend (30 M) of a year is toxic or not
Help! My Family is Falling Apart
I'm [26m] pretty sure I want kids but my GF [25f] absolutely doesn't
What's his deal?
My ex F(18) and I M(18) are hanging out after she just broke up with me.
not satisfied by my (26M) bf
Lingering Resentment
I (M25) want closure about something that may have contributed to my recent breakup with my girlfriend (F26) of 3 years, but I’m not sure if it’ll make anything better
To married/engaged folx: did your getting married/becoming engaged end any of your friendships? How did you deal with it?
Help! My Family is Falling Apart
Lingering Resentment
I [27/F] can't tell if I have attraction issues with my [27/M] boyfriend of 7 months or if I have any other underlying issues.
I (28f) feel torn on a decision about my 9 1/2 year relationship with my partner (27m)
Help me (28f) get over my extremely sensitive nature.
My (25M) ex girlfriend (F25) of 5 years cheated on me, how to get over breakup anxiety
Why am I (28f) so sensitive?
Did my girlfriend send a text meant for someone else to me?
My (F22) boyfriend's(M21) brother(M23) smells really bad
my best friend (19 F) is in an awful relationship
My boyfriend said another girls actions were cute and doesn't understand why it's making me upset
My best friend (19 F) is in an awful relationship
my best friend (19 F) is in an emotionally abusive relationship
My ex (21) reached out to me asking if I (19F) wanted to hang, but I can’t tell if he has ghosted or not.
I figured out the cure to my lonleyness .
My husband (M33) won't talk to me (M31) since having an abortion.
I want to enjoy kissing. Are we doing something wrong?
Fat wife/unhappy husband
My (F20) boyfriend (M22) said he would have sex with my childhood friend (F21)
My [30/M] roommate and good friend [28/M] is accusing me of getting his dog deathly ill
I [17M] JUST GOT REJECTED BY MY BEST FRIEND [17F] AND I COULDN’T BE HAPPIER!
My (F22) boyfriend's(M21) brother(M23) smells really bad
I [17M] JUST GOT REJECTED!
Should I (27F) give another chance to my ex (27M)
I (28F) do not want to attend my grandmother's funeral
How do I enjoy kissing? Am I doing something wrong?
I'm very picky when it comes to girls physical appearance and is limiting me so much that I feel like I'm never going to fall in love again
My husband (M33) won't talk to me (F31) since having an abortion.
My (F20) boyfriend (M22) said he would have sex with my childhood friend (F21)
I (22F) feel like my relationship with my bf (24M) of 4 years is at a crossroads and I don’t know what to do
My 28F husband 29M does not want to go to my bestfriend’s 29F wedding due to COVID19
I want to enjoy kissing; not just the idea of it
To give a 2nd chance or not to
My (27F) boyfriend (29M) never responds when we get into fights
My (20F) parents (55M/55F) hate my boyfriend (23M) and my boyfriend hates my parents. I feel so caught in the middle.
Will my (F22) situationship with a fuckboy (M22) change? Should I end it? Or hold onto hope now that things have changed (college graduate/covid)
Trying to break your bond
toxic relationship - am i in the wrong?
Me [32 M] with my SO [28 F] 5 years, is a narcissist with depressive tendencies who has been taking anti depressants for a while. but we both emigrated to canada, and her mental health situatio with me in the position of " support" has left me financially destitute and her in a better position.
Obese wife/unhappy husband
I (22F) feel like my relationship with my bf (24M) of 4 years is at a crossroads and I don’t know what to do
Will my(F22) situationship with a fuckboy (M22) change? Is it worth staying?
How can i [23F] get closure when I’m not sure why he left
2/3 days of fighting..
2/3 days of fighting...
Situationship help?
Confusing signs!
My [19m] boyfriend [22m] hates that I do *certain* drugs. I think he's being unreasonable. Help me navigate this.
What's the best way for me(27/f) to ask an ex(m/32) about a long distance relationship?
Should I (35M) end something for her (35F) own good?
Someone tell me if I’m in the wrong here...
I [22F] just graduated from college and my dad wants me to get a job right now, during quarantine. I'm immunocompromised and he's mad I haven't gotten certification to be a "coronavirus tracker" and that I haven't been hired yet. What should I do?
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) of 1.5 years has online dating accounts
I just watched a movie called Newness and I'd love to get your opinions about it
He (29M) is going through a lot, and we are becoming distant; is it over or is my mental illness making me(26F) over react?
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) of 1.5 years has online dating accounts
Problematic Living Situation
I(23F) want to give advice to my aunt(37 F) about her morbidly obese child (10F) but feel wrong because I am younger than her
Getting in touch with an ex
My ex (21) reached out to me asking if I (19F) wanted to hang, but I can’t tell if he has ghosted or not.
Still Bothered By Something Boyfriend Said Years Ago, Need Perspective
I don’t like the way I’m treated
Anxious that I will never have a family
I don’t like the way I’m treated by my older sister
Dating while HSV+
I (28F) do not want to go to my grandmother's funeral
Mom won’t remove my ex off of social media
My sister talks down to me a lot, and I’m bothered by it.
Needing advice and help on how to end a long-time friendship? Thanks in advance.
My mom won’t remove my ex off of social media
While I was coming to terms with an illness, I needed time. Now my S/O pulling away and I don't know how to handle it.
My (22/F) sister (25/F) is getting on my last nerve during this quarantine.
Friend (25M) is no longer speaking with me (25F) and I get the sense he's upset with me. How should I tackle a sensitive situation?
Friend (25M) is no longer speaking with me (25F) and I get the sense he's upset with me. How should I tackle a sensitive situation?
Friend is no longer speaking with me and I get the sense he's upset with me. How should I tackle a sensitive situation?
F4M
Is he just not interested ? Read full story
Dealing with losing "the one"
Connecting with my boyfriend
Connecting with my new boyfriend
My (17F) older sister (20F) talks and whines in a baby voice when talking to our father
Connecting with my new boyfriend
Me (20 M) probably suffering from ROCD due to possibility of long-distance relationship with my girlfriend (19 F) of 2.5 years.
Should I (26F) confront my boyfriend (24M) about this or just let it go?
It's all my fault that I let my crush go
Insecure? Trouble in paradise? Realising he fucked up? Bored?
Can cheating be forgiven?
Married Friends going through ugly affair
Jesus Christ, men. What's his deal?!
Married Friends going through ugly affair. How do we handle this?
Does my FWB have feelings for me? I’m confused with my feelings too.
He's married, what's his deal?
boyfriend (25m) and i (22f) are taking a break due to COVID circumstances
My (29M) roommate (51m) verbally ab*ses his fiance (~28F). There's no physical or sexual abuse AFAIK, but I hear him yelling at her to "shut the fuck up" more days than not.
My (29M) roommate (51m) verbally abuses his fiance (~28F). There's no physical or sexual abuse AFAIK, but I hear him yelling at her to "shut the fuck up" more days than not.
[31m] social media and relationships
Very interesting interaction with my gf the other day...
People who are the less affectionate partner in the relationship, how do you deal with receiving affection from your partner?
Can cheating be forgiven?
Social media and relationships
I 20F feel like my ex 25M is a little weird
Girlfriend damaged my car alloy wheel - what would be a reasonable resolution?
Girlfriend damaged my car alloy wheel by accident - what would be a reasonable request?
Can cheating be forgiven?
How can I [16M] help/motivate my girlfriend [15f] complete her school work on time?
I 20F feel like my ex 25M is a little weird
How to get out or not get into the friend zone
Does my FWB of two years have feelings for me?
M25 trying to get dating ideas for F28
I (26F) had my BF’s (32M) baby. Husband (26M) was involved. Bf’s Gf(28F) was not involved.
is my (20F) ex (25M) a creep or am I overeacting?
Can cheating be forgiven?
How can I [23 F] tell my mom she is gaslighting me?
Is my (20F) ex (25M) a creep or am I overreacting?
My (F22) partner (M25) struggles with depression and is prone to going into ruts. How do I help him out of them?
My boyfriend made an onlyfans account
Why I'm always in friend zone or getting hate1
Wtf if my (20F) ex's (25M) problem
Bf lost his shit at me about potential COVID exposure, and 1 day later sounds like he's coming down with a cold. I feel like this is karma for his behavior and feel like he deserves it.
SugarBaby/4/SugarDaddy
I (25F) laughed at my BF’s (23M) fetish how do I make it right?
I (16m) am very afraid that a lot of my friends, even those closest to me, find me very annoying at times. What can I do?
I [23M] am having Trouble Living With Family as it's Messing with my Life
I (M30) have problem getting used to have a younger gf (F23), although we date more than a month. Is the age difference a problem for anyone else?
I am very afraid that a lot of my friends, even those closest to me, find me very annoying at times. What can I do?
Always be in friend zone
My [21F] boyfriend [21M] has never called me beautiful, and I don’t know how to ask him to
I (M30) used to be very judgemental against big age difference between couples but lately i started falling with a younger woman (F23) and started the last month this relationship. Is the age difference a big thing in the end or is it only me that freaks out?
I am very afraid that a lot of my friends, even those closest to me, find me very annoying at times. What can I do?
My grandmother is dying and I think my boyfriend [19M] doesn't care.
My [21F] boyfriend [21M] has never called me beautiful, and I don’t know how to ask him to
I messed up by laughing at my BF
I (M30) used to be really judgemental against big age difference between couples but lately kinda fell for a younger woman (F23) and i catch my self freaking out when in public.
I (34M) have been married to (34F) for 12 years, but often feels alone due to conflicting work schedules that cannot be changed. A good friend (33F) eventually dates (~22MtF) in a game I heavily enjoy. Now I'm heavily being ignored everywhere.
My wife of 14 Years just blindsided me. I seriously didn’t know I was so dependent on her and her affection. She keeps saying she “loves” me but she’s confused as to who she wants to be with. This came out of no where
Is it normal to have doubts in your relationship?
I think my (30F) ex bf (31M) made a fake Instagram account to stalk me
My ex is continuously stalking my life and it is effecting my future.
I think my (31F) ex (30M) made a fake Instagram account to stalk me
I think my (31F) ex (30M) made a fake Instagram account to talk me
One of my (29/F) best and closest friends (29/F) is now dating my emotionally abusive ex (29/M) from five years ago knowing everything that he had put me through.
I’m beginning to dislike my best friend. I need advice.
Advice on being stalked?
I (23M) and my gf (23M) have been together for 1.5 yrs. And for the past few month, we are non stop fighting.
My bf posted "I’ll never be single again even if she leave me" wth does that mean?
I (25M) am moving away from my girlfriend (29F) and the anticipation of a breakup is hurting both of us.
is this an abusive relationship?
How do I gently tell my bf to lower his expectations?
I [23 M] and my gf [23 F] and we've been exclusive for 1.5 yrs and we are having constant fights, like non stop, sometimes to me she seems posesive and toxic, but I am not sure
Dating with a positive HSV (herpes) status
Is it possible?
Sexual harassment, manipulation and friendship in the workplace.
How do I gently lower my bf's expectations after becoming an "official" couple?
My mom[F/46] just tried to fight me[ F/22] in my own home?
My girlfriend (22f) is unmotivated and it is beginning to get on my (34m) nerves
We’re (35M and 28F) fine when we’re alone, but socialising with anyone causes huge problems
My SO is no longer abusive; I feel like I'm scarred
My SO is no longer abusive; I feel like I'm scarred
My mother wants me to take an online class for her.
One Year Anniversary Gifts (20M) (19F)
One Year Anniversary - (20M) (19F)
One Year Anniversary Ideas
Is there a sub for discussing human romance and sexuality in an abstract sense?
My mother wants me to take an online class for her.
I (25M) am moving away from my girlfriend (29F) and the anticipation of a breakup is hurting both of us.
Idk what to do
My Grandfather died recently, and it's really taking a toll on my [17M] younger brother [6M].
Am I getting ghosted?
My Grandfather died recently, and it's really taking a toll on my [17M] younger brother [6M].
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) never wants to leave the bedroom
[22/M] My Head or My Heart?? A Quarantine Love Dilemma
Reoccurring disagreement with best friend (23m) and I (22f)- not showing enough interest in common hobbies.
Dealing with my roommate's threatening BF
Should I (F23) see him (26M) again? Urgent.
Reoccurring argument with my(22f) best friend (23m), thinks I don’t show enough interest in common hobbies
Dealing with my roommate's BF
Dealing with my roommate's threatening BF
Coworkers think I said something that I didn’t, now it’s making me paranoid [31m]
My(24F) Bf(25M) 1.5yrs accuses me every day of being unfaithful.
Bf (23M) seems to have lost interest towards me (20F) because of my sport
Boyfriend [22M] uncomfortable with me [23F] living with male friend [28M]
Coworkers took a joke comment serious and it’s making me paranoid how I seem now
People at my work think I said something I didn’t, and it’s making me paranoid [27M]
My [29f] husband [32M] does not appreciate the things I do to make our home nice and I’m starting to become very frustrated.
Caught husband with another woman
[22/M] My Head or My Heart?? A Quarantine Love Dilemma
Love language?
I'm [25M] texting a girl [21F] and my best friend [24F] is having an obsessive-jealousy-like tantrum over us texting
Even though i am officially an 'adult' (30,F) i need to talk to an adult right now for some perspective 🙈
F24 unable to date/heal 2.5 years
I was dumped because of quarantine
I was dumped because of the quarantine
Do you ever got those moments where you know you're classified as an "adult" (30,F) but you need to speak to an ACTUAL adult. Help my mixed up mind!
Slight celebrity crush issue I [22M] have with my girlfriend [20F] of 5 months.
F24 unable to date/ heal for 2.5 years
Intimacy? What’s that?
Lost all my friends
How do I (F27) support my boyfriend (M32) after a near death experience he had today?
Me (f24) unable to date (any advice welcomed)
How do I (F27) best support my boyfriend (M32) after a near death experience he had today?
My partner's (20M) pride is really starting to get on my (20F) nerves.
Good man, bad sex, old ex. Should I leave?
Help me out
Woman's point of view on this.
insecure around friendships
Insecure around friendships
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Need advice!
I (F/26) don’t know how to be the person I really am, especially in my relationship.
She said she needs space, but still sees her future with me???
I forgave my rapist boyfriend and lost all my friends
I (F/26) don’t know how to be the person I really am, especially in my relationship.
I (23F) don’t want my boyfriend (25m) to invite one of his friends to the wedding and we can’t agree on what to do
Will I contact my old friend [27/M]? Its weighing heavily on me[27/F].
Out of nowhere...
TL;DR Partner not attracted to me because of weight gain.
I [27F] unknowingly dated a married man [31M] a couple months ago, he is now leaving his wife and wants to stay with me. I don't know if I want him to.
UPDATE: My (30F) best friend of 10+ years (31F) didn’t show up to my wedding because of mental health issues and I don’t know how to move forward with our friendship.
Why does my ex (31m) follow a girl on Instagram who has zero posts, doesn’t follow him back, and has thousands of followers?
She wants a break but, said she “hasn’t given up on us”
Partner not attracted to me because of weight gain
My girlfriend (F25) broke up with me (F25) because she didn't feel like a priority. Now I'm in quarantine by myself, unsure how to move ahead.
Do I (23m) owe my two old roommates (23m) rent money for late notice?
Will I contact an old friend or not ? Has been weighing heavily on me for a long time.
How do I (21F) talk to my boyfriend (21M) about my past relationships?
Unsure if I [25f] communicated directly to my ex [25m] about breakup. Downloaded tinder, now questioning if I should clarify?
How can I [M/25] fix this ongoing issue of communication with my gf [F/24]
Did I [27F] make the right call?
Boyfriend (31M) is uncomfortable having sex with me
Boyfriend making me feel crazy
Should I [23F] bother reaching out to him [26M]?
My [20s f] dad [60s m] is being banned from my mom's [60s f] funeral and I don't know what to do
I don’t know what to do anymore
My Mom is financially dependant on me and my brother and I think it may keep me poor.
My girlfriend (25) broke up with me (25) because she didn't feel like my main priority and I am in quarantine feeling terrible.
My Boyfriend (M27) of 6 Years Broke Up With Me (F26) Due to Lack of Sex. How Do I Try to Rekindle this Relationship Before It's Too Late?
Why does my ex (31m) follow a girl on Instagram who has zero posts, doesn’t follow him back, and has thousands of followers?
Me [34 M] with my Wife [31 F] of 12 years, How do I engage her pessimism?
My (25 F) and my partner (28M) cannot agree on finances
My boyfriend has no drive or ambition and it’s making me question our relationship
I (28f) am bothered by my fiance's female friends, not sure if it is just me
My family [mostly 40’s and 50’s] rented a beach house next week in a remote beach town. I can’t decide if me [26F] and my boyfriend [28M] should go?
Friend [M18] is suicidal and I [F19] don't know what to do
I (21F) have extreme jealousy issues with my boyfriend (22M) of two years, how can I fix it?
My [F21] LDR Girlfriend [F23] ended things on Saturday, asked for me back, I said no but now I miss her.
I (30f) have a hard time dealing with my brother (28M) and am wondering if once I move out I want to continue a relationship or not
Me (21 F) and my boyfriend (20 M) are looking for someone willing to give us relationship advices anonymously on Telegram with the two of us
My Husband is Afraid of Tears
I (21F) have extreme jealousy and trust issues with my boyfriend (22M)
Me (21 F) and my boyfriend (20 M) are looking for someone willing to give us relationship advices anonymously on Telegram with the two of us
My husband is afraid of tears.
Extreme jealousy issues
I (28f) and bothered by my fiance's female friends
I’m jealous of my (21F) boyfriends (22M) relationship with his twin sister. And he’s not understanding or helping.
What is the most age difference would consider for a romantic adult/mature relationship?
[21F] need help with my [21M] boyfriend, does work affect your relationship?
[21F] need help with my [21M] boyfriend, does work affect your relationship?
Considering if I [22M] should stay friends with girl [19F]
I (27F) and quarantining with a depressed partner (28M)
My (22M) boyfriend won’t defend me (21F) in the way he defends his twin sister.
What to do about a fight with my mother.
I am panicking for no reason
Do you think he's lying or cheating?
The only girl (21) that i (M20) thought i loved led me on for 5 years
I think my boyfriend is lying to me
The only girl (21) I thought i (M20) loved didn't want to be with me after 5 years of on and off seeing each other, but wanted to "experience being single" instead. Am i wrong to let her go?
My (30f) husband (33m) starts community college this fall. He's never been a very driven student, and he's nervous about failing. How do I support him and help him succeed without veering into weird parent territory?
Introvert / masculinity / social anxiety - husband
My first share
I (19F) think I might want to breakup with my girlfriend (24F)
I heard my parents (mid 40s m&f) bashing my relationship (f20,m20) to other relatives.
My (30F) husband (33M) starts community college this fall. He's never been a very driven student, and he's nervous about failing. How do I support him and help him succeed without veering into weird parent territory?
How can I show my boyfriend that I never cheated on him?
Husband Messaged His Ex Then Deleted The Chat, Should I Trust The Explination He Gave?
I've been with my (f18) girlfriend (f18) for five months now but a part of me likes my best friend even though I have a heck lot of feelings for my girlfriend.
My Bf (28M) and me (25f) are at a cross roads. Break up or move to a new city I don’t want to be in.
My (23F) parents (50sF/M) are making my sister feel bad/guilty about taking care of her mental health
I think my (25f) dad (44m) is in an abusive marriage with his wife (42f) of 15-ish years
Partner posting photos of me
My (23F) parents (50sF/M) are making my sister (18F) feel bad/guilty about taking care of her mental health
Is it to much to ask my girlfriend to not smoke cigarettes around me?
Am I a jerk for dating other guys while my boyfriend was on a religious mission?
Husband Messaged His Ex Then Deleted The Chat, But He Has An Explination, Should I Trust It?
My (17f) Australian boyfriend (19m) is mad at me for dating other people
I've been with my (f18) girlfriend (18f) for five months but I have feelings for my best friend.
Using jealousy to manipulate?
would it be ridiculous to quit a job after a break up??? i work with his brother??
The Easiest Sex Positions for Inexperienced Couples
My gf (28F) isn't understanding of my (30M) job - reddit please help!
My husband [26m of 3 years] and I [25f] are stranded overseas from one another. We haven't seen one another in five months, I feel like this is going on for too long - he has the option to travel but I don't
What does love mean to you?
I (20m) fell in love with my best friend(21m)'s ex (20f)
Is it normal to think your partner is dumb? I have been dating my bf for 5 years and he cant figure out the simplest things and it bugs me
Guy I’m dating told me I was dancing like a hoe. Is that acceptable?
My partner (35m) of five years has never dated anyone older than 21 or been in a long term relationship outside of myself. Are those red flags
He flew to see a woman... what do I do?
Does anyone else date men but not enjoy d***s?
I [39M] think I'm losing my best friend [34F] to a somewhat complicated open relationship. Am I wrong to be upset?
I have a pregnancy scare and everyone tells me I’m being paranoid
I (23F) get bored of everyone really quickly. Why?
He flew to see another woman... what do I do now?
Don't like d***, have a bf, pls help!
Did I make the right choice?
persistent crush threatening other relationships :( help!
Did I make the right choice?
Guy I’m dating pulled me aside to tell me to stop dancing like a hoe. Is that acceptable?
Boyfriend refuses to answer my texts when I am trying to talk to him about our relationship
Pregnancy Scare
I (23F) always get bored of people easily. Why?
I am tripping on a side chick pregnancy scare
I (M/24) cheated on my girlfriend (F/23)
If you could go back in time and speak to the 10 year old YOU, what piece of advice would you give him/her about relationships?
Tripping on a Pregnancy Scare
My (22M) strongly dislikes my girlfriend (22F), and it causes great stress on us.
my worst year
I’m afraid that my gf(F17) and I(M17) might not form a lasting relationship
Relationship traditions?
karma
Anniversary Traditions?
[58F] Mom won’t stop acting like [29F] I can’t cook. How do I shut her up?
I’ve only been with one girl my entire life. She wants to get married. Feel like I’m missing out on life but I’m scared to lose her. Is it time to call it off? (19M).
Getting bored in the relationship but still love the girl. Is it time to call it off? (19M). Please read full thing before commenting.
This is kind of weird...I was staying with a girl friend from college earlier this year while traveling and saw something that makes me feel guilty.
My (22f) girlfriend almost never wants to have sex or be touched by me (22m)
How common is it to not have each other's presence on social media?
6 y relationship ended yesterday out of lying, cheating and behaviour issues
Wife has hated me since giving birth 6 weeks ago
My married friend(28F) is trying to sleep with me(21M) and I don't know what to do
I have feelings for my bestfriend's ex who is also my bestfriend
My [34F] Mom treats my Dad [60s M/F] terribly, but thinks she's the victim. Family members have suggested an intervention. I don't know whether or not to get involved, as my heart hurts for my dad. LONG.
My boy friend touched me when I was half asleep
My(28M) wife(25F) - My Mirror.
My (30F) mum (50F) hates when I'm nice to anyone outside my family.
My (30F) mum (50F) hates when I'm nice to anyone outside my family.
Does your significant-other think you talk over them but in reality they talk over you?
Does you significant-other talk over you but thinks you talk over them??
My (30F) mum (50F) hates when I'm nice to other people
What do you people who are in relationships even talk about everyday?
My[27M] wife [24F] thinks that intentions don't make a big difference when it comes to hurting the other person and if one of us hurts the other person intentionally or by an accident, that shouldn't be compared. How can we start seeing eye to eye and understand the other person's perspective?
What do you people who are in relationships talk about everyday?
I (25/f) think I might have been sexually assaulted by former fling (40/m) and I don’t know what to think.
The guy [M30] I [F21] like might go for another woman
My boyfriend(17m) stayed out all night partying and got his phone taken away
My (18F) boyfriend (20M) doesn’t seem to like talking to me
Cuddle buddies with best friend's (21F) friend (21M).
My(22F) friend(23F) who is also my roommate thought her boyfriend(22) was cheating on her with me who is my very close friend.
Lately I’ve (22f) been so annoyed and irritated by everything for no reason and I don’t get why?
Bro [23m] treats our sister [7f] way better than he ever treated me [16f] growing up. It hurts a bit to see.
Is it a good idea to be cuddle buddies with best friend's friend?
My girlfriend (34f) of 4 months broke up with me 38(m), not devastated but more curious the reasons.
Boyfriend (29/m) got fired because he was trying to be like my (31/f) ex!
Is there any way I [30/M] can repair a friendship with my co-worker [22/F]?
Trust issues
My boyfriend(17m) stayed out all night partying and got his phone taken away
I (23m) don’t know if I love my (23) gf (3years) anymore, or if there is something wrong with me.
Does my ex (32F) still love me (32M)?
I'm 22F. How do we get over a break up when your ex- partner is with you in lockdown?
I'm 22F from India. How do we get over a break up at this time?
I [30F] think I just ruined my relationship with [34M] over wearing deodorant.
22 year old female navigating through breakup
For anyone 18 and above, I wrote some things that have helped me during my break up journey.
I am a F(20) struggling with my best friend of 13 years F(21) and relationships in general
Leaving a long-term relationship
Is there any way I [30/M] can repair a friendship with my co-worker [22F]?
5 year Relationship - Am I crazy or just Growing Up
I've (22F) suddenly fallen in love with my best friend (22M) of five years, and I don't know why.
Need some advice
I am a F(20) struggling with my best friend of 13 years F(21) and relationships in general
I want to be a model who sometimes poses in tasteful lingerie but the guy I’m dating doesn’t like that. What should I do?
Relationship help
I [20sM] got beat badly by my roommate [20sF] during a boxing match I reluctantly agreed to. The way her and my other roommates responded to it caused me to move out. Did I overreact? Was I wrong at all, or irrational? Please give me some advice fellow redditors.
I am a F(20) struggling with my best friend of 13 years F(21) and relationships in general
Does anyone else find it weird that guys have penises and girls have vaginas??
I (23F) feel like my boyfriend (30M) wouldn't notice or care if I left
What I learned... from a Tik Tok (yes, a Tik Tok)
Need fair feedback on my fiancé’s high school friend that is a girl...
I have a crash on someone who i think might be toxic but i cant help it what to do about it? I dont live in an English speaking country so i might have some typos
My (31f) husband's family are all incredibly mean to one family member (12?F) and I don't know what to do
Contact ex for closure? [27M]
Gut feeling about girlfriend. Hiding her actual name for almost a year. Need advice
Me (18M) and my best friend (18F) have had an on and off thing for months now. How do I deal with her mixed feelings?
I’m feeling like I’m in a toxic relationship with my friend
Girlfriend (28/f) have been causing strain on relationships over my (30/m) car!
My parents are getting a divorce and it is causing extreme separation anxiety.
Roommate problems
My girlfriend (18F) of 1.5 yrs lied about seeing her ex, am I (18M) overreacting?
Student-Prof dating after graduation
Wanting to break up
Is it weird that my boyfriend (18) bosses me around/takes charge and I (21M) like it?
My [29F] SIL [27F] is pretending online that my infant son [9months] is hers
How should I deal with a toxic family member?
I (24F) broke my phone and my partner (24M) told me he was bored
A girl I know admitted a girl I have a crush on likes me back, how do I make the first move?
How do I (26/M) know when its time to end a long term (3.5 year) relationship with my SO (27/F)?
How do I (26/M) know when its time to end a long term (3.5 year) relationship with my SO (27/F)?
How long to wait for I love you?
Student-professor relationship after graduation
how long to wait for I love you
how long to wait for I love you.
How to deal with a toxic family member?
Should I(F22) Leave My Boyfriend(M24) for Giving Me an STI/Refusing to Take Proper Precautions?
How Can I let go of resentment toward my parents and have a healthy relationship with them?
I'm feeling insecure with the girl I'm dating when I didn't feel that way before.
Should I see my Dad's Family on Father's Day?
What are your experiences with people who are unable to take a step back to realise that they may have crossed a line to make you uncomfortable with their friendship with your partner
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I'm afraid to tell my girlfriend [24F]
I (20f) have a really weird problem where I can’t call my boyfriend (21m) by his name
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I am afraid to tell my girlfriend [24F]
What are your experiences with people who are unable to take a step back to realise that they may have crossed a line to make you uncomfortable with their friendship with your partner
How do I [26M] tell my girlfriend [24F] that I have a flip flop fetish?
My (25f) boyfriends (25m) roommate (23f) was wasted and flashed him right in front of me.
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I'm not sure how to tell my girlfriend [24F]
I [26M] have a flip flop fetish and I'm not sure how to tell my girlfriend [24F]
19 F looking for someone to vent to a bit
Am I (17F) being overly difficult with my controlling hypochondriac father (45M)?
Worried that I (33F) am creating unrealistic expectations with how much I want to see my partner (32F)
We've just broke up because I (28 M) was being apathetic during the last months. I want a second chance, but maybe it's too late and I fear hurting her (23 F) even more.
Am I (23/F) justified in being upset that a friend/ex wants to start fresh?
i'm (26f) only sexually-attched to him (30m) but not sexually/intellectually
Am I (17F) being overly difficult with my controlling hypochondriac father (45M)?
only emotionally-attached but that's all it is
Conversations are going dry, need convo starters?
I (17 F) really want to talk to an old friend (17 M)
I (17 F) really want to talk to my old friend (17 F)
i realized something :(
Should I stay or should I go?
My parents don't understand that I'm 23F and want a life outside of our extremely small town and possibly our extremely boring state. How do I explain this to them?
Guy (30M) I'm (24F) seeing seems to openly talk about other women in a way that I don't particularly like. Advice?
My boyfriend (28M) is best friends with his parents. I (25F) want him to stop sharing so much info about me to them.
I (19M) think I have a spark with a current friend (18F) who lives 2000km away and need advice on how to keep it alive over LD
I (19M) think I have a spark with a current friend (18F) and need advice on how to keep it alive over LD
Am I F(29) overreacting about my boyfriends M(31) “friend”?
Long winded - bear with me please
Am I overreacting about my boyfriends “friend”?
Ghosted after the 9th date [23F] how can i find closure when idk what i did
Thoughts keep triggering me (M31)
How would you I interpret his words about his feelings?
For the past several weeks, I [27/M] have been getting to know someone [30/F] online. I'm worried about how my interactions are coming across to her, whether I'm coming on too strongly, and what I should do going forward.
What do you make of his words about his feelings for me
Thoughts keep triggering me (M31)
I feel like my bf priorizes his friends sometimes and I don't know how to handle it
Need advice about my crush (17M)
I feel like my boyfriend priorizes his friends sometimes and I don't know how to handle it
I keep wondering if my (25F) boyfriend (23m) left me for his ex, can anyone give me some input? Am I overthinking?
Thoughts keep triggering me
My [28F] cousin [24F] had an outburst towards me and I told her off, now we aren't talking and I wonder if I took it too far
I keep wondering if my (25F) boyfriend (23m) left me for his ex, can anyone give me some input? Am I overthinking?
M24 quite guy seeking advice on how to talk to people
How do I (17M) tell my crush that I like her
First date advice? I am a 16M who comes from a conservative family and I need a lot of help.
Any advice for relationship anxiety?
Quite guy seeking advice on talking to people.
What should I do ? Am I a lesbian ?
Me (34) and My Wife (31) Are Deeply in Love But Disagree on Children. How Can I Change Her Mind?
My girlfriend (31) and I (27) are having a pause while I consider something she has made her mind up about
(28)F broke up with (27)M
How do I [31F] tell my friend [30F] that I'm not okay with her visiting anymore?
I fucked up..
Boyfriend (31M) following random women on Instagram
Not sure if I’m overreacting or not about what I (24f) found on BFs (25m) phone
Me (34) and My Wife (31) Are Deeply in Love But Disagree on Children. How Can I Change Her Mind?
My girlfriend (31) and I (27) are having a pause while I consider something she's made her mind up about
I (30m) can't seem to stop hurting my girlfriend (30f) emotionally
Great relationship being ruined due to my (M/24) idiotic insecurities with (F/29) girlfriend
Sexual PTSD
Am I completely wrong for thinking my ex might still have some feelings for me??
Broke up
is this a normal marriage - father (60/M) and mother (55/F)
My Mother (52F) lied my entire life to me (32M). I helped my brother (22M) get away from her, did i save his life or ruin her life?
Uzturlīdzekļu kalkulators, uzturlīdzekļu kalkulatori, risinājums uzturlīdzekļu apmēra noteikšanai
Im (19f) getting targeted by my bfs (21m) female 'friends'
My father(39m) decided he suddenly he didnt want to talk to me and my mother(35f) anymore
How can I (21F) be there for my roommate (20F) who is in an abusive relationship (21M)?
Am I not allowing my partner to help me or is he just taking advantage?
How to trust cheating Ex again?
I [17M] don’t know how to start talking to this girl [17F]
Needing advice
I [17M] don’t know how to start talking to this girl [17F]
I don’t know how to start talking to this girl
Please help me figure this relationship out (20F/M)
Am I in denial about how bad my relationship is?
Potentially NSFW: My fiancé told me he's into guys and I don't know what to do
Love
How do I (23F) check in with my boyfriend (25M) about communicating with his ex?
I’ve had to cut off friends recently. Is this normal?
Am I turning men gay or they bi to begin with?
I’ve had to cut off friends recently. Is this normal?
Should I(28F) leave him(28M) or be patient? I'm lost
I’ve become uninterested in my boyfriend (M20) during lockdown since i can’t see him (F19)
I (M18) have a very complicated relationship with my crush (F19) and I do not know what to do next
My [18M] ‘step-sister’ [19F] says she really likes me after sleeping with me even though she is already in a relationship?
I always cause problems in the relationship, please help!
I(M18) have a very complicated relationship with my crush(F19) and I need don't know what to do
Had (28F) a fight with my bf (25M) and he couldn’t say “I love you” back after?
I Don't Feel Like My Mother Really Loves Me
I always cause problems in the relationship, help me please!
(F20) Heartbroken for the first time
I'm [25M] worried my GF [22F] will leave me due to the time spent apart in our long distance relationship.
If my [22f] mom [42f] isn't the primary reason/inspiration why I'm doing something, she gets bratty.
(F20) Heart broken for the first time
Had (28F) a fight with my bf (25M) and he couldn’t say “I love you” back after?
Feeling fucked
My girlfriend (22F) for 3.5 years said she doesn't have feelings for me (21M) anymore.
I'm [25M] worried that my GF [22F] of 5 months will leave me due to COVID-19
Am I right to be worried about potential proposal?
My (30m) girlfriends (27f) family are very bossy, opinionated and bitchy
In a relationship shop of 4 years but can’t stop thinking about an ex who isn’t really an ex
My girlfriend(22F) of 3.5 years said she doesn't have feelings for me (21M) anymore.
When do future goals become a dealbreaker? My (F21) boyfriend (21m) is unsure about the far future
I (23M) moved out of home after my mum (62F) verbally abused my girlfriend (21F)
Getting closure, how to move on ? [20F, 25M]
Getting closure, how to move on? [20F, 25M]
In a relationship of 4 years but can’t stop thinking about an ex who isn’t really an ex
Getting closure, how to move on?
Friend(F, 22) is in a complicated relationship with a guy (M, 22). How do I tell her it’s a bad idea?
Am I asking for too much if I ask my boyfriend to come pick me up so we can spend time together, but in order for him to agree I have to bribe him with money and sexual action?
Stories of when a relationship went dull of completely off, then came back to life.
Stories of when of when a relationship went dull of completely off, then came back to life.
When do future goals become a dealbreaker?
I Don't Know If My Boyfriend Is Right With Me And My Feelings Towards Someone Else Kinda Cloud My Judgement
Friend(22) is in a complicated relationship. How do I tell her it’s a bad idea?
my boyfriend (26) messaged my old classmate
I think I might be gay and I don’t know how to cope.
22,M- I met a girl at a party 3 months ago...she is avoiding me without specific reason
I think I might be gay and I don’t know how to cope.
I'm (25f) at my limit with my husband's (25m) over eating!!
Why do I always get cheated?
I have told women that I respect them during sex for 2 years. These are my findings
My [26M] GF [26F] has had me questioning our relationship for a few months now, I feel like she wants me to end the relationship by the way she acts, what should I do?
Needing advice
My boyfriend messaged my old classmate
HACKING SERVICE
What’s wrong with me?
What's wrong with me ?
What’s wrong with me?
I 25M feel like I lost my GF 25F
Letting go of your past
my ex-boyfriend molested me
Help needed for the "One that got away"
My(30m) girlfriend (30f) and I are in a vicious cycle of pain
I(20F) feel like I should quit my job because of my ex-boyfriend (24M)
My boyfriend [M33] constantly evades productive discussions by forcing me [F26] to pedantically dissect sentences in a longform, academic dissertation format only to sulk away for "me time."
Girlfriend shared nudes with a friend
My Boyfriend (M26) uses porn sometimes and I (23F) am confused...
(20M) My girlfriend (21F) is a pansexual, polyamorous, mentally ill, hardcore introvert who is in love with me and her ex (23M) on whom, she is still hung up on and knows that she can't be with him.
Not trusting your gut in relationships
Help needed
when do you know that you want to spend the rest of your life with someone?
Is normal if your bf lets you go pit with your guy friend but not with 2/3/4 guy friends?
My boyfriend [M33] constantly makes me [F26] dissect innocuous statements in a longform discussion often exceeding an hour only to blow me off for "me time."
I 25M think I lost my GF (27F)
My (23) boyfriend (24) uses IMVU
Potential Proposal Problems
when do you know that you want to spend the rest of your life with someone?
Why does my ex (21M) continue to follow all of my close friends on social media, even if they have stopped following him?
Why does my ex (21M) continue to follow all of my close friends on social media, even if they have stopped following him?
I [F24] feel off around the girl [F23] I’m dating and I don’t know why.
I have this fear of ending up alone
Should I leave my boyfriend of 4 years? We have a kid together.
I (25M) with gf (25F) just found out gf cheated on me after I cheated on her.
BF [25m] doesn’t want to move out of parents home and I [25f] want him to grow up
I need advice on how to handle my feelings for my best friend.
Is it ok for me(21M) to message an old friend (21F)?
How do I handle my feelings for my best friend?
Tips on How to Train Your Doggo Boyefren
She (F20) wants kids and me (M18) dont want
Me (24M) was talking to a French girl (24F)
Me (24M) was talking to a French girl long distance (24F)
BF [25m] does not want to move out of parents house and I [25f] am starting to find it weird
My(22F) friend(21F) thought we were cheating on her with her boyfriend(21M) who is my friend. Now female one says things behind my back
Moving During a Pandemic: How Much Notice to Give? (27F)
Butt Touches
I (20M) keep on doubting my own love for my girlfriend (19F)
My [22F] bf [26M] has some old fb tagged pics where him and his ex are kissing from years ago. I feel weirded out and a bit insecure, am I in the wrong to feel this way?
Hot and cold behaviour in a LDR.
I (23M) want to reconnect with a friend from University (20F)
I (24F) was raped and it doesn’t get easier ?
He (23M) broke up with me (23F) because his ex tested positive for herpes.
I (22F) am still in love with my ex (25M) over a year after we broke up, but feel like there is something meant to happen between us.
Butt Touches
My (F17) bf (M18) has never posted about me or us on any of his social media’s.
He broke up with me bc his ex got herpes.
Depressed (but medicated), unemployed husband (M~40) talks down on me (F~33) about trivial matters and won't do anything at all to improve our situation.
Mum said i'm wrong for telling Child Support that I 'suspect' my ex partner may be working.
My GF (25 MtF) suggests an open relationship for my (24M) benefit. Should I accept?
Mum said i'm wrong for telling Child Support that I 'suspect' my ex partner may be working.
I [28/f] have a persistent anxiety problem in my relationship and need help.
Why am I still in love over a year later? I feel like in sense I have moved on, I don’t feel jealousy over his new relationships, and I can develop feelings for other people, but there is this part of me that is still completely in love with him and can’t forget about him.
I (21M) broke her (21F) heart because of anger
I (23F) may have someone stalking me online
I (F,22) have been talking to a guy for (M,23) for about a month and a half now with the intention of fwbs. Are these regular fwbs/open relationship interactions and ways? I literally have no experience so I don't know. Red flags?
My (22F) insecurity is affecting my relationship
i shouldn’t care at this point, but i do...
My (F26) guy (M28) broke up with me on Friday because he felt like he had no space. It all started when the quarantine happened and I’m not sure if he’ll be back..should I even take him back if he does?
i shouldn’t care at this point, but i do..
My gf (18F) of 1.5 yrs lied about seeing her ex, am I (18M) overreacting?
I think I [29 M] might be unhappy of my 2 years relationship with my girlfriend [24 F], but I don't know if I want a breakup especially during these times
My (F26) guy (M28) broke up with me on Friday because he felt like he had no space. It all started when the quarantine happened and I’m not sure if he’ll be back..should I even take him back if he does?
My best friend [18F] is being forced into an arranged marriage with her cousin [28M]
How to make my online friends delete our conversation
These ladies are acting a little silly, but I love my gf and want to show her that she is wrong, but do so in a way that isn’t misogynist. Thanks peeps okay cya
boyfriend won’t honestly talk about how he feels
Repost! 21 F trying to conceive
My gf (18f) of 1.5 yrs lied about seeing her ex, am I (18m) overreacting?
Should I end the relationship?
Jeey..!!! Your collaboration will help make things better here That would be very meaningful
Need help dealing with my exes past
Anyone else agree?
Is it possible to love two people at the same time?
My (23F) bf (33M) is angry that I dyed my hair
Should I tell my parents that my little sister (14F) was sexually assaulted by our neighbor?
My relationship (F27) with my boyfriend (M28) is good right now but I don’t see a long-term future
My(23F) ldr boyfriend(26M) haven’t let me see nor meet his mom yet
My boyfriend has moved in and I think he has high functioning autism and I’m not sure what to do
My(23F) ldr boyfriend(26M) haven’t let me see nor meet his mom yet
Me and my wife are so different
I (25\they) got snippy with my partner (23/he).
My [20/M] boyfriend doesn't remember doing things to me [20/F] while sleeping. Please give me advice!
Me. 24(M)
Me...
I need help with my exes past
Need advice
I (23M) want to reconnect with a friend (20F)
I [25F] am (romantically!!) jealous of my guy friend [28M] but I have a boyfriend...
My (18M) girlfriend (17F) seems mad at me because I told her she should have a private instagram account.
My boyfriend has moved in and I think he has high functioning autism, and I don’t know what to do
I (25\they) got snippy with my partner (23/he).
I (25F) am (romantically!!) jealous of my guy friend (28M) but am in a two-year relationship
Should I just go ghost?
To Break up or stay together
My (26/M) girlfriend (26/F) hates my best friends and does not like when I spend time with them. This frustration is getting very serious.
I did something shady but I feel like it needed to be done....
What should I [20F] do when the guy that I like [20M] talks about other girls hitting on him?
I (25f) got a boyfriend (28m) and I feel guilty
Two days of him not talking to me after a snippy comment
What should I [20F] do when the guy that I like [20M] talks about other girls hitting on him?
Finally found a boyfriend and I feel guilty?
What do you do when a guy that you like talks about other girls hitting on him?
My (26/M) girlfriend (26/F) hates my best friends and does not like that I spend time with them and this anger is getting very serious.
How do you manage your relationship with significant others who have different religions and beliefs?
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] won’t stop playing video games
How do I tell my boyfriend I love him while I’m having an anxiety attack every time I think about it
How do I tell my boyfriend I love him while I’m having an anxiety attack every time I think about it
How much crabbiness/shortness in a relationship is acceptable to tolerate?
How do I [M20] know when to break up a 10 year friendship [with M19]?
I (27M) overheard my girlfriend (33F) tell her friend that she 'feels like I have cheated' before, but that she doesn't care that much. How do I talk to her about this?
I (21) broke up with my (31) boyfriend who I did not trust and now I am at the psych ward.
My bf (M18) of three years admitted that he cheated on me (F20)
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) has decided to officially move back in with his religiously strict family
What do I do with my [20/m] ( I am [20/F] )
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] won’t stop playing video games
My ex never made it official with me but had a new girlfriend the week we broke up
My bf (M18) of three years admitted he cheated on me (F20)
Sometimes I don’t want to cuddle or be touched
Input since I got no closure
I [20/F] need advice on what to do with my [20/m] boyfriend
What the heck is wrong with some people
I [27F] don’t like my roommate and it makes me feel incredibly guilty
I love my GF but I'm breaking up with her, is this normal?
Just left somebody because of relationship anxiety, could use some support..
Guys are unmatching me on Bumble whenever they see my selfies!
I still love my GF but I'm breaking up with her tomorrow, is this normal?
[F21] Confused about whether my friendships are genuine
Am I overreacting about boyfriends social media?
I [20/F] need advice on what to do with my [20/m] boyfriend
I only date “lowlifes”
I [27F] don’t like my roommate and it makes me feel extremely guilty
Breakup realization (22F)
Do all men cheat?
My (21/fm) boyfriend (22/m) has decided to move into an apartment with his *extremely* strict family
I only date “low lifes”
I’m getting over him, but I still can’t stop comparing other guys to him.
I(23M) have a great but inherently sad relationship with my best friend(22F) of 9 years, and I want to know what I should do now.
I usually only date low life’s
I'm 19 and second guessing...
I’m getting over him, but I still can’t stop comparing other guys to him.
[F21] Confused about whether my friendships are genuine
I (F,22) have been talking to a guy for (M,23) for about a month and a half now with the intention of fwbs. However, I need someone's take on whether I should call it quits with him. Red flags?
How do I [28F] tell my sister [24F] that our dad would like her bf more if they were more proper at our house?
"Friends" decided to touch my gf
What role does Social Media play in your relationship with your SO?
My (21/fm) boyfriend (22/m) has decided to move in with his family. His family are strict muslims so I will not even be allowed to visit his house.
How to deal with gaslighting
My Parents are Giving my Girlfriend (F18) and me (M19) an Ultimatum: Us or Them—Need Urgent Help.
Found out that people who were my friends decided to touch my girlfriend and it really bothers me
What role does social media play in your relationship with SO?
Is masturbation ok in a marriage?
Is masturbation ok in a marriage?
Feeling Ugly in Bumble
Is masturbation ok in a marriage?
(24/M) Apologizing during a first date for a prior insult which tainted the date (to 28/F)?
2 years?
Dating a libra
I'm 19 and having trouble deciding...
My boyfriend cheated on me and I don’t know what to do.
Me [25M] trying to remain friends with my friend [23F] after not dating.
I f(24) multiple phones connected to his m (25) WiFi. Calling me crazy but I can’t make sense of it.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I don’t know what to do.
Women Lie: Size DOES Matter!
How to heal from gaslighting and cheating
Is it normal to never have conversations with an SO?
Vulnerability
Apologizing during a first date for a prior insult which tainted the date?
Bf taking job he wouldnt normally like, just because its with friends.
My ex want to start calling me again but I’m in a new relationship
How can I improve my relationships? [M21]
Tainted love?
Would appreciate some advice
Am I asking for too much if I ask my boyfriend to come pick me up so we can spend time together, but in order for him to agree I had to bribe him with money and sexual action?
GASLIGHTING BOYFRIEND(29/M)
single
Confused/finding myself/broke up..any hope?
Me (F24) and my boyfriend (M22) just broke up...
Its been 6 months since my first actual gut punching breakup ...
How do I (m32) initiate a serious conversation with my co-worker (f41), who I feel is a very close friend?
I [20sM] for beat up by my roommate [20sF] during a boxing match I reluctantly agreed to. The way her and my other roommates responded to it caused me to move out. Did I overreact? Should I reach out to them? Please give me some advice fellow redditors.
How do I (m32), initiate a meaningful conversation with my co-worker (f41), who I feel is a very close friend.
Why am I (F 27) so bad at relationships/commitment?
Friend and her husband want a “third”
How do you initiate a serious conversation with a seemingly 'good' friend of the opposite sex?
My ex is contacting me and I don’t know if I should be friends with her
Do I keep trying?
Why am I so bad at love/afraid of commitment?
GASLIGHTING
Me and my boyfriend have different political/global views- I was really worried at first but it's working really well?
I (46f) have no clue how to confront my husband (48m) on his disgusting file on his computer.
My friend refuses to confront her friend about being toxic
My 12 year old nephew is more annoying than average and I don’t know how to deal with him
My [16F] best friend [17F] needs support and comfort, but I'm in an awful place right now.
Boyfriend makes huge life decisions without me
Should I (28m) cut contact with my ex (24F) and my 2 best friends (27m & 32m) because she made out with them in front of me while we were all drunk?
Me [23 M] with my Ex-Girlfriend [24 F] of one month, then two months off, we're talking again, and I want to do my best to get her back.
Ex says he can't even be around me without wanting sex
To the girl that ruined my life.
my [18F] boyfriend [18M] is really damaging me
Boyfriend (28M) who lies, losing my (28F) gut instinct
My husband (33M) and I (31F) are currently expecting our first child and I fear the worst for our relationship.
My (35F) ld bf (38M) ignores me on socials and I’m wondering if his behaviour is suspicious.
My relationship started out crazy on my behalf due to cheating, but THIS can’t all be my fault? 29f
My(17m) dad(52m) used my Reddit account and sometimes gets into heated political debates
Girls from my circle [16f] have been verbally bullying a girl [15 ? F] from school pretty hard. What should I do?
Ex says he can't ever be around me without wanting sex
I (26 F) recently kissed the guy (37 M) I dated for 4 months and felt nothing
My [20F] parents want me to plan my life around my brother [22M]
My [20F] mom [50F] keeps commenting on my relationship and it stresses me out.
Long distance boyfriend (M26) reticent to move back so we can be not-long-distance.
Long distance bf (M26) is reluctant to move to where I (M27) live.
I (24m) think my girlfriend (24f) might be cheating on me with her best friend (25m)
My (20F) Mother (43f) is not treating me like I’m an adult
My S/Os family is trashy, possible dealbreaker?
Do I keep trying?
Do I keep trying?
Do I keep trying?
Do I keep trying?
My S/Os family is trashy, possible dealbreaker?
what do I do about my bf??!!
To those who have been cheated on, do you know how the cheating ex is doing?
Sugar baby 27f
I cheated on my BF. Will I ever forgive myself and be able to date again? (24F).
How to kick out my (22F) cousin (23M)?
How to kick out my (22F) cousin (23M)?
I 29 (f) think I have finally decided to leave 33 (m)
My (f20) boyfriend (m21) won't respond well when I express that I miss him
To those who have been cheated on, how is your ex who cheated doing?
My girlfriend exposed me
Girlfriend of 2.5 years randomly stopped talking to me
Is it a dealbreaker if your S/Os whole family is trashy?
I’m (27 F) wish I was alone instead of with alcoholic husband (27 M)
Girlfriend randomly stopped talking to me
I (F19) want to get a few satin pajamas/lingerie to satisfy my boyfriend, is it worth the buy or do guys not find it hot anymore?
I've never had a single romantic/sexual encounter. What's holding me back?
Is it a dealbreaker if your S/Os whole family is trashy?
I (M26) think I’m falling in love with a Felon (F27)
My (f20) boyfriend (m21) won't respond well when I express that I miss him
I wanna lose weight to look good for my skinny boyfriend. Is that wrong?
I've never had a single romantic/sexual encounter. What's holding me back?
How do I (31 f) stop wanting to find someone who cares about me enough to marry me?
In a 1 year relationship, but it didn't work out because she didn't love me the same way I loved her. How did I move past it?
Is there anyway to negotiate the cost of replacing my friends [30 F] dress that I [29 F] ruined?
My [28F] husband [30M] relies on me WAY too much and is a codependent follower. How do I encourage him to find his autonomy without hurting his feelings?
Jeolousy over partner's success? I feel awful for feeling this way
How to stop being so emotionally dependent?
How do I (22M) deal with my extremely talkative roommate? (21M)
27f 25m: Did I ruin it in 2 dates? Appreciate some male advice.
How to stop being emotionally dependent
How many of you were in a relationship but the the relationship didn't work out because one of you was more in love than the other? How did you move past it?
How many of you were in a relationship but the the relationship didn't work out because one of you was more in love than the other? How did you move past it?
My 8th grade crush (17M) with a girlfriend kissed me (17F)
My husband fell asleep at a very crappy time
Husband’s drinking is ruining marriage
27f, 25m. Did I ruin it in 2 dates? Some advice from guys would be great.
How to stop being so emotionally dependent?
Me (25F) and my boyfriend (28M) are going to ‘un-move’ in with each other.
Me (18/M) and my girlfriend (17/F) split on perfect terms but I'm still completely devastated
My husband fell asleep when I was telling him about a horrid dream
Girl (24F) I’ve been dating is mad after her close friend died suddenly and I (26M) didn’t say I directly supported her.
I (26M) didn’t directly say I supported the girl (24F) I’ve been dating for 2 month’s after he friend suddenly died and now she is mad at me.
How to speak to my extroverted roommate?
I've suddenly fallen in love with my best friend of five years, and I don't know what to do
My (30F) boyfriend (27M) often cancels plans we have made for random reasons at the last minute. I recently found out its because he wants to stay home and smoke weed. I'm mad but he doesn't see it as a big deal, am I right to be angry about this or are some people just like that?
Friend gets very angry about things that don’t concern him
Close friend gets very angry about things that don’t concern him.
Is it normal to masturbate to your gf over porn?
I [23F] really liked [24M], but I broke it off due to several red flags. He took it very hard. Should I be his friend in the future?
Need help on not feeling heart ache, even though we aren't dating yet...
I dont understand.
My (18F) boyfriend (21M) doesn't acknowledge my feelings
ME [23M] AND MY GIRLFRIEND [21F] BROKE UP FOR LESS THAN A MONTH AND SHES SEEING SOMEONE ELSE
Did I (22 F) mess with my friendship with my best friend (23F)?
Haven't met my bfs kids or family after being together for 3 years.
Me(19F) & My boyfriend(19M) don't agree with girls sharing their bodies online..
I (26M) feel like their is something missing in my relationship with my girlfriend (22F)
Question I need answered
How do I (M19) deal with my partner's (M19) high SEX drive?
My [20M] girlfriend [20F] snapchats a guy she met on Tinder everyday.
I (24/M) am experiencing a very hot and cold texting experience with a (21/F) has been going on for over two months
How to make an internet stranger delete our conversation
I (21f) white lied to my partner (23f) about the silliest thing
I (21f) white lied to my partner (23f) about the SILLIEST thing
Brother being rude
Why would my FWB (19M) call me (19F) beautiful instead of cute/pretty/hot?
Partner (45M) wants me (36F) to guarantee his 800k loan. When I refused he said he doesn’t trust me
I (24/M) am having a very hot and cold texting experience with a (21/F) for the past two months. Goes from texting me on consistent basis to almost blatantly ignoring me.
I (age/sex) am having issues in my relationship with (age/sex) I will now give you a biased perspective on the situation to receive affirmations on my side of the problem
Haven't met my bfs kids or family after being together for 3 years.
Why would my dumper ex care that I deleted our pics from social media?
I (24/M) and a (21/F) experiencing a very hot and cold texting experience over past two months
I (M21) am madly in love with a girl (22) I met in high school, and she doesn’t reciprocate the feelings.
Only eye contact for two years?!
Only eye contact for 2 years?!
I (24 M) and a extremely hot and cold texter (21 F)
What do you think his intentions were?
Extremely “hot and cold texter” advice would be appreciated
Husband’s (34M) Employee (25F) is in Love with Him
My [18f] family thinks I'm fat.
How am I (23f) meant to handle an overly defensive and passive partner (35m) when bringing up my emotions over text?
I(m/23) met a girl(f/27) online and can’t figure out if she wants to go out
Did I do the right thing? 😒
My [29 F] tried to initiate a four-way with me [35 M] on her birthday, but I wasn't up for it.
Did I do the right thing? 😒
Husband’s (34M) Employee (25F) is in Love with Him
25m first time meeting what do i do?
Ex - things
25 m first time meeting
My boyfriend is too pure and it’s driving me up the wall
My (27F) SO (27M) is turning into a real jerk...help!?
My boyfriend is too pure
Rekindled with my first love M[27] F[28] during quarantine period.
My (27F) boyfriend (27M) is turning into a total jerk...help?!
My boyfriend [23M] for 2 years says that a voice in his head tells him that he doesn’t actually love me [22F].
21 [M4F] CEBU FUBU/ONS/FWB
My [24F] boyfriend [21M] told me he wanted to learn my language but is now making almost no effort to do so
(27f)(29m) My husband doesn’t care about me being upset because it’s happened “so often”.
I broke up with my boyfriend and immediately regretted it
Girlfriend got extremely upset when she noticed I changed my lockscreen wallpaper (M21,F20)
My(27f) bf (27m)(3mo) said I'm trying to control what he can joke about because I told him to not joke about us having anal sex
MIL (F59) keeps trying to spoon-feed me (M28)
Got ghosted after buying him stuff for his place and staying over [23F]
My (16F) best friend's (16F) mother (50sF) has a stage 3 form of cancer, how can I support my best friend through this?
I declared myself (23M) to someone (24M). We are just friends
"I don't want sex, but I'm really into our sex"
Maybe I just grew up in a different time. Eveyybody games but me.
I [23F] ended it with [24M] due to red flags, he seemed depressed/devastated afterwards, and we work together. He wants to be friends eventually, but I don’t think I can be his friend after this. Should I tell him I want to go no contact now, and how do I handle this at work?
Rekindled w my first love
I [16M] am concerned about my relationship with a girl I’ve been dating [15F] and am looking for advice.
My (25f) bf (25) (3mo)says I'm trying to control what he jokes about when I repeatedly tell him to not joke about anal sex.
"I don't want sex, but I'm really into our sex"
Girl (16F) said Idk after I (17M) asked her to meet
I [16M] am concerned about my relationship with a girl I’ve been dating [15F] and am looking for advice.
My boyfriend opened up to me about his mental health last night and his struggle with quarantine, has anyone else felt this or can help me understand?
I am almost positive my 18yo sister has BPD. How can I convince her to get help?
I’m [18] f got in a fight with my [19] m boyfriend in front of his [18] m friend. I keep instigating fights and I think I’ve caused a toxic relationship.
I am almost positive my 18yo sister has BPD. How can I convince her to get help?
Best way to get stuff back from my ex with minimal contact?
My [19 TM] friends [24M] [20'sM] are still mad at me.
Reasons Why Being Single Is A Good Thing
I[22m] think I was sexually assaulted by my [23f]roommate
[M/23] My mom [F/57] is getting sick of the way I'm behaving.
I (21M) broke her (21F) heart because of anger
[M/23] my mom [F/57] is getting sick of me acting depressed in life
My boyfriend's (28) mom slept in the same bed as him after I (23) got kicked to a different room.
My boyfriend (28) slept in the same bed as his mom after I got kicked out to a different room.
How much bad behaviour and hurtful treatment should I [19 NB] excuse from my girlfriend [18 F] due to mental health issues?
In previous relationships, what was a moment that made you realise maybe they weren’t as good as you thought?
Me(26M) and my girlfriend(25F) are splitting up after 7 years and I need some suggestions for a good read
I (21M) broke her (21F) heart because of my anger
“almost” relationships
How do I [M22] tell her [F20] I don’t want to be an option or second choice
I (26M) feels like something is missing from my relationship with my girlfriend (22F)
mixed feelings towards vagina
My [22F] dad [39M] is daring someone [26F] from my high school
I am a 35 year old female who is caught up witnessing a situation of love, lies, money and manipulation. A 66 year old man is involved.
Good books or articles to read for someone who just had a 7 year relationship collapse on top of them
Girlfriends friend (20 F) lied about my girlfriend (19 F) cheating on me (20 M), and admitted she lied recently. How can I ensure that her friend does not do this again?
I [22M] hurt my best friend's feelings [29F] and it seems we're not going to talk anymore. I need advice on how to deal with a friendship breakup
I broke a heart because of my anger
20M falling for my best friend (20F)... again...
I (26M) think something is missing in my relationship with my girlfriend (22F), need advice
My [22F] dad [40M] is dating somebody [25F] from my high school
I am a 35 year old female with an issue that has to do with love, lies, money and manipulation. A 66 year old man is involved.
How many people do 16 year olds usually date?
My boyfriends (24M) sister (30F) constantly talks bad behind my back
Me [30F] wants to break up with BF [27M] because I’m in love with my ex [32M] who’s about to get married
Me [23M] am being used a backup by a girl [22F]. Need advise on how to proceed with this?
[UPDATE] Read signs wrong, did a stupid thing, how to deal with excruciating embarrassment and wounded pride?
[UPDATE] Read signs wrong, did a stupid thing, how to deal with excruciating embarrassment and wounded pride?
My {20F} crush {20M} 'confessed' to me when I just got into a relationship {18M}
My (M17) dad (M52) gets extremely upset when my mom (F57) and I talk about his health
My (M17) dad (M52) gets extremely upset when either me or my mom (F57) talk about his health
I'm in love with a ladies' man
My family disowned me and kicked me out. I'm 17 years old! I want to get back home.
Down about life
How to [19m] get over my gf [20f] sleeping with her boss [34m]?
Is anyone truly genuine?
Do you REALLY want to get to know that person?
How do you think a relationship like this will fare in the long run?
Keeping your ex/es pics, videos, letters cards, etc anything that has something to do with them
What should I do in a weird relationship
Guy I was seeing/best friend (40) cheated with me (30) for THREE years. He has a long term gf I had no idea about. He said he fell for me. Is that possible?
Girl (16F) said idk after I (17M) asked her to meet up
My boyfriend's video game addiction is tearing us apart
I just rushed my boyfriend to the ER and trying to process what the fuck is going on, as I'm stuck outside just waiting.
I [21] MALE feels confused about things with my friend who is a female [22] , we been friends every since 2015-2016
My boyfriend (22M) doesn't like the idea of me (22F) to use a UID
How can I (16/M) get closer to my sister (14/F)?
My bf thinks I make stuff up to be right all the time
I [32m] overheard my girlfriend [32f] tell her sister [27f] that she is "dating down" being with me because she makes more money than me... and is "surprised that I don't have roommates" I make 135k a year she makes 205k.
How to define emotional cheating and highlight its significance to a partner? Do you personally believe in its concept? If your partner does not or doesn't know much about it or its significance, how would you try to convince them its significant?
I [21] MALE feels confused about things with my friend who is a female [22] , we been friends every since 2015-2016
How do you think a relationship like this will fare in the long run?
I’m 13/m and I can’t figure out what to do with my dad.
Male 23 Female 22, we known each other for around 5 years
I [28 M] am unsure how to proceed with my FWB [30 F]
Me (25f) having a hard time making friends
Why did a guy cheat WITH ME for THREE years whilst he had a long term girlfriend all along. U had NO idea about her. He said he fell for me. Is that even possible. Read details and advise please. Thank you :( I’m so hurt.
Living with my [F 26] brother [33] during lockdown has made me realize how toxic he can be when upset. How do I help him?
I (25F) found the one too early and don’t know what to do.
I [22M] want to break up with my gf [22F] of 2.5 years but don’t have the balls to do it and can’t commit
I (27F) decided to move out of my parent's, my mother is mad
Lessons I learned as a 33M suffering a painful rejection from 29F
My (19F) mum (47F) has had an affair for nearly a decade and her lover is threatening to post exposing photos of her online
How do you think a relationship like this will fare in the long run?
I (25F) found the one too early and don’t know what to do.
Why do my 22(M) boyfriends male friends always talk about the size of his penis?
My [23/F] boyfriend [26M] has a lying problem
How important is sex for you in a relationship?
My (39F) friend (36M) withdrew the benefits a week ago; how do I save the friendship?
I’m (25f) having difficulties making friends.
I (19f) met someone online (21m) who I really like, but I don't know how to get my parents on board.
This guy cheated WITH me for three years I had. I idea he had a long term girlfriend! I had NO idea he had a girlfriend. He said he fell for me. Did he care at all. Is that even possible? I’m so hurt.
I (29F) have anxiety since having my first kid. My partner (35M) tells me I have mental issues when I ask for alone time.
My (29M) BF has untreated mental illness and it is killing me (26F)
How to split pet costs
My (19F) mum (47F) has had an affair for nearly a decade and her lover is threatening to post exposing photos of her online
How many men or woman on here hide their porn/masturbation habits from their spouses?
My [28M] girlfriend [26F] of 1 year had a serious surgery and is now pushing me away. Not sure what to do.
I'm (F19) not sure if I'm being a bad person by forgiving my boyfriend's (M19) confession?
How to split pet costs
My boyfriend broke up with me and blocked me when I asked for space. I wish I could apologize for not seeing his POV. I feel abandoned. Help?
My (39F) friend (36M) withdrew the benefits a week ago; how do I save the friendship?
I [33 M] decided to break my longest friendship of 20+ years with my [34 M] best friend.
Adult child discovered dad cheating on mom for 8+ years
I(22M) got creeped out by a comment my brother(20M) made about my Grandpa(85M) today at his birthday party
Do I [25M] need to meet my brother's [29M] girlfriend's [26F] parents?
Adult child discovered dad cheating on mom for 8+ years
Argue worth of breakup?
Me [45M] with my girlfriend [42 F] of 3+ years, found out she still has her 4 year old online dating profile active - do I confront, snoop, or just play it low and wait to see?
My (26F) boyfriend (31M) has been having a secret affair, but I'm the side piece?!
My 18M girlfriend 19F really doesn't like my best friend 18F but always denies it.
I [F 26] met this great new guy but i cant stop thinking about my ex. Please help
Argue worth of breakup?
My (F27) Friend's (F27) Dad Passed Away and I Don't Know How To Help Her
Did I Emotionally Cheat On My Ex?
I’m (18F) going to be reunited with my childhood crush (19M) at college in the fall
I [20M] am losing respect for my brother [23M]
Is it wrong to talk to each one of my friends with thier personality ?
What went wrong [23F] he left and i don’t know what i did
My mom doesn't believe I am severely lactose intolerant and sneaks dairy into my food to "test" me - How do I get her to stop without making her angry?
My (F27) Friend's (F27) Dad Passed Away and I Don't Know How To Help Her
I’m (18F) going to be reunited with my childhood crush (19M) at college
Did I Emotionally Cheat On My Ex?
Is it wrong to talk to each one of my friends with thier personality ?
How should I approach my fears about my girlfriend (F/20) and I's (M/19) relationship during quarantine?
How do I (26F) remain balanced, yet show interest without coming across obsessive; or did I already mess up with him (29M)?
My (F19) boyfriend (M19) did something really awful years ago and I'm scared it means he's a bad person?
My (F27) Friend's (F27) Dad Passed Away and I Don't Know How To Help Her
Is it wrong to talk to each one of my friends with thier personality ?
I want to be Attractive not cute
How do I leave a toxic 2 year relationship if I love him to much ?
I (25F) have a hard time to move on from my ex (35M)
Former fling is being very hot and cold. I hate social media
I'm not sure what should present for my wife on our second anniversary.
Former fling is being very hot and cold. I hate social media
Women: If a guy has cheated on you, or guys have cheated on you, have you not stopped to think that maybe the problem is not them -- but YOU?
How to define emotional cheating and highlight its significance to a partner? Do you personally believe in its concept? If your partner does not or doesn't know much about it or its significance, how would you try to convince them its significance? Any advice for my situation?
How to define emotional cheating and highlight its significance to a partner? Do you personally believe in its concept? If your partner does not or doesn't know much about it or its significance, how would you try to convince them its significance? Any advice for my situation?
Amazing family and friends... can't seem to fit in sometimes... it's hard out here I try to keep my mind but I feel like I'm losing it by not voicing how I truly feel
I was snarky towards my girlfriend's exes and she broke up with me over it
I take back what I said during a fight
Need some advice
I(35M) am having issues guiding my daughter(17F) as a single dad
Did I just creeped her out?
Weird question i have been having my whole life
My boyfriend (M/21) wants me to get rid of my roommate( M/19) .
I [25m] was groped by a family friend [60sF] on a holiday last year. I've now been dis-invited from the next family holiday for "being rude" to this person.
Advice needed :(:(I’ve been seeing a guy for THREE YEARS and found out he cheated WITH Me behind his long term girlfriends back! I had no idea about her at ALL Did he even care about me like he says he does? So confused and hurt.
Terrible fight last night. Please give me [35/M] advice, and help me save my relationship with my fiancé [33/F].
My wife[36F] of 3 years, forbids me[31M] from passing wind or picking my nose when in the same room
I (22F) want to stop stalking his (28M) ex's on social media, it affects my mental health and makes me feel like a weirdo.
Meet someone New
does not texting back mean loss of interest
Can anyone relate to this relationship problem?
Attracted to taken men!
I (21F) am having some serious doubts about my boyfriend (22M) but I dont know if it means we should break up
Is being bipolar and on VA disability going to hurt dating prospects?
does not texting back mean loss of interest?
Meet someone New
Can anyone relate to this relationship problem
Me [22 M] with my friend [21 F] don't know how to go about giving this gift ..
My brother (25M) is sexually obsessed with me (24F) and always has been
My boyfriend wants me to get rid of my roommate
How can I learn to build relationships. Struggling with this
Did I just creeped her out?
My best friends boyfriend is trying to get rid of me even though I’ve done nothing wrong. Urgent I could really use the advice.
My [17F] long-distance bf [19M] is going through chemotherapy, I don't know how to support him emotionally
I can never tell if someone is interested in me or not and I always feel I miss clues never been in relationship
My (23m) roommates (20’sMMMF) don’t seem like they get along with my GF (21F)
before i turn to dark side , i just want an opinion from reddit, sorry for bad english
My dad wants me to get my masters but I’m worried
I think I [29 M] might be unhappy of my 2 years relationship with my girlfriend [24 F], but I don't know if I want a breakup especially during these times
My brother (25M) is sexually obsessed with me (24F) and always has been
How can a couple with different sex drive make it work and prevent frustration?
My [22F] ex-friend [27M] hates my guts for reasons I don't get and it seems that he's spreading rumors about me too
Girls have so many different compliments base on appearance, what do you call a guy though?
My brother [36M] kissed my wife [30F], and I [35M] feel deeply hurt by this.
Mental institutions or bust ?
Me [32 F] with my [37 F] roommate who lives with thick blinders and doesn't notice things
Sister [28f] said I'm [16m] "clingy". Am I really being clingy and how would I stop?
I (32M) am completely alone now, and I do not know what to do about it.
My (F23) boyfriend (M21) said he would do the same thing in relationship if he met another girl
My (F23) boyfriend (M21) said he would do the same thing in relationship if he met another girl
Yelling about COVID-19?
Should I [23F] give him another chance [26M]?
My [27F] gf is trying to push religion on me [32M]
I (22M) am really struggling with my partner’s (21F) desire to start an only fans
My (26NB) new friend (23M) makes game nights a bummer and I don't know how to proceed
My [19F] parents [49M/F] don't want my boyfriend [19M] in my bedroom?
my EA keeps pressuring me to speek to my EM who left for another man
My [19F] parents don't want my boyfriend [19] going in my bedroom?
My [16 M] mom [47 F] makes me feel bad by threatening to disown me and saying nasty things, she hates the fact that I'm gay
Am I overreacting emotionally? Me [37 F] with my mom [64 F] who got together with fam, straight up ignored me, leaving me to feel like crap again
I feel disrespected, and I need help phrasing my feelings to partner in calm healthy way
In love with a guarded man, should I tell him?
I (39f) have secretly decided to leave my husband (41m) even though things are good NOW, and I feel sad and guilty
In love with a guarded man, should I tell him?
I don’t know who to ask so I guess I’ll ask here...
I have a low sex drive but my bf does NOT
Awarded Settlement, Parent Spent Every Dime
This is kinda stupid but...
Saw a tweet that said ‘have we ever sat down and thought about why relationships only work if the guy is more invested than the girl or is that just something we accept’ (@anugov1) thoughts?
My (23F) boyfriend (22M) told me he might have came inside me 14 hours after we had sex, even though he knew I was supposed to ovulate the day we had sex
Would you accept this apology?
My sociopath ex BF (35M) loves to torture me (23F) at work
Does my friend ,who judged me having an affair with my friend who then became her boyfriend, deserve forgiveness?
My sociopath ex BF (35M) loves to torture me (23F) loves to torture me at work
Low sex drive and high sex drive couples
Relationship trouble
Suffering from bad mental health during lockdown and not getting the support I need from my boyfriend- any help , advice or thoughts welcome 🙏🏻
Boyfriend (22 M) thinks he might have came inside me (23F) during sex
Having trouble
I (29F) had to hold my daughter (4F) down to rinse acrylic paint out her eye and want to deal with the resulting trauma.
How do I (23F) work with my sociopath ex BF (34M)?
Ended 20 year marriage. Was he messing with my mind the whole time?
How long shall I wait?
Not getting what I need from my partner during covid-19 lockdown - last hope - need advice
I (39m) am done with my wife’s (31f) cats. She is not done with them.... this is a problem.
My friend's apology?
My friend (?) admits feelings for me and I’m not sure if I handled it properly
Boyfriend likes to stare at naked girls in movies every chance he gets
My son(14M) has become obsessed with fictional characters.
Boyfriend [30 M] and I [27 F] are not speaking, and his birthday is on Thursday.
Should I [22F] be worried about my boyfriend [25M] making plans to meet up with girls when he'll be abroad?
How do I (26F) apologize get over my over-reaction to this situation, upsetting my boyfriend (24M)?
I lost her trust to keep her safe
Break-up has me confused - Want to avoid having deep scars for future relationships
My (22f) boyfriend (22m) ignored lockdown and let someone in our house.
Friend and I [both F29] have text conversation that leaves me SO CONFUSED
My (22f) boyfriend (22m) let someone in our house
Need help establishing healthy opposite-sex friendship boundaries in a new relationship
My son(14M) has become obsessed with fictional characters.
I just don´t understand what is happening between my friend and I (both F29)?
My (28F) childhood best friend (27F) got very upset when I mentioned a possibly cancerous spot on her skin. It's two years later and I don't know if she ever had it taken care of or if it's my place to ask, but it keeps me up at night
Met an amazing guy..... but I’m the problem
I (M37) Just Found Out My Friend (F38) is Cheating on Her Husband (M65)
Me (24m) and her (20f) had feelings for each other for a while already
I’ve met someone amazing..... and I’m the problem.
We Started A YouTube Channel
I (27F) think I want to leave my BF (25M) after almost 4 years but I feel trapped here? I'm not even sure I want to?
My (27M) friend (22F) is dealing with someone with depression. What advice should you give to someone dealing with a person with depression?
My fiancée (26F) thinks she and an acquaintance are in love. I (M28) think she might be unwell.
I (24M) confessed to her (20F)
Working with mostly females and the resulting sexual tension and manipulation.
My boyfriend [25 M] for 3 years has physically cheated on me [23 F]
My partner [24/M] and I [24/F] taking a break because of a small misunderstanding that escalated so quickly
My boyfriend's video game addiction is tearing us apart
Need help in relationships/starting relationships. M(19) Bi.
Close friend [22M] wants to get me [22F] an expensive birthday present that I'm uncomfortable with
Should I talk to him
Should I talk to him?
My partner [24/M] and I [24/F] taking a break because of a small misunderstanding that escalated so quickly
Fiancée’s mom never took her to the doctor
rant
My boyfriend for 3 years has physically cheated on me.
Trying to get into a relationship.
My first ex girlfriend (24F) messages me (24M) for the Covid19
My(28F) boyfriend (26M) is addicted to porn
We Started A YouTube channel
More than friends?
What advice should you give to someone dealing with a person with depression?
[Long-ish] Should I[18 M] unfollow my ex GF[17 F] on social medias?
More than friends (?)
Was I too impatient?
My fwb (27m) told me he has feelings for me (23f) finally and now idk what to do?
My friend (M 45) yr old apparently toying with me (F 35) how do I stop this...
We Started A YouTube Channel
Can I make him feel like himself?
How to not be toyed with by a guy friend? He's lying too apparently...
Tips for moving in with girlfriend
Tips for moving in with Girlfriend
I (23F) am starting to feel weird about the age gap with my boyfriend (33M) of five years.
Sil staying with us so I might have to leave
SIL staying with us and I might have to leave
Is it weird if I send my best friend some sweets/desserts at her work?
Is it weird if I send my best friend some sweets/dessert at her work?
If my ex still isn't reaching out to our kids or seeing them on a regular basis, should I reach out and tell him to?
GF (22) pays way more attention to her male roommate than she does to me
Why am I (18M) still not over my ex (19F) who left me for someone else 8 months ago
Reach out to ex for closure [27M]?
I [f/27] think my partner [m/28] and I are too anxious to continue dating each-other?
19F, don’t know how to feel about him
Very complicated: A boy seems to like me and I struggle a lot with feelings
I [32 F] am disappointed/worried with how my partner [31 M] is handling lockdown
Confused. Am I in the Wrong?
My (f23) boyfriend (m22)isn't considerate about my feelings how can i let him know
I (23F) and my ex (M28) agreed to being FWB but now he’s getting controlling?
My (m27) girlfriend (f24) constantly gets upset with me
My (f23) Bf (m22) isn't considerate towards me how can i let him know how I'm feeling
am i a terrible person?
I (17 F) resent my sexist parents (47 F and 49 M)
Confused. Am I in the Wrong?
Gf (25f) insisted on playing the celebrity pass game knowing it made me (24m) uncomfortable
Having doubts about marrying my (28M) girlfriend (26F)
[31F] How are single people supposed to meet anyone new if social distancing is the norm until there's a vaccine?
TV Time
Boyfriends cat is sick- no communication
How do I (19m) get over my ex (20f) in a healthy way?
Fiancé still checks up on exes/flings social media posts, like it’s some kind of “trophy book”. (31m)(27f)
I want to get clarity on whether my GF is being honest with me
My (27M) gf (24F) just discovered she still has feelings for her ex
My (21/F) boyfriend (20/M) has a lot of girls on his DM’s
Should I (19F) break up with my boyfriend (23M)? (Distance relationship)
Partner decided he wants to live in CA
My GF (27) told me (M 34) a few nights ago she wasn't in love with me anymore.
Is it okay to ask my partner to text me without doing anything else (sometimes)?
Help! I don’t want to move to California
Anyone else feel permanently damaged by their parents? How do I get past it?
how to start a relationship with your partner again with new start
My (24F) boyfriends (23M) second parents (57F, 60M) made rude comments all night.
I (23F) am always scared he(25m) will cheat on me again
Please offer advise about my relationship.
I don't know how to deal with a scheduled break-up
I'm still in love with my ex, please help
I [23M] have been DMing / Snapping this girl [21F] for a few weeks. We finally met for the first time, had a fantastic time. The next morning she had me blocked on all socials.
boyfriend at the time pushed me into sex
My [30f] partner [30m] thinks "swearing can be ok if once in a while". I hate swearing. Thoughts?
boyfriend at the time pushed me into sex
I'm not sure about my relationship. It's giving me headaches and need help.
I'm still in love with my ex, please help
I want to get certainty whether my GF is not being honest with me.
[31F] How are single people supposed to meet anyone new if social distancing is the norm for the next two years?
boyfriend at the time pushed me into sex
M(18) in a very happy 7 month relationship with F(18) girlfriend but recently been having mutal feelings for a friend F(18)
Ex [M24] cheated on me [F22]
My [30f] partner [32m] thinks swearing can be normal. Is it?
My [30F] partner [32F] thinks swearing at each other can be normal. Is it?
Found out that ex [M24] cheated on me [F22]. Feeling down and hurt.
My [33/M] best friend [33/M] isn't allowed to hang out with me and my GF [26/F] when his girlfriend [29/F] is at work
Having sexual thoughts about my best friend who's going through a huge problem
The “real you”?
How do I (18F) communicate with a condescending sister (20s)?
Sleeping in
Introvert Struggling with Extrovert
Unsure if I should leave husband
Introvert Struggling with Extrovert
Unsure what to do
My [33/M] best friend [33/M] said I can't bring my GF [26/F] with me when his GF [29/F] is at work
Dealing with ambivalence in difficult relationship
My boyfriend hates me because i lack a sexual attraction for him.
How do I(21M) approach my partner(21F) with something different after a long fight when she doesn’t want to talk to me or about that thing anymore?
Dealing with ambivalence in difficult relationship
Dealing with ambivalence in difficult relationship
I (28F) left my (30M) husband today
My (22f) husband (24m) is a slob.
I’m 20(M) and want to burn my ex-girlfriend’s letters. But i feel it’s morally wrong. Help me please
I (30M) am missing my old relationship, even though I know I shouldn't.
I left my husband with no backup plan
help needed
I (30M) am missing my old relationship, even though I know I shouldn't.
I just needed to share this
I (M18) dont want kids but she (F20) wants at least 1
My (25F) long distance girlfriend (29F), wants to sleep with other people because she is lonely, while staying in a relationship with me?
Am I (24F) supposed to be worried or angry at him (24M) for lying about his past?
I (M18) dont want kids but she (F20) wants at least one
Found out that the guy (27m) ive (25f) been talking has a long term girlfriend
SO withdrew and ask for space (weeks) because he’s feeling overwhelmed with work. Is this normal?
I (M18) dont want kids but she (F20) wants at least one
What can we do if one of us doesnt want kids but the other one wants them?
My [34 M] wife [29 F] of 3 years dirty danced with my colleague [35 M] and I had a flip out. Am I over-reacting?
When/what was the *lightbulb* moment that you realised you were better off after a breakup you never thought you would recover from?
When/what was the *lightbulb* moment that you realised you were better off after a breakup you never thought you would recover from?
Is tinder actually good for long term relationships?
I’m 21 (M). I have been thinking about burning my ex-girlfriend’s letters. But somewhere I feel it’s ‘morally wrong’ to do that. Don’t know why I feel this. Can anyone please help me?
Videogame toxicity
I’ve been thinking of burning my ex’s letters to me. But somewhere I feel it’ll be “morally wrong” for me to do that. Dunno why. What do you guys think?
Am I being ghosted?
Videogame toxicity
Male (17) female (17) (3 months ) first post sorry it’s so long 😬
I (24M) think I have text anxiety with my girlfriend (23F)
Videogame toxicity
First time posting sorry it’s so long 😬
I(22) am being blackmailled and abused my once friend(26) now a molester claims he has my nudes. I have an idea to get rid of him.
Am I (25M) barking up the wrong tree (21M)? (New relationship)
Videogames
GF [23f] broke up with me [24m] out of the blue and I'm devastated...
I (19F) asked my boyfriend (18M) how his mental health was doing, has anyone ever felt this before and can help me understand?
Can you ladies help me out. Please.
Dumper ex wants to remain friends despite me being at fault for the breakup?
Am I barking up the wrong tree?
I (21f) kicked my best friend (21f) out of my life when she constantly put boys and relationships first. Did I do the right thing?
Partners who always say they are going to do something but never do.
Can you ladies help me out. Please.
The usual ‘why is my boyfriend liking all these posts’ question. I don’t know how to feel?
Me[F19] and my bf[M18] broke up 2months ago. I think it’s a case of right person, wrong time.
GF [23f] broke up for personal development
I need help to get away from my abusive father
Cutting off a "friendship"
Cutting off a "friendship"
Should I (F20) leave my boyfriend (M20) if he isn't sure if he did something terrible?
I am in a abusive releationship and need help
What do I do now?
I just want to date a cute Christian boy
What do I do now?
is it okay for my(18f) boyfriend(19m) to keep talking to a girl he knows is interested in him?
Do you sleep alone?
is it normal for my (18f) boyfriend(19m) to keep talking to a girl he knows is interested in him?
I feel like I’m going to die a single virgin
The usual ‘my boyfriend likes photos of girls’ question that I desperately need answering!
What does mean when a girl says: Do you sleep alone?
Does it sound like I (32m) can truly trust that my long-term gf (31f) doesn’t feel down wish it had worked out with her ex?
Girlfriend (23F) ignores me (23M) and treats me like a stranger after arguments or when she gets upset
How do I [25M] break up with my dependent and depressive girlfriend [28F] of 5 years
I (23F) accidentally said 'Play with my cock' while having phone sex with my boyfriend (28M)
Am I looking for reasons or is this a reason?
I (23F) accidentally said 'Play with my cock' while having phone sex with my boyfriend (28M)
I (19F) asked my boyfriend (18M) how his mental health was doing, has anyone ever felt this before and can help me understand?
Why do I stay in a relationship where I know it’s toxic and I’m constantly unhappy?
I (17/F) (FAMILY SCAPEGOAT) HAVE BEEN DEALING WITH REGULAR EMOTIONAL ABUSE FROM MY PARENTS AND YOUNGER BROTHER (13) DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO GO ABOUT WITH IT?
MY YOUNGER BROTHER WHO IS 13, KEEPS ASKING ME TO KILL MYSELF(17F/ FAMILY SCAPEGOAT) AND MY FAMILY DOES NOTHING ABOUT IT
Boyfriend (35M) won’t post me (23F) on his Instagram because he views it as “unprofessional” even after five years together
On again off again relationships, do they ever work out in the end?
Snooped and found out my boyfriend has warts
I(26M) gave my GF(24F) an ultimatum
I (m20) am feeling insecure after my (f20) girlfriend reached out to a sugar daddy
My boyfriend (M29) and I (F25) of just over 2yrs are going to couple's counselling tomorrow. I am beyond anxious and I don't know what to ask, say, or be prepared for
Am I overreacting?
My (21F) mum (42F) keeps commenting on my weight and it's really starting to affect me.
Quarantine problems
I gave her an ultimatum and I regretted it.
My (31m) gf (31f) had a very sexual affair with her parents’ next door neighbour years ago. He’s a family friend and I have to be around him and feel very strange about it all.
Narcissistic ex keeps making profile public and then private?
(28F) saw BF (27M) archiving Whatsapp messages with a female work friend mid-conversation
Narcissistic ex keeps making Instagram public and then private?
I (20F) am feeling heartbroken and really sad because my (24M) boyfriend doesnt want to see me today
Quarantine problems?
I (m20) feel very insecure after my gf (f20) reached out to a sugar daddy
Should I stay with him or do I walk away?
I still love with my manipulative ex and can’t figure out how to let it go for the sake of my new relationship
I'm a 22(m) attractive virgin. Never really socialised with girls
I [16F] am worried about blocking an online "friend" [19M]
Upset because I got pressured into showing my boobs on videochat - I made a mistake
My (26F) husband (27M) has feelings for someone he can’t have.
How to mentally cope with being pressured into showing my boobs? I made a mistake
I'm (m32) seeing someone(f26) kind, caring, and sweet but worried we don't share enough for the long haul
My (24/f) long distance boyfriend (29/m)told me “it scares me how much I love you.” Not sure how I should interpret this?
Need help with family matter
21 (MTF?), don’t know if (M) friend likes me and don’t know if I like him, never been good with emotions. Anyone have any explanations?
Wrestling with what matters most and how I (m32) can have a conversation with her(f26) about it while we're apart for quarantine
My (38M) wife (38F) has been having an affair, and I don’t have anyone to talk to.
My [M16] friend [F16] wants me to spend more time with her than my girlfriend [F16]
I am unable to decide if I me or GF is being unreasonable? (Or both of us are?)
Is it just for work or he has feelings for me?
I don’t know if my friend is interested or just bullying me
I had a secret fling with my professor in college. Was it actually out of line?
Help
How do I (20F) respond to my boyfriend's (21M) "don't tell me what to do" ?
I want to have sex but why doesnt my body want it as well?
Partner and I are struggling finding time to spend together and activities we both like while sheltering in place, what are ideas of things we can do together?
How do I [M16] deal with my clingy friend [F16] ? I feel like I can’t leave because I am the only person she relies on
My (38M) wife (38F) has been having an affair, and I have no one to talk to
First Time in Bed M25 F25
Will the real Norma Bates (psycho) please stand up... for the love of God woman, PLEASE stand up! 🤷
How to break the cycle of bad dates? (F26)
First Time in Bed Etiquette?? M21 F21
[24M] My [24F] girlfriend broke up with me because I am not expressing my feelings
Why does he (28/m) not like hanging out with me (24/f) alone?
How to break cycle of bad dates?
I had a secret fling with my professor in college. Was it actually out of line?
How do I (20F) respond when my boyfriend (21F) says "don't tell me what to do" when that wasn't my intention?
Am I too old for him? Me 37F Him 24M
Got completely blindsided by a friend of mine, and not really sure how I should be feeling about it
Finally considering divorce
Got completely blindsided by a friend of mine, and not really sure how I should be feeling about it
Finally considering divorce
I [22m] met a guy [19m] online and after facetiming almost daily for almost 2 months I don't know how to proceed
Should I keep in touch with someone for professional reasons despite my personal feelings about them?
Ghosted Twice in One Night
Should I [F25] break up with my fiancé [M28]?
Boyfriend (19m) stopped video calling me (23f) because he "doesn't like how he looks"
Should I [F25] break up with my fiancé [M28]?
8 months after breakup I (M.22) still find myself awake at 1:30am thinking about her (F.22)
I (30F) am considering not seeing another couple my boyfriend (32M) and I are friends with because of how he makes me feel around them.
Should I break up with my fiancé?
How do I get over an ex?
Wife tells her husband that a man spoiling their daughter with his money is a "right of passage" to girls. Do you agree?
How do I get over an ex?
I (15M) am not able to befriend or have a romantic relationship with any woman
Bf (27M) doesn’t like hanging out with me (28F) but doesn’t want to breakup
Ideas for cheering up/comforting GF
Ideas for cheering up/comforting GF
Fiancee (29M) lost another job, myself (25F) is tired of it, and wanting input what to do?
Is he [21/m] trying to hookup with me [21/f]?
My dad wants a divorce
Feeling guilty for Ghosting someone
Ghosted a girl I was talking to
Is he (21/m) tryna to hookup with me(21/f)?
How do you men feel about texting in a relationship?
complicated post breakup
when did you realise you were in love with them?
I’m (19F) married, across the country from my family/friends, and miserable.
She Had Me Fooled... Me [22 M] Still can't get over my [26 F] Ex, I think about her while I bang other girls!
Should I get back together with my ex or move on?
I (20F) have a crush on my friend (21M). Am I just lonely? What do I do?
when did you realise you were in love with them?
My (28M) mother (49F) is mad at me because my charger broke
complicated
Girlfriend(17F) said something tonight that is making me(20M) feel alone and misunderstood with my chronic pain
Lessons learned from former relationships can assist later
What are the lessons learned from your former relationships ?
My mother is mad at me because my charger broke
Are my insecurities valid?
My (M21) girlfriend (F22) dismisses me whenever I get upset and I don’t know what to do anymore.
Separation
Are you guys having sex?
Me (30f) with my partner of 6 1/2 years (31m): he says that he will marry me “because I want” after the upcoming (hard professional) year, although marriage is “meaningless” to him.
My best friend [F 17] and I [M 18] confessed feelings for each other but aren’t going to date
Are you guys having sex?
My own family despises me, and I don't know if I can take it anymore
My best friend [F 17] and I [M 18] confessed feelings for each other but aren’t going to date
Redditors that gave their partner a second chance after cheating, how did it go? Do you regret giving that second chance?
Girlfriend (17M) said something today in an argument that is making me (20M) feel alone with my chronic pain.
She Had Me Fooled... Me [22 M] Still can't get over my [26 F] Ex, I think about her while I bang other girls!
Redditors that gave their partner a second chance after cheating, how did it go? Do you regret giving that second chance?
He (25m) told me (19f) to “behave”
My (M21) girlfriend (F22) is very dismissive and I don’t know what to do.
I always get hurt
He told me to “behave”
American (31F) wife fighting with Indian (32M) husband
Girlfriend mad that I accepted friend request from her friend
I [17M] am still in love with my ex [17M] who dumped me for another of my exes
I (F30) started dating a guy (M26) who moved away. Is there any chance our story goes somewhere?
I'm (27f) pregnant and my (25m) bf and I decided to keep it. I love him but I have some concerns about our relationship long term.
I always get hurt
Ex husband wife (30?) gave birth several weeks before me (33), just found out, weird head space.
How do I know if he’s really changed?
Guy [22M] always gets upset at seemingly random things I [19F] say?
My [23F] past negative sexual experiences are making me dread sex with my current bf [24M]. How can I work on this?
Girlfriend Reaction TOO strong?
I'm (27f) pregnant and my (25m) boyfriend and I decided to keep it. I love him but have concerns about our relationship long term
Girlfriend mad I accepted her friends request on FB
Cultural marriage issues American (31F) & Indian (32M)
I (21F) have realised that my dad (46M) is emotionally abusive towards my mom (42F)
I [22M] have no clue how to go about ending a relationship with my gf (22F) of 2.5 years that I am completely dependent upon
My girlfriend (24F) threw a Pusheen plush in the trash that I (24M) gave her
Does anyone have a relationship like the movies?
When trusting people you thought were your friends almost cost you your life. How to trust again? I (29M) am ready to trust again but how?
Am I required to attend a wedding that my boyfriend was invited to?
I [22M] plan to travel the world with GF [22F] after graduation
My (18f) high school sweetheart (20m) and I broke up tonight for seems to be forever and I am beyond heartbroken.
I (21F) realised that my dad (46M) is emotionally abusive towards my mom (42F)
Traveling the world with my girlfriend
Is occasional drug use a red flag in a future partner?
Weird Feelings Between Me (26m) and My GF (21f)
My girlfriend(24F) threw a teddy bear that I (24M) gave her
What's your story BEFORE you finally met the love of your life/ the one? Any advice for someone who is giving up on love?
Should occasional drug use a deal breaker?
Trust Issues?
Trust Issues?
Weird Feelings Between Me (26m) and My GF (21f)
How do I [21M] get over this mental barrier to make friends?
Me 37 M with my 37 F 11 years, she cheated.
Trust Issues?
Snapchat
How do I [21M] get over this mental barrier to make friends?
Found out that my gf wages is incredibly poor for her education, how do I handle this moving forward?
So, I (33M) moved to a new city, got dumped, then Corona happened and now I am stuck in an endless and lonely purgatory by myself in my apartment. How can I keep myself sane?
I'm falling in love with someone who I think is currently emotionally unavailable. Help
Dad (M. 62) may have a stroke within a year. I'm (F. 30) not sure how to respond.
Is my boyfriend Crazy? Should I be afraid?
How do you tell someone close to you that you don’t want them using you Netflix/Hulu account anymore?
My boyfriend (30s, M) never asks any questions about me (20s, F)
I (25M) am unable to move on from the character issues from the past of my girlfriend (26M). How can I?
My (26M) gf (22f) just cannot stop controlling me and it annoys me to the world
I don't know how to feel about my brother
I (25M) am unable to move over the character issues from the past of girlfriend (26F)
What part of the story is true? Does he (21M) seriously not remember details of the relationship with me (20F)?
I don't know how to feel about my brother
What do I (15M) do about my friend?(16m)
My boyfriend [23/M] and I [23/F] got into a fight over video games and now we're not talking.
My girlfriend gets irritated at every small thing and makes me feel like im being selfish or disrespectful. Is she being manipulative?
My wife cheated and somehow I am getting screwed?!
How do I get over her past?
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] holds grudges for ages and for no reason against our friends
I (21f) have been with my bf (23) for about 8 months and can't seem to fully open up to him
I (23F) got pregnant by a guy that I don’t speak to anymore. I don’t know if I should tell him.
I (23F) got pregnant by a guy that I don’t speak to anymore. I don’t know if I should tell him.
Wildest weekend of my life
I think I’m afraid of committing or maybe relationships????
I ghosted my online friend and I feel terrible
Am I toxic? Are you toxic? Let’s overthink together, shall we.
[M17] I like this girl
*disclaimer, this post is going to involve social media and terms used there* not sure if im still cool with one of my friends after he unfollows me on instagram
I am crazy about a guy I just met, but he moved away... Is there any chance between us?
Wife seems to hate our life together
*disclaimer, this post is going to involve social media and terms used there* not sure if im still cool with one of my friends after he unfollows me on instagram
I really like this girl, what should I do?
I like this girl
My (22M) Girlfriend (21F) secretly visited her ex
How do you know it's time to break up a relationship?
*disclaimer this has to do with social media* confusing instagram situation
*disclaimer this has to do with instagram and social media* confusing instagram situation
My[22M] girlfriend[24F] said that there are guys who can make her happier but she still doesn't want to break up with me
I accidentaly ghosted my online friend
My [18 M] girlfriend [18 F] occasionally relapses into depressive (?) episodes and is unduly scared of being a burden, any solutions?
Am I the asshole for sleeping with my ex's friend while broken up?
Boyfriend (22) no longer affectionate and acts like our relationship is going great but it’s not.
College student, ISO two couples to interview for research paper.
My (26F) ex boyfriend (28M) won't stop trying to contact me
Am I (28M) being unreasonable about my partner (28M) feeling neglected while I'm in the final weeks of the university semester working on major assignments and studying for tests?
TL: Need advice on how to be social again. My relationship are suffering because I have become a hermit and just want to be alone . I was alone in my apartment for two months because of the Covid-19 lockdown and it was very traumatic. I used to be a social butterfly. Want to be me again.
I [20M] am getting nervous about being with my [20F] girlfriend long term.
My ex won't stop trying to contact me
I (20F) Don’t know of I want to stay with my bf (21M) of 3 years
Couldn’t believe that the situation may get this wrong [Relationships][Divorce]
My relationship are suffering because I have become a hermit and just want to be alone . I was alone in my apartment for two months because of the Covid-19 lockdown and it was very traumatic. I used to be a social butterfly. How do I get back to where I was and become social again ?
Despise good friends gf, and I have not even met her yet
My bf (M56) wants to know if I’m (F63) active when having orgasms?
I’m not sure the best way to approach an old classmate I’ve never really spoken to. What do I do?
How do I get my crush off my mind?
What do boyfriends do?
spy on my cheating spouse
My boyfriend is using subreddits I asked him not to.
Friend (F25) is putting a strain on friendship group and my relationship with my husband.
Am I[18M] right to feel like I don't trust my boyfriend [23M]?
Gf tested me with a comment but ended up hurting me
He loves me but is worried about missing out.
Our friend (25f) is causing a strain on our friendship ground and my relationship with my husband.
10 years ago I broke up with my first love. To this day, I have never met someone I loved more. Anyone else regret leaving their first love?
My (25F) fiancé (27M) listens to my concerns about our lack of intimacy and then does nothing about it.
10 years ago I broke up with my first love. To this day, I have never met someone I loved more. It took me too long to realize that I had everything I needed, and now it's too late.
Advice for a year and a half relationship?
Normal or Not So Normal Boy Fight??
My (25f) boyfriend (35m) warned me that his attraction to me will diminish if I lose more weight
Hornier after losing virginity?
How to deal with being separated from my (17F) boyfriend (17M) during quarantine?
Normal Boy Fights???
Am I being a controlling girlfriend ?
I (21 f) believe my boyfriend (32m) of 1 year is emotionally cheating on me & I don’t know how to talk to him about it.
I want to start talking to a girl I used to go to school with but never really talked to, but I’m not sure what to say or how to approach it.
How to deal with being separated from my (17F) boyfriend (17M) during quarantine?
Should I [19M] let her [18F] back into my life?
We don’t just get to keep a relationship because we’re in one.
My (25f) boyfriend (35m) warned me that his attraction to me will diminish if I lose more weight
Struggling with not seeing my boyfriend due to social distancing
Success story of finding "the one" when you are older....?
My (20M) girlfriend (21F) wants me to delete all girls who I am not related too from social media and cut contact with them
Why do some people think it’s a red flag or an issue for two people to date when there is a 10 year age gap between them?
Bikini waxing
Why is it a red flag or any issue at all when two people 10 years apart in age date?
Read signs wrong, did a stupid thing, how to deal with excruciating embarrassment and wounded pride?
Bikini waxing
I'm (25f) really good at pushing him (30m) away
Bikini waxing
Guy friend acts kinda inappropriate with me when hes drunk (he has a gf)
Bikini waxing
Bikini waxing
25F started virtually dating 25M during quarantine but have a drinking problem. When do I tell him?
Feeling It A Bit Extra Today
Why does everyone who's ever ghosted me still watch my Instagram / FB Stories?
Feeling It A Little Bit Extra Today
My [19M] Girlfriend [18F] No longer loves me how she used to, and is falling for someone else, and much more.
My(17F) Girlfriend (17F) Mentioned Loving Her Ex Boyfriend - Red Flag!?!
Advice please
I (m27) constantly feel guilty about the opinion I hold of my GF (21)
Super Ex attraction secret
Help
Is it better to appear independent from your SO?
Need advice: Is this socially awkward or weird?
My Boyfriend's(23m) brother(13m) NEVER stops talking.. Ever.. HELP
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) of three years has never made me finish in bed
He (24m) ignored me text when I (24f) asked him to hangout
My (32M) favorite streamer(27F) has an abusive bf(30M) and I don't know what to do about it.
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) of three years has never made me finish in bed
Is it better to appear independent from your SO? How can i make my SO feel needed?
My(32M) favorite streamer's(27F) bf(33M) mentally abuses her on livestream
He (24m) never responded when I (24f) asked him to hangout
Why won’t he have sex with me? [22F] [24m] 8-year relationship
Question: Am I to sensitive and unstable like my bf is accusing? Or is he the problem?
Why won’t he have sex with me? [24m][22f] been together 8years.
Am I over thinking?
I can't stop thinking about my ex and all the mistakes I made...
We're both grown adults, should it matter that we're related? (27M) and (46F)
Is there some something wrong with me?! [22F] [24M]
My (31) girlfriend (21) does not trust me and wants to break up.
I want to understand why my boyfriend says that he doesn’t like to comfort me
Telling an old fwb that I've gained weight
Telling an old fwb that I've gained weight?
Is it weird that I like to be sad
Feeling really confused and hurt at what my boyfriend (M 21) has been doing behind my back and I (F 21) have no idea where to go from here
We're both grown adults, should it matter that we're related?
Married the Wrong Guy?
My partner is ignoring me
Am I crazy? Bf calls me a psycho. I would just like to talk 5 min about myself...
My partner has been ignoring me
I [20m] am losing interested in my girlfriend anymore [20f] High school sweethearts
Is there sometime wrong with me? Am I doing something wrong? (22f) (24m)
I [20m] am losing interested in my girlfriend anymore [20f] High school sweethearts
I [f/26] called 911 to my neighbor's house. Was this an appropriate use of 911?
Do I [F20] have the right to be offended at what my boyfriend [M24] told me?
My (31) girlfriend (21) wants to breakup because she does not trust me.
I (21F) Miss My Boyfriend (27M). I Feel Alone.
is there something wrong with me?
Am I being too pushy?
My (M,21) girlfriend (F, 30) constantly makes me feel bad about myself.
I (34m) don’t know how to react to my wife’s (32f) statement about her prenup.
My wife (f37) says my (m39) lack of confidence is killing our relationship and her attraction for me.
Am I (20F) wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend (29M) because of his reaction to me going away?
I (17m) feel like my girlfriend (17f) is guilting me
I have made a terrible mistake.
I Miss My Boyfriend and I Feel Almost Alone
Am I a crazy delusional boyfriend?
I (17m) feel like my girlfriend (17f) is guilting me
Boyfriend (32M) has stipulations for marriage. I'm (28F) curious what others think of this.
MY BESTFRIEND (21F) CUT ME OFF (20F) BECAUSE OF A MISUNDERSTANDING , mental health trigger warning
I (34m) don’t know how to react to my wife’s (32f) statement about her prenup.
My (34f) is making me (31m) change my life for the environment
ME (M22) HOPING TO FIND A JAPANESE GIRLFRIEND
I (17m) feel like my girlfriend (17f) is guilting me
R: Fiance has been showing signs of being manipulative; I'm hypersensitive about it due to past relationships; all talks about the issue with him have lead to nowhere; what do I do?
My bestfriend cut me off after a misunderstanding
Breakup?
He always takes ages to reply during lockdown
Why Would my Ex-Fiance Choose a Lying Friend Over Me?
Can two people from different countries work in the long run?
Frustrated with my BF (both 30s)- Would you accept this communication style?
My gf(25f) is making me(27m) change my life
my close friend minimises the struggles i go through as a WOC
My[M21] girlfriend[F21] dared me to shave my head and I did it. She broke up with me?
My[22M] girlfriend[21F] dared me to shave my head. I did it, and she broke up with me?
I (28M) want to give my coworker (28F) a digital drawing of her
Is it right to talk to this girl even if we’re both with someone?
I (25M) don't want to buy an engagement ring for my girlfriend (24F)
How do I get my guy to stretch?
How do I (24m) continue with this girl (22f) I really care for if she gets back with her abusive ex (25m)?
Am I settling at 19?
Need Advice
Am I settling at 19?
My (29F ) boyfriend (24M) is being really clingy and it's driving me crazy. What do I do ?
My (22F) FWB (37M) ghosted me for a month
Girl wants to be exclusive, but not date.
am i making this up? (TW: ab*se)
Is love actually real? I've never been in a relationship before.
My (21F) mother (58F) is completely fixated on criticizing my weight and eating.
rejected bc of their fear of intimacy
My (21F) mother (58F) has spent my entire life criticizing my weight due to her insecurities and I don't know what to do anymore.
I’m letting my bisexual GF explore other females.
Good relationships require work
I’m 30f, new bf 44m of 3 months moved in last week. Going great but received anonymous message from an ex saying he is abusive? At a loss
I’m letting my bisexual GF explore other females.
My (22F) FWB (37M) ghosted me
Maybe I [24f] am not built for a LDR.
Me [29F] with my girlfriend[28F] 6 months, I implied my girlfriends-friend is unattractive and hurt my girlfriends feelings. Is there any way to discuss this?
My husband (42m) is too stressed and I (32f) don’t know what else to do
M21 and my gf f26
M21 and my gf f26
Help me to know how to take this
what is the divider line of fornication and not?
I'm turning into a psycho girlfriend (25f) to my boyfriend (30m)
(21M) I'm in college. All of my friends vape and are addicted to nicotine products. They also are heavy drug users. And I literally mean all of them. I'm trying to quit and I don't really want that type of influence anymore but if I stop interacting with them I will no longer have any friends.
I (m43) think I am suffering from depression, how to find help and tell my wife (f40) and family?
I (32f) don’t know how to help my husband (42m)
I'm turning into a psycho girlfriend (25f) to my boyfriend (30m)
Girlfriend isn’t ready for sex
Looking for ideas to cheer up/comfort GF
Is my ex-girlfriend racist?
Ideas to cheer up/comfort GF
My intensity is ruining my relationship
I (24F) am still so awkward around my boyfriend’s (23M) friends.
Ideas for comforting/cheering up GF
Life of a slimy worm
Pretty sure I (25f) have seriously fucked up my relationship with my boyfriend (30m)
Meeting the parents? BF (30) has met GF (24) parents but I (24) have not met his?
LDR
Ideas for comforting GF
I feel like my dad's mistress turned wife hates me for no legitimate reason.
How do I (25F) cut contact with everyone in the least painful way possible?
Help - partner can’t make me orgasm
Left My Fiance After He Went Back on a Promise and Chose his Lying Friend Over Me
I [29F] asked my bf [38m] for an engagement timeline and he couldn’t give me an answer
I think I just ended my engagement...
Pursuing restraining order against unstable ex boyfriend
I [26 M] starting "seeing" someone [32 F] a month ago, and am struggling to gauge her interest in the pandemic dating world. Should I should hit the brakes or the gas?
I (28F) am always getting yelled at by my (40m) boyfriend
S.O.S. - I’m accidentally killing my relationship
What pill could she be taking and hiding from me?
Is there a polite way for me [30F] to ask best friend/roommate [30F] to move out of my house?
S.O.S. - I’m accidentally killing my relationship
Secretly taking pills and when confronted not wanting to tell me what they are
I [34F] did not communicate well with my boyfriend [36M] and feel like I messed up the relationship
How do I [34F] tell my roommate [26F] she's taking advantage of my family?
My (24F) boyfriend (20M) made me feel like he wasn't there for me when I needed him
Help on gf and snapchat score
My (F21) suicidal best friend (F21) is verbally abusing her boyfriend (M20). Is there anything I can do?
My(F24) twin brother (M24) hasn't talked to me in weeks after a stupid argument
Was I sexually assaulted or am I confused? [27f]
broke up with my bisexual ex girlfriend
My (32F) Ex (32M) reached out to me; is our conversation grounds for breaking up from my current partner (34M)?
Experiences with stopping to take the pill in a relationship ?
Sex related topic, am I being unreasonable? 28M and 25F. 5 year relationship.
Cant stop thinking about girls (me 17f my bf 18M)
BF (29M) broke up with me, now mad that I started trying to meet new people
Broke up with my bisexual ex girlfriend
I (19M) can't stop lying and cheating on my gf (24F)
I’m having some weird feelings of dislike/confusion toward my dad.
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) is rarely in the mood to have sex.
My child's father (26M) won't block the girl he cheated on me (26F) with
Is it time to call quits?
My (28m) boyfriend lost a long term ex to cancer 2 weeks ago. The way he’s grieving is making me (22f) feel insecure.
Is it inconsiderate/bad to visit my ex's place of work?
I (35f) am unsure how to proceed with my (38m) bf due to his inability to develop stronger feelings for me.
I cant stop thinking about girls while im in a relationhip w my bf Me 17F my bf 18M
Am I asking too much?
I (35f) am feeling somewhat uncertain of my relationship with my bf (39m) due to his inability to develop stronger feelings for me.
Can you live without you heart?
How can I (30F) stay friends with (33M) after marriage?
FWB (F ) cried
I(34/f) dreamt that I beat up an ex-friend(31/f) without restraint
My [27 M] boyfriend of two years read my emails [27 M] six months ago, I forgave him, now he's asked me to move in
I(20M) wish to be with my ex(19F), but I can’t trust her or any girl
Is my [23f] depressed friend [25f] toxic?
FWB (F) cried when i wanted to head on home
I feel on my own
GF(19f) never "accepts" compliments and just denies them
(28m)boyfriend of 7 months lost a long term ex to cancer 2 weeks ago. The way he’s grieving is making me (22f) feel insecure. Please help.
Am I asking too much?
Does it sounds Sociopath
My girlfriend doesn’t think she’s good enough for me and it’s ruining are relationship, at a loss what to do
Trying to eat healthy at home.....
I [18 M] broke up with my best ever girlfriend [19 F]
Problems...
I(34/f) dreamt that I beat up an ex-friend(31/f) with no restraint
S/O and our eating habits are hurting our relationship
Englishman visits an old friend in Russia but doesn't wanna go near her
My girlfriend thinks she isn’t good enough for me and it’s ruining our relationship
Eating healthy with my S/O
I [M17] constantly think about her [F16] everyday.
TRYING to eat healthy with my S/O.....
My fiancé [24m] has been diagnosed with multiple chronic illnesses, its make me [22f] second guess
How can I fix this?
How to get over it?
22F broke up with me (24M with mod depression/anxiety)
Do cheaters stay cheaters?
Did my (32M) girlfriend (32F) of 1-year really stop loving me that quickly?
I'm struggling to talk to people
The guy (30,M) I'm seeing (F,28) kept bringing up my roommate (F,28) on our third date.
I need help gf and snapchat
Should I (28F) believe that my bf (18M) was manipulated into cheating on me?
Is quarantining together ruining our relationship or revealing that it wasn't working? 26F and 28M together 1 year
How to tell to my friend that she's self-absorbed ?
[Me 19M] her [17F] A girl I was pretty good friends with does this?
I (M30) have questions about my last relationship (F30)
Am I (f23) expecting too much of my boyfriend (m27)?
I (19M) can’t stop feeling the way I do for her (20F)
I (19M) can’t stop feeling the way I do for her (20F)
I feel lost
So I met with the girl he cheated on me with
I (23f) broke up with the perfect guy (26m)
Is my bf being weird or am I just delusional?
My (21F) friend (21M) excluded me from his comprehensive "friends" chat, but it might be miscommunication
Am I in a healthy relationship
Is my bf being weird or am I just delusional?
Should I (28F) believe that my bf (18M) was manipulated into cheating on me?
Am I in a healthy relationship
A friend expected to come to my place uninvited. I said No and he’s spreading rumours about me.
GF (21f) of 4 months is uncomfortable because I (26m) exclaimed "let's drink til' we're naked" in front of friends at a bonfire.
How to Deal With My Friend?
I’m bi (F/22) and my bf (21) doesn’t want me to sleep over at my friends and lied about it
I’m bi (22) and my bf (21) doesn’t want me to sleep over at my friends and lied about it
I don’t want anything to do with my dads family.
Neighbor Leaves Dog on Balcony for Hours a Day
Close friend mad at me for something I said, says shes uncomfortable with me now
She's upset and I feel guilty...help?
How do I stop myself from being attached to people?
How To Deal with My Friend?
Relationships
I don’t want my dads family around me
Close friend mad at me for something I said, says shes uncomfortable with me now
How do I stop myself from becoming attached to people so quickly
abusive ex wants to make amends after years of no contact
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) doesn't take any precautions in regards to the virus and basically laughs in my face when I try to take extra precautions. She isn't a conspiracy theorist but she also thinks its 'not a big deal', and to me it is a big deal, because she has bad lungs.
Can a woman help me understand I'm trying really hard
Am I overthinking because my boyfriend never texts first?
My (22m) girlfriend (23f) had a huge panic attack because she saw a Muslim woman
My friend/girlfriend (21F) has started communicating with me less
not sure if I should continue (F27)
Am I overthinking?
My friend (f,26) stopped talking to me (f,27) out of nowhere
Please help me
abusive ex wants to make amends after years of no contact
Is it okay to stay in a romantic relationship without attraction?
how to tell your s/o that they do not compliment you enough
Am I [25M] a hopeless idiot or am I just really close with my friend[28F]?
I [25M] met a great girl [18F] in my college class, but the age difference makes me hesitate.
GF cooked for someone else and I hate it
My (25F) partner (27M) sat on my face and farted
Wat is the psychological thinking and reasoning behind my gf[F21]thinking
Not sure if I should continue (F27)
[25M] How can I be more assertive in arguments with my gf [25F] without being rude?
How can I be more assertive during arguments without being rude?
Is my mom right that I should cut off contact with my ex-girlfriend?
How can I be more alpha during an argument without being rude?
In a fight with my SO, how can I be alpha without being rude?
I [25M] met a great girl [18F] in my college class, but the age difference makes me hesitate.
Is my mom right that I should cut off contact with my ex-girlfriend?
I (23F) don’t know how to get my new boyfriend (26M) to please me in bed
My husbands video game usage is quickly becoming a problem and I’m not sure how to handle it without feeling like his mother
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] went on a 1 month cultural exchange with male friends and his girl bestfriend 2 years ago and I still suffer from occasional panic attacks and overall anixety. How can I overcome that experience?
What is the Psychological thinking of my gf?
My (25F) partner (27M) sat on my face and farted
My GF cooked for someone else, and I hate it.
Told a Girl [21F] That She Deserves Someone Better Than Me [22M]...
What advice can I (M25) offer my mum (F48) in regards to my brother's (M20) Girlfriend (F21) who is a freeloader that she wants gone from her home
My girlfriend keeps getting mad at me for judging her opinions(picking her apart from what makes her, her)
He gave me an ultimatum. Him or my dog!
I need privacy
Is there any chance?
Told a Girl She Deserved Someone Better...
I need privacy
Going nowhere?
My boyfriend [40M] is literally the worst kisser ever, but I [35F] still enjoy having sex with him and want to be with him...
Should I [28F] give my new boyfriend [30M] the choice of walking away now due to my bad situation?
Help, I need privacy
Is there any chance?
What advice can I (M25) give my mum about getting my brother's (m20) freeloading girlfriend out of her house.
Is it just me or does anyone else find smiling really sexy?
I want to have sex ~once per week. Girlfriend wants to have sex every day. She calls me "not normal" and "asexual."
He broke up with me because I won't get rid of my dog
My boyfriend is the worst kisser ever, but I still like it when he kisses me...
My husband (25M) posted my nudes on an incel forum without my (23f) consent
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) still talks regularly with a past hookup and I don’t know how to feel about it
AITA; Girlfriend and I broke up because I wanted to split the cost of food, it's normal.
Messages between my bf and underage girl may ruin relationship (bf perspective)
My (23F) boyfriend (22M) still talks to an past hookup and I don’t know how to feel about it
Is my ex trying to tell me he misses me??
Is my ex trying to tell me he misses me???
Why Can’t I Get Over Him?
Friend (30sf) Everyone Seems to Think is Perfect Takes Little Digs in Convo
Friend (30sF) Everyone Thinks is Amazing Takes Little Digs at Me (30sf)
What should I do about my sister?
Ex going hot and cold i need advice please!
Relationship help
Should I (F20) forgive my boyfriend (M20) for this thing he cannot remember doing?
Messages between my bf and underage girl may ruin relationship
Was there anyway I could have prevented this breakup?
Bro [25m] bought another bed just so we wouldn’t sleep in the same bed anymore. That makes me [16f] feel bad but he says it was “about time”.
Is there any chance?
Is there any chance?
I (20F) found a dick pic on my boyfriend’s (21M) phone that wasn’t his
Suicide prevention / Cars
I (20F) found a picture of another mans penis on my boyfriend’s (21M) phone
I'm planning my life as if my father whas to die (he's not)
How can I (32F) help my SO (31M) feel better about his parents not visiting due to COVID?
Messages between my[F20] bf [M20] and underage girl may ruin relationship (BF perspective)
I’m lost at what to do, any advice would be appreciated
I'm Planning My Life as If My Father Whas to Die (he's not)
Boyfriend (33m) does not approve of my (27f) social media use
I [21M] have a crush on a good friend [21F] where there was a weird middle ground before but I don’t think she feels similarly now
My (29M) girlfriend's (28F) dog (3F) is pushing me away.
Boyfriend says promise rings aren't for men.
I feel like I have no one in my life.
Messages between bf and underage girl may ruin our relationship (BF perspective)
Boyfriend says promise rings aren't for men.
tl:dr Is he really just not that into me?
Partner (33m) is livid that I (27f) have a social media presence
I feel like I have no one in my life.
Is he really just not that into me?
A girl who traumatized me in high school just got hired at my boyfriend’s office and I’m freaking out. Please help.
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) is giving me the silent treatment. Do I just assume we are over?
Am I [25M] a hopeless idiot or am I just really close with my friend[28F]?
Twin Relationship
Why does he only verbally abuse me when he's angry with me but nice to me when he's not?
My wife(42F) won't come to terms with my(50M) daughters (24F) online pics
Messages between bf and underage girl may ruin our relationship (Opposite Perspective)
Straight but attracted to guys
Speechless
Guy calls me his girlfriend after first date..red flag?
Guy calls me his girlfriend after first date.. red flag?
I (21F) don't know if I should be open about my depression to my boyfriend (23M)
No words
What does it mean when a guy calls you his gf after the first date
Why im here
Will my girlfriend ever recover from me cheating on her?
I (M(22) want my girlfriend (F/21) to quit her music career.
Straight but attracted to guys
Will my girlfriend ever recover from me cheating on her?
The Guy (29m) I'm (30f) dating keeps changing his name.
Ex's ex make me think less of her
I'm afraid he's [21/m] cheating. what should i do?
weird messages deleted history and some sort of trust issues??
I(20 F) don’t know what to do with what I feel about my(23 M) bf about our last conversation about his first love.
Is it alright to compare what you do for your partner in the relationship to what he does?
Am I (f18) wrong for avoiding having sex with my boyfriend (m18) (at the time)?
My ex-wife(34F) is allowing my son(6M) to crossdress and I(45M) can't get her to change her ways
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) leaves me out when with our friends
Got in touch with ex. Made me think about what we had
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) leaves me out when with our friends
idk what to feel
I [21F] Won Back my Ex Boyfriend’s [23M] Heart!!!
My boyfriend (24M) of 7 months and I (21F) are not functional together
28F with a 27M friend doesn’t change underwear everyday
My [27F] parents won't take steps to include my BF [27M] of 4 years in my brother's birthday celebrations.
Gaslighted for a year. Finally blocked him. Feel worse than ever.
I 31(M) married 12 yrs to my wife 29(F) support her going through midlife crisis.
Idk what to do
Idk what to do
Am I (f18) wrong for avoiding having sex with my boyfriend (m18) (at the time)?
I feel like my dad's mistress turned wife hates me for no legitimate reason.
28F with a 27M friend doesn’t change underwear everyday
Blue balls
How to break it off when your partner (M25) still loves you (F24)
I (M 21) am having extreme insecurities in my relationship with this girl(F 20)
My mother had an affair and I don't know how to process it
Confessed my feelings to friend. What to do now?
how do I (23M) get my girlfriend (21F) to rely more on me?
Is this weird
My teacher (39M) said he loves me (18F)
How do you break it off with somebody who still loves you?
Confessed my feelings to friend. What to do now?
Long-term partner keeps me hidden from family...shady??
Confessed my feelings to my friend. What to do now?
I'm (M21) telling someone (M28) about my bedwetting issues
How do you get someone to just clean up after themselves?
My gf (36/f) decided to buy a house 150 miles away behind my back and tells me via text that she wants us to move in together and this can be a great advancement in our relationship. Would you forgive her?
I (23F) am obsessed with being clean/following a specific routine. My boyfriend (27M) finds it frustrating, but if I don’t get my way I will feel very anxious/uncomfortable. Is this a sign of OCD?
I M 21 am having extreme insecurities about my relationship with F 20 need some advice...
How do you break up with somebody who still loves you?
My (28/F) boyfriend (31/M) has me make every decision and his go-with-the-flow attitude seems excessive. Weird or not?
I'm Missing Someone but Don't have anything to talk about with them
Is it OK if I (30M) write a lengthy goodbye email to my ex-girlfriend (30F)
I (F19) feel stupid for craving more attention from my bf (M19) who lives in a different city. Maybe we should stop texting everyday?
messages between bf and underage girl may ruin our relationship
The way my(23F) boyfriend (37M) talks about him ex hurts me. How can I be an open listener?
FWB (also now v close friend) is replicating our messed up ‘relationship’ with someone else and i’m hurt and confused. Need advice to move on
I (F30) with my boyfriend (M31) of 2 years - how do I stop obsessing over our relationship?
I’m confused as to how to feel about this. Is he interested? Should I not respond till Tuesday? He’s 27/m I’m a 28/f
Cannot for the life of me tell if this guy likes me or is just bored.
I (F19) feel stupid for wanting more attention from my bf (M19) who lives in a different city
Cannot for the life of me tell if this guy likes me or he’s just bored.
AITA for possibly knowing my younger sister could might gay? And if so am i hurting her for not acknowledging it?
F(19) suddenly gets cold feet with me M(19)
messages between my bf and underage girl may have ruined my relationship
Does it hurt less
Not sure if my bf and I are on the same page anymore about our future and can't figure out how to navigate this.
Girl gets cold feet becuase we can't see each other in real life?
Ex is threatening me
Not so confident about my relationship in the long term as I used to be, need your opinion reddit
Ex is threatening me
I(17M)keep dreaming of a girl who isnt my girlfriend
Twin relationship
Advice pls
Managing/delegating mental load vs doing it myself
My relationship has to many osciliations, need your advice redditors.
[23/M] why do girls keep ghosting me.
[23/M] I dont see what I'm doing wrong but things you well then I get blocked
Niceguy can't get a date?
Do girls get off on playing guys?
Advice
Sexual and beyond ..me-33 my fiancee-25
Is it a bad sign if good morning texts slow down? (23M) (21F)
Is it fair for a lady to pay the bills on a date
I (20M) cheated on my girlfriend (19) of 3 years with a prostitute 2 days ago and now we’re done for good
Mr. Niceguy doesn't have a clue about women.
GF Got pregnant with Other man
I (20M) cheated on my girlfriend (19) of 3 years with a prostitute 2 days ago and now we’re done for good
How to stop feeling guilty for being vulnerable and open up more?
conversation with girl i am dating
My Ex GF Got Pregnant With My Mutual Friend
how do I(23M) get my girlfriend(21F) to talk about her problems with me?
On my (20F) side of things, it feels as if we (21M) can’t break the ice (fwb). What to do??
My (F31) friend ( F30 ) is judging my relationship !!
Is anyone tired of phone sex? (maybe NSFW?)
Friend (F30) of 10 years is judging my relationship with my SO ( M33 ) I’m a 30 year old grown woman !!
On my side of things, it feels as if we can’t break the ice (fwb)
How to stop feeling guilty for being vulnerable and open up more?
Would you be angry if you had a friend like this ?
My gf bought a house behind my back out of the blue and texts me if I want to move in together.
Where to find the One. Asking for a friend (27F)
My friend of 10 years is judging my relationship , im super pissed WWYD
Where to One. Asking for a friend. (27F)
Just a story for people not to make my mistakes I guess (teenage relationship mistakes)
Where to find the One. Asking for a friend (27F)
Where to find the One. Asking for a friend.
Storm survivors
I don't think my SO respects me
Can a friendship still be an emotional affair if it’s older than the relationship?
My brother (20m) and me (22f) had a fight and now I don’t feel safe at our home
I (f20) broke someone’s heart and I don’t know what to do with myself
Being the mature one in the relationship
my roommate [30f] is entitled and kinda evil
Help, BF lies, addiction and mental health (long)
I (28M) want to make sure my partner (29F) don't become the same person.
My [18M] really nosey neighbor [F] told my mom that I brought a woman [50sF] over to the house. How could I get her to stop being so involved?
How do I (32M) improve trust in professional relationships?
what does this mean?
How do I (32M) improve trust in professional relationships?
Help, BF lies, addiction and mental health (long)
My BF (30M) ghost me (24F) when mad
How to improve trust in professional relationships?
I feel like I (27)F have reached the end of the road with my boyfriend (26) M
Am I doing the right thing?
I’m out of town and think my husband may be cheating on me again!! I need advice on how location tracking on iPhones work. Do y’all think I’m worrying too much or is there something to this?? Thanks in advance.
When/How to I talk to my boyfriend about our unsatisfactory sex life?
Should I (F20) stay with my boyfriend (M20) if he may or may not have made a terrible childhood mistake?
ماهیگیری زوج‌های جوان
I’m out of town and think my husband may be cheating on me again!! I need advice on how location tracking on iPhones work. Do y’all think I’m worrying too much or is there something to this?? Thanks in advance.
How do I (23F) get over someone (25F) who ghosted me?
Boyfriend (30m) angry with me (25f) for “lurking”
Should I [32M] break up with my new girlfriend [28F] after she lost her job?
5 Years Down the Drain?
UPDATE: Ex girlfriend said she 'misses us' but...
Should I [32M] break up with my new girlfriend [28F] after she lost her job?
Is my husband cheating, again?!
Boyfriend (30 m) pissed at me (25 f) for “lurking”
UPDATE: "Ex girlfriend said she 'misses us' but..."
Is my husband cheating, again?!
My life is a mess
My bf is awful.
spouse writing frequent sexual content with someone else
Is it necessary to tell my bf about my lack of sexual history?
spouse is writing a lot of sexual content roleplay with someone else
Girl I work with has been flirting but she has a boyfriend, whats the deal? [19M] [19f]
My girlfriend [f26] lied to me [m25]
How do I (25F) talk to my boyfriend (28M) about death?
My girlfriend [f27] lied to me [m25]
My (31M) life is a mess
How do I (25) talk to my boyfriend (28) about death?
Girl I work with has been flirting but she has a boyfriend, whats the deal?
Is it necessary to tell my bf about my lack of sexual history?
(Update) me 34M looking at wife 34F old pics
Am I out of line?
continuing a forbidden relationship
(Updates) to the pandora box of looking at wife old pics
(M19) How do you feel about your ex/first love?
(Update) to the pandora box of wife old pictures
My boyfriend told me to leave him be but it's his birthday
Is anyone else like this? 24M
How do you feel about your ex/ first love?
Emotionally detached from conservative Chinese parents. How do I (19f) coexist with them under the same roof?
Is she cheating?
continuing a forbidden relationship
continuing a forbidden relationship
Need advice..
My [21M] ex girlfriend [F21] wants to get back together a month after I broke up with her. She made me miserable when we were together, but says she's realized how awful she was, and wants me to give her a chance. Please help me figure out the right course of action.
Girlfriend( 21)thinks I'm cheating( 31)
How to know if you finally found the right kind of person?
My [21M] ex girlfriend [F21] wants to get back together a month after I broke up with her. She made me miserable when we were together, but says she's realized how awful she was, and wants me to give her a chance. Please help me figure out the right course of action.
Not sure if this is the right thread?
I only want to have sex ~once per week. Girlfriend wants to have sex every day. She says I'm "not normal" and "asexual."
How do I [22F] be a good Auntie? What should Aunties do?
needing advice
Young love, drugs, music and confusion. Am I being stupid?
Posting for a friend/ her narc boyfriend did this.
Posting for a friend, boyfriend who’s narcissistic and did this.
Girlfriend being unappreciative and ungrateful
Am I (F20s) making a big deal out of my dad’s (M50s) racist/inappropriate behavior?
Friend (19) doesn't act the same anymore
Friend(19) doesn't act the same anymore
Friend doesn't act the same anymore
I’ve Ignored Him for an Entire Week
my boyfriend cheated on me almost 2 years ago
I (29/f) met someone 1yr and 4m ago, he (29/m) fell in love with me and another woman - we're now "friends" and I am starting to get confused
I’ve Ignored Him for an Entire Week
I’ve Ignored Him for an Entire Week :(
Am I (21F) overthinking things with my friend (20sM)?
I'm (M24) Afraid that Others Finding Out if I'm in a Relationship will Ruin their Image of Me and Lead to Embarrassment for Me
Me , him & his ex
The guy [34M] I'm dating told me he has anxiety and now I'm [25F] questioning some of my actions and whether I upset him
where did i go wrong?
How many times you broke up with the same person to realize its not working out.”?
Should I [17F] cut off my friends [all 17F] for disregarding my boundaries?
My (21F) Boyfriend (25M) claims that his hurtful reactions are justified.
Would a guy look at a girl for two years only out of curiosity?
My [20F] best friend [20F] used my mental state as an excuse to stop her other best friend [20F] from dating my ex [21M] without my knowledge.
I (29/f) met someone 1yr and 4m ago, he (29/m) fell in love with me and another woman - we're now "friends" and I am starting to get confused
Can’t tell if I was used by a crush because she was bored and horny with no other options tonight, and it’s destroying me mentally.
I (23f) think my friend (20m) is ghosting me after our relationship took a weird turn. Should I try to open a dialog about it or continue the silence?
My (21F) friend (21M) of 3+ yrs excluded me from a new "friends" chat, but it might be miscommunication
Can’t tell if I was used by a crush because she was bored and horny tonight and had no other options, and it’s crushing me mentally.
Would a guy look at a girl for two years only out of curiosity?
I'm in love with this girl I haven't even talked to
Can’t tell if I was used by a crush because she was bored and horny with no other options tonight, and I honestly don’t know what to do
I'm in love with this girl I haven't even talked to
I (23f) think my friend (20m) is ghosting me after our relationship took a weird turn. Should I try to open a dialogue or leave him in peace?
Does my hookup have a right to be like this?
Would a guy look at a girl for two years only out of curiosity?
Does my hookup have a right to be like this?
I (28f) don't know what to do about my partner's (30m) lack of effort to achieve.
Clingy Hookup
I (28f) don't know what to do about my partner's (30m) lack of effort to achieve
Ex boyfriend
Advice ?
My (28f) Friend (24f) always asks me all kinds of questions she can get answers from google. I'm so fed up with it.
My [26 M] ex sent me nudes while I’m in a relationship with my girlfriend [26 F] of a year. I didn’t stop her at first but did now. What do I do
I wanted this girl. Just couldn’t figure out her game. And I don’t know how to make a move. Kinda Long
5 years together. Starting to feel doubtful.
My (23F) Boyfriend (27M) is feeling overwhelmed at work and it’s destroying his mental health. I don’t know what I can do to help him.
telling the truth...
My(25M) GF( 19F) doesn't want to hang out without our friends
I'm (30M) constantly thinking about EX (28F).
My (25M) GF ( 19FM) doesn't want to hang out with me without our friends
My mother seems jealous over my (m19) girlfriend (F18). Is this normal and has anyone had a similar experience?
(21f) my boyfriend (21m) doesn’t want to get a real job and is now getting kicked out
My [25F] boyfriend's best friend's wife [30F] is causing drama. How do we proceed?
My(24M) GF(19F) doesn't want to hang out alone with me
Daughter (13) of a family friend (50F) admitted abuse to me(26F) and my husband (27M). What do I do now?
Can someone be too busy?
Constantly thinking about EX
My gf (25f) of 5 years and I (25m) had a fight and an unsuccessful attempt at resolving it. I need help making it right.
single
Aftermath of relationship problems, dealing with lingering physical reactions
My (21f) boyfriend (21m) basically refuses to get a real job and is getting kicked out.
(20 F) scared to losse Her (24m) boyfriend and suffers from anxiety.
My (f/21) bf (m/21) has always compared our jobs.
My gf (25f) of 5 years and I (25m) had a fight and an unsuccessful attempt at resolving it. I need help making it right.
breakup
Boyfriend showed violence tonight
How can I tell if my guy feels pressured by me? How can I show him how important his feelings and consent are to me?
breakup
(20F) fears to loose her (24M) and have anxiety.
Burger?
My gf (25f) of 5 years and I (25m) had a fight and an unsuccessful attempt at resolving it. I need help making it right.
Boyfriend showed violence tonight
My deceased brother’s ex-girlfriend (F24) is posting things that my family find are inappropriate online. What should I do if she doesn’t stop after I asked her to quit posting?
My (23f) bf (23m) doesn’t remember things that bother me
My (23f) bf (23m) doesn’t remember things that bother me
Gf has had a rough upbringing and i’m trying but worried?
Burger
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) never wants to have sex anymore and it's ruining my self esteem. Is he just not attracted to me anymore?
My [18/M] bf is overprotective of what I [19/F] wear
This is my first time using Reddit and it's 1am and i have nobody to turn to so hi I'm oeht
Feeling like an option to my boyfriend and it hurts.
My dad (m78) is very problematic and I (f24) don’t know how live with his behavior even after I move out by the end of the year.
i (f20) broke someone’s heart and I can’t deal with the pain
Any way past this?
Is there anyway past this?
The one that got away
Please help me
GF hates baby momma
Rant: My dad (m78) is a horrible parent and problematic and I (f24) just want a normal adult life without him involved
Hi, i’m not sure what to do and i don’t want to lose my best friend
Hi this is my first time on Reddit. So yeah i could really use a lil perspective.
My friend has cancer so I do anything she asks and feel immensely guilty if I don’t
I (21F) am so insecure and I feel it negatively affecting my relationship with my partner (26M)
How should I [24F] communicate my feelings to my SO [23M] when I can't trust my own perceptions
What should I (24M) do about my girlfriend (21F)? Almost two year long relationship
How should I react when I feel hurt but don't trust my own perception
What should I (24M) do about my girlfriend (21F)? Almost two years together
What should I (24M) do about my girlfriend (21F)? Almost two years
What is the "right thing" to do when you feel hurt and angry
Next week, my SO (27F) and I (27M) are celebrating 2 years of dating; how can I make it a romantic day during quarantine?
The one that got away....guilt
what should I [24M] do with my girlfriend [21F]?
What should I do?
Next Tuesday, my SO (27F) and I (27M) will have our second anniversary of dating; what makes a great gift/gesture?
He’s gone (30m) him and his never-ending list of problems
Career Choice Ruining My Relationship
Me [23M] am being used a backup by a girl [22F]. Need advise on how to proceed with this?
Me (22F) updates from my boyfriend (24M) on his social media gives me anxiety for seemingly no reason
I have to tell my friend I’m not up to be a groomsman at his wedding due to a health issue. How do I find my balls to do it? (Us both 37)
individual
How to help my wonderful GF through her new bipolar disorder.
How to help my wonderful GF through her new bipolar and more.
Am I being rude?
my (19M) girlfriend (19F) never initiates anything
i (19M) always have to initiate things with my girlfriend (19F)
My (28F) bf (33M) boyfriend is ignoring me on our anniversary vacation
Please help
Need advice regarding sisters behavior
I am not sexually attracted to my boyfriend...
I (27F) lied to my boyfriend (30M) about why I was dumping him.. now he thinks I was the problem, not him- should I tell him the truth now?
Drunk boyfriend (27 m) is always yelling at me (23 f)
I don’t know how to (or even if I should) move forward in my relationship.
Concern for sister's relationship...could use advice.
Text from my Ex.
Boyfriend lost his job and my parents aren’t happy
I (24F) am upset because of how my boyfriend (20M) responded to me sharing a very traumatic part of my life
I've been thinking about my ex recently. Idk if it's the lockdown or what's going on.
I (25F) am worried about my boyfriend’s (26M) behavior with his friends while pretending to watch baseball
BF lost job and my parents aren’t happy
My boyfriend and his female roommate
I [24/F] am so tired of my boyfriend [30/M] playing video games all the time.
My boyfriend and his female roommate
I feel betrayed by my boyfriend
Bf won’t stop liking revealing pics + lied about it
I habitually date older guys. I'd love some advice on something ~
Neighbors can see into my fenced in yard and kitchen.
my bf ex keep trying to contact him
Neighbors can see into my fenced in yard and kitchen.
Ahshhshs
ex cried when I deleted an app that updates her my location 24/7
My girlfriend's gay friend made fun of my foot fetish
Boyfriend (33M) ignoring me (28F) on vacation
The conflicts between my girlfriend [21f] of 6 months and me [23m] always seem to blow way out of proportion, I don't know how to get past it or if I should be dating this woman at all.
Is my (26 F) roommate blowing things out of proportion when I (28 M) asked her to do extra things if I'm going to cover her rent?
honestly just something cute i gotta day
HELP! My boyfriend won’t stop liking provocative pics and lied about it to me!
In tears.
Help me please
Advice on breaks in a relationship?
I(22F) don't know how to stop being mean to my dad(49M)
I (F27) think I need to breakup with the love of my life (M27) because I don't think we're compatible as partners
I’m dating someone who sounds sarcastic when he’s trying to be sweet/genuine. Is this tolerable?
Me, a slender Woman (F21) vs the dating world
I (27 M) developed a huge crush on a friend (26 F) when I thought she was Single. But she happens to have a Boyfriend and I slowly avoided her and now I need closure.
I (20F) have discovered some things in my mom's (48F) laptop that make me believe she's gay, or at least questioning.
My girlfriend's gay friend made fun of my foot fetish
There’s something I can’t really let go of. Help.
Currently going through a break with my boyfriend of 2 years. I don’t know what to do? Is it just no talking? Does anyone have any advice, I’m obviously quite upset as I haven’t gone a day without speaking to him usually.
Me, my man & his ex
29[F4M]Inpatient in a Hospital in Seattle due to Pneumonia and a Plural Effusion - Which means Insomnia while things beep. And I forgot my Mouse!
My boyfriend
I (F27) think I need to breakup with the love of my life (M27) because I don't think we're compatible as partners
This is weird but... has anyone here ever dated someone who seems sarcastic when he/she is trying to be sweet/genuine? Any advice?
I have a much higher libido than my girflriend (both in early 20s)
This is weird... but has anyone ever dated someone who always sounds sarcastic when they’re trying to be sweet or genuine?
What are you supposed to do when you are in a relationship but have a crush on someone else?
What are you supposed to do when you are in a relationship and have a huge crush on someone else?
HOW DO I DELETE THIS TF?
Found out my (30m) gf (30f) lied about her sexual past minutely, but I would not have cared, so why lie?
Breakup advice?
In this situation, would you give me the time of day?
My ex boyfriend [27 M] and I [24 F] broke up during quarantine Need advice
I (21F) can't get over someone I went on one date with 3 months ago?
I [23f] have always been cheated on. It’s gotten to the point where I think something is wrong with me.
My ex boyfriend [27 M] and I [24 F] broke up during quarantine
Nurse
My (29F) boyfriend (29M) says things haven’t changed when they clearly have
Is it okay to ask your partner to lose weight if it's because you are concerned for their health?
Post breakup anger
Why do I (24M) keep getting cancelled on?
How much does money matter? (20M)
Breakup advice?
My so doesn't believe me about anything
Stressed-out boyfriend wouldn't 'claim' me. Was I wrong to break up with him last week?
My (29F) boyfriend (29M) says things haven’t changed when they clearly have.
Stuck in a relationship
Physical vs emotional relationship? Can I be with someone that I'm not physically attracted to?
Emotional vs Physical attraction
I (23F) told my niece (6F) that I’m not biologically related to her and my dad is mad I told her
My (M39) Ex (38F) (9months) contacted me to tell me she'd slept with one of my co-workers.. but won't say any more.
How much is money a factor? (20M)
What amount of socializing can I reasonably expect from my emotionally abusive husband?
How do I (22F) cope with a very talkative grandmother (~70)
Is my boyfriend disrespecting me?
My boyfriend won’t stop listening to loud music what do I do
I [24M] am ruining my wife's [24F] life
Why do I feel like I’m being forced to feel comfortable??
My girlfriend (28f) has a problem with my (37m) a tattoo of my ex's name.
My wife [28] had a negative altercation with my mother [49] and is now letting it effect our relationship.
Girlfriend (23) has periods of intense apathy that have left me (25m) worried about our future
Please help I really need it right now!
I [24M] am ruining my wife's life [24F]
What's your relationship like? Why do you stay? What makes you want to leave?
I [22F] am uncomfortable that my bf 29[M] looks at porn
How do I ask her to facetime tonight?
I (28M) think it may be time to end things with my SO(31F) (xpost r/relationship_advice)
New kink?
My(26M) parents(50s) relationship is taking a toll on me & I need some advice
My [28] had a negative occurance with my mother [49] and is not letting it effect our relationship.
Ready to be pounded
Girlfriend (23f) has periods of intense apathy that are have left me (25m) worried for the future
My boyfriend [30M] told my I'm [26F] physically unattractive and wants to be my Personal Trainer
I (20F) Badly Hurt A Best Friend (21F) And Don’t Know If I Damaged Our Relationship For Good
I (20f) Badly Hurt A Best Friend (21F) And Don’t Know If I Damaged Our Friendship for Good
I (20m) don’t know what to do regarding my (18m) ex
I (20m) don’t know what to do regarding trying again with my (18m) ex
My mental breakdown and toxic habits ruined my relationship. Is it a good idea to apologize and do I have any shot at making it better.
My (22F) boyfriend (26M) of three years has not acknowledged my college graduation that happened three weeks ago and it has upset me.
Is it normal to still care for emotionally abusive ex
Boyfriend[M; 30] is into self-help and basically thinks he’s better than me [F;25] because he has it “all figured out”. I feel like I’m going crazy...
UPDATE Should I [30F] tell my brother [34M] that he's gone viral? His ex-wife [30F] published a popular article about how shitty he is.
Ex (20f) texts me for the first time in almost a year (23m)
So I like this girl at work...
Caught feelings, she’s playing me?
My (22F) family has a history of suicide and it drives me away from them
Where is the line between knowing what you want and nitpicking a la Jerry Seinfeld?
My Wife [28] had a negative occurence with my mother [49] and is now letting the interaction effect our relationship.
Boyfriend[M; 30] is into self-help and basically thinks he’s better than me [F;25] because he has it “all figured out”. I feel like I’m going crazy...
Advice after being a toxic partner while I was dealing with a mental breakdown
Showing me BF he’s a good man?
My best from [23F] wants me to chase her
My (22F) boyfriend (26M) didn't acknowledge my college graduation - do I have the right to be upset?
I (24F) am feeling exhausted by my depressed partner (22M)?
Help--my girlfriend (19f) feels like I'm (20m) smarter than her?
My Best Friend Wants Me To Chase Her
Boyfriend (now ex) is into self-help and basically thinks he’s better than me because he has it “all figured out”. I feel like I’m going crazy...
Opinions about President and news media slightly affecting how I feel.
How do I show my boyfriend how worthy he is?
Why do some people almost exclusively post on social media about their relationships? And why do others never post about their relationships? Is there a happy medium?
Where is the line between knowing what you want and nitpicking a la Jerry Seinfeld?
Should I [23M] buy her [22F] the Gift ?
In a great relationship, but my mom complicates everything.
In a great relationship, but my mom complicates everything.
I finally got out and now what?
Should I (F20) talk to my boyfriend (M20) about my past trauma?
I (21F) feel super disconnected from my family ever since my dad was murdered in JA .. & like I know its me.. I dont know how to relate to them the same way I do with people Im actually close with, but my friends are different.. they dont judge me.
Husband hiding alcohol
I have been in a very unhealthy relationship for 4 years now and have wanted to leave for 2 years but have not been able to. I now have a crush on another guy and want to leave more than ever
THE WOMAN MEN ADORE
I'm trans (35FtM). I've had a female friend (37F) for the last 9 years, but now we've started getting closer after staying together during quarantine. I transitioned at 22 before I knew her and nobody I'm not out to anyone I currently know. How do I tell her?
my boyfriend is the sweetest bean i've ever seen
My(22M) partner(24F) slapped me and threw something at me. Am I overreacting
Am I being cat fished?
My 15 year old little brother is a little asshole and my parents hate when I [21] call them out on it
My (22F) BF (24M) won’t stand up for anything
Rgvttbbttb
my SO is stressed about money and taking it out on me
I’m(21) Thinking about cutting of my family(haven’t seen in 8 years) due to my mom(40)!!! Honest advice needed.
Parenting with Empathy
How do you live with someone who doesn’t help you?
My online friend hasn’t answered in a few days, should I ask if he’s okay?
Feeling second
My bf (23M) is super excited about buying me jewelry for my (23F) birthday but I’m having relationship doubts
My(22M) partner(24F) slapped me and threw something at me. Am I overreacting
What's your top 3 deal breakers on a partner that aren't related to behavior (abusive, afraid to commit, etc) but rather to personal preference (not dog person, doesn't dance, etc)??
Online friendship advice
Friend wants to go back to a girl that broke his heart and has a boyfriend whom she said she’ll never date.
Online friendship advice
I [22m] am being asked to pay utility bills for a place which I no longer live by a friend [22m]
My best friend ghosted me twice and I feel shattered
I (20m) feel like I’ve lost myself trying to rebuild with a toxic ex (18m)
I [22m] am being asked to pay utilities for a place that I no longer live by a friend [22m]
Is it okay to stay in a romantic relationship without attraction?
Boyfriend thinks I'm physically unattractive and wants to be my personal trainer
My (23F) friend's (23M) girlfriend (22F) is really starting to bum me out
I (F18) have a lot of relationship anxiety; Any Advice?
Marriage of convenience
Marriage of convenience
Marriage of convenience
What did my (32M) ex (32F) mean by this statement?
My cousin blocked me after I told her that her fiance was cheating, what can I do to fix this?
I feel like whenever my (20M) boyfriend (19M) (gay lol) and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple
My (25M) girlfriend (23F) keeps sleeping over but doesn't want to have sex
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) said some stuff while drunk and I feel a little hurt by it
I feel like whenever my (20M) boyfriend (19M) (gay lol) and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) boyfriend said some wild stuff while drunk and idk if I’m being oversensitive or not
Is solo sex normal for long term relationships?
How do you live with someone who doesn’t help you?
Is solo sex normal in long term relationships? I’m struggling to understand and accept my fiancé’s habits and overcome my feelings of inadequacy and hurt.
I (29 F) want to confront my dad (61 M) about his abusive behavior around my mom that I witnessed while growing up but I’m not sure
Me [34 M] What's it like getting into a serious relationship a little later in life?
I (22M) feel insecure about my boyfriend's (21M) past hookups. What should I do to ease my mind?
I feel like whenever my (20M) boyfriend (19M) (gay haha) and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple
Text from my Ex. Should I reply?
I feel like whenever my boyfriend and I hang out with his friends together or my friends together it takes time away from alone time together, and it makes it feel like we’re just friends and not a couple. Should I let him know I want some alone time without any friends once in a while?
Please Help
I (29F) have a budding relationship (~2 months in) with a 39M, but we're both freshly out of abusive relationships and want to change that pattern. Ideas?
My (27F) best friend (26F) keeps making plans with me, and then ditching me if her boyfriend isn't interested.
I just cut ties with someone I've been talking to for 3 months and I have questions.
I (21F) don’t think my boyfriend (21M) is capable of prioritizing communication
Ex-girlfriend(f22) is sending me unsolicited pictures of her
Is it too possessive of me (15m) to get jealous because if my girlfriend's (16f) password?
Is this a sign that my BF doesn't respect me or am I just being overly sensitive?
How to respond to unsupportive comments
[M20] Will things ever get better for me?
Am I being irrational???
How do I (28M) emotionally prepare to say goodbye to my ex (28F) in a few days?
How can I (22F) support my best friend (40F) during her chemo?
i feel so lost and alone
How can I (22F) support my best friend (40F) during chemo?
Boyfriend [20] wants me [18] to change my profile picture to what he wants but not willing to do the same for me.
Today I found out my mom died four days ago
I don't really have preferences.
I am better at being single.
My engagement fell through, how do I stop being so disillusioned?
My ex deceived me completely but I can't get over her
My boyfriend cheated on me
Best friend slept with a girl who he knows I’m in love with
My girlfriend (30f) of 1.5 years is angry at me (26f) for sharing my Hulu with my friend (26m)
My boyfriend (28 M) just broke up with me (28 F) after 9.5 years together because he cannot commit - I am his first love.
My twin doesn't love me
Am I not meant to be in a relationship? How do I start moving on?
Boundaries in relationship with depressed girlfriend.
How to help a pessimistic friend?
Am I exaggerating?
[29F] trying to help pessimistic friend [28M]
Am I exaggerating?
How to end a toxic friendship without closure
Confidence shot after breakup....normally self-assured. How do I move on?
My(27F) mom(56F) is making my life a living hell
Relationship_Advice
Helping a pessimistic friend?
Is it okay to take some time to yourself instead of building relationships?
I [f/25] keep falling into relationships where I feel like I put more energy than is reciprocated. Latest relationship with [m/26] made me uncomfortably aware of it.
How to end a toxic friendship without closure
Anyone Ended Long Term Relationship Over Marriage Views?
Me [40] and ex-GF [30] tried to be friends and it failed. What don't I get about boundaries?
I don't know what I want my bf to say, I just know he isn't saying it
Is virginity acceptable for men.
My boyfriend (28 M) just broke up with me (28 F) after 9.5 years together because he cannot commit - I am his first love.
I don't know what I want him to say, I just know he isn't saying it
Ygsgss
My(27F) mom(56F) has made my life a living hell
How do you let someone down who you're not into?
My(27F) mom(56F) detests me and I want her to leave me alone.
Should I (M22) stay in a relationship with my girlfriend (F20) even though she is passive?
My twin brother doesn't love me
It's all falling apart and I feel like ending it...
I am uncomfortable with my SO's parents
I hated my younger brother for no reason growing up. Is that semi-normal? I feel like deep down there must be something wrong with me.
Should I peruse a relationship in which the girl is passive?
Does my match (19F) like me (18F)?
Boyfriend wants me to change my profile picture to what he wants but not willing to do the same for me.
Does my match (19F) like me (18F)? Not in a relationship ATM.
Will she start talking again after the 3 days she said or do I have no chance of talking to her again?
My(21M) on and off girlfriend (22F) has continuous guilt about our sex life
Why did I hate my little brother growing up? I feel so guilty. I feel like deep down I must not feel empathy or something.
Boyfriend (24) wants space from me (f21).... we’ve not seen each other for almost 3 months
Is it childish that I removed my ex from social media? M27 F25
Is it childish that I removed my ex from social media? M27 F25
My (21M) on again off again girlfriend (20F) continuously feels guilty about our relationship
Any good book / article recommendations for a partner whose spouse has PTSD and GAD?
How do you know when it's time to end a friendship?
How do I stop resenting my sister?
How do I stop resenting my sister?
I (16M) dont know how to tell my parents (43F and 44M) that I want to get therapy
I’m (33F) not sure how to comfort my grieving husband (38M) TW;
I (16m) dont know how to tell my parents (43f and 44m) that I want to get therapy.
I think I’m no longer independent when it comes to my boyfriend.
I (16m) dont know how to tell my parents (43f and 44m) that I want to get therapy
Son-in-law [21M] has been staying in my [42F] and my partner’s [53M] home for two months and I want him to leave
How to help a friend with anxiety and overthinking
Fiancee (32f) kicked me (27m) out today and I don't know if we can fix our relationship.
I (16m) dont know how to tell my parents (43f and 44m) that I want therapy
How to help a friend with anxiety and overthinking
I used the word abuse. Am I being overdramatic?
My ex (23M) refuses to leave me and my dog alone
Is this normal?
Fiancee (32f) kicked me (27m) out today, don't know if we can fix our relationship.
I (30F) don't know if I should give up on my relationship
Ex (M22) is contacting me (F20) more than ever
Son-in-law [21M] has been staying in my [42F] and my partner’s [53M] home for two months and I want him to leave.
how do I tell my parents I want therapy
My parents found out I was bisexual 6 years ago and now we don’t talk about it
WIBTA if I end a long standing friendship?
I (F27) discovered my father’s (M62) affair 10 years ago. Tonight I think I found proof that it’s still going on.
I’m feeling resentful towards pregnant sister
Do you think it's weird when normal guys go out with child like girls/woman
I (30F) don't know if I should give up on my boyfriend (28M)
I (F20) tried to set a boundary with my boyfriend (M20) and he said he doesn't care about my feelings.
A short film made during lockdown
Me [37 M] with my GF [27 F] of 2 years. I valued my trust of her, she broke it, need to figure out how to restore. Need help dealing w temptation to spy.
Am I overdramatic?
Why is she doing this?
Dealing with difficult family members?
Will she come back after the stated time? Or will she continue to ignore me?
im 23 need female advice
Quite the pickle. How do I handle this?
Feeling guilty because I thought of my ex as a starter boyfriend
Bf is too good for house work
im 23 male and need female advice
my boyfriend’s time is too valuable for manual work
women..i need advice :)??
Is my dad (m55) abusive to the rest of us living here (f60) (m20) (f22)
I (20F) think i’m in a toxic relationship with my best friend (19F)
my boyfriend would rather pay someone else for manual work when he’s/ we are perfectly capable
My [22f]girl best friend kissed [19]me and I enjoyed it. How do I tell my [18f]girlfriend?
I (26M) am thinking of challenging my friend(25M) to a duel for the hand of the girl we both like (26F).
Would a duel be a good way to settle my (26M) and my friend 25(M)'s fight over a girl (25F)?
Am I being gaslit?
Is my dad (m55) abusive to the rest of us living here (f60) (m20) (f22)
Would a duel be a good way to settle my (26M) and my friend 25(M)'s fight over the same girl?
Confused if I(f19) should believe my bf(19)
My (20F) best friend (19F) secretly hates me.
It was important my girlfriend and I finished this book together, but she stopped after the third chapter
So bored of my boyfriend
How to get fiance to show me more attention?
My girlfriend [24F] threatens to dump me [28M] because I don't post anything of her on my Instagram, she insists I must be hiding something.
Looking for advice! My boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in an argument because I found out he is forming online relationships on a social network game (IMVU) that he plays.
What does it mean when a guy removes you from all his social media?
My [22f]girl best friend kissed me and I[19] enjoyed it. How do I tell my [18f] girlfriend.
Looking for advice! My boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in an argument because I found out he is forming online relationships with people on a social network game (IMVU) that he plays.
What does it mean when a guy removes you from all his social media?
Depression affecting more than just myself
Confused about my (F22) feeling towards my relationship with my boyfriends (M24)
Do I (F26) have a good reason to be annoyed with my roommate (F27)?
S.O.S
Relationship advice please! Boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in an argument because I found out he is having online relationships on a social network game he plays (IMVU).
How can I stop getting irrationally annoyed with my mother when I know she means well?
I (24F) don’t know what it’s like to be in a healthy relationship and it’s beginning to interfere with my relationship with my boyfriend (24F)
How can I stop getting so irritated with my mother when I know she means well?
Do I (F26) have a good reason to be annoyed with my roommate (F27)?
My ex stepdad might be coming back and I’m very frustrated with it all
I [23F] have a fat ol’ crush on my new roommate. [24M]
How can I (21M) cut off a toxic friend (22F) without involving my wife/her friend (28F) in a lot of drama?
My 22(M) boyfriend has just told me he has a low sperm count and might not be able to have children
How to get over a lover who wasn't even mine?
Boyfriend (28) and I (38) are in a fight because he feels that nothing is wrong with him being in online "relationships " on a social network game (IMVU) that he plays on
I think my last relationship has ruined me forever
Is PLAN B reliable??!
How do I apologize and is it possible they’ll come back?
I don’t know how to balance my boyfriend and my eating disorder.
How do I get them back?
A relationship full of resentment and bitterness; is there anything I can do? Need help and advice
Did i overreacting?
It is becoming tough for me (f22) to live with my parents (f60, m62)
My (M22) Boyfriend is acting spontaneously nice to me (F20)
Should I (24/f) tell my long distance boyfriend (29/m) I technically cheated on him? Or should I just break up and not share that detail?
Should I (20F) let go of the crime my BF (21M) did before we even met?
20 year old male relationship advice
Living with boyfriend 23M for 6 months, feeling unsure about our relationship and not sure how to feel or think
My mum (48) is upset that I (F/18) don’t show affection
I(22F) was continuing convo with stranger(??M)
I(22F) was continuing convo with stranger(??M)
I(22F) was continuing inappropriate convo with stranger(??M)
Mum (48) is upset that I (18) find it hard to show physical affection
My (F20) Boyfriend (M22) is acting strangely nice
guy who ghosted me texts back 1 year later
Should I (27F) let go of my toxic BFF (26F)
My Boyfriend’s mom is blaming my family and I for their rocky and difficult relationship.
guy who ghosted me texts me back 1 year later
My [19] boyfriend [24] is boring over text, what should I do?
My [19] boyfriend [24] is really boring over text and we’re doing long distance
In a second marriage, is it unfair for the higher earned to contribute more in dollars to retirement than the lower earner?
Hiv positive bf kept it from me and I don’t know if I should break up.
My boyfriend of four years would choose to break up before moving to another state with me
Would I be the asshole if I break up with my other half because he hid the fact that he had HIV
Selfish fiancé - can we make it long term??
35F 38M The trust is I'm a shitty person and he's not
Do you think dating is just a game that not everyone is fit to play?
My boyfriend is so boring over text and we’re doing long distance
Feeling suffocated by my well-meaning family
My boyfriend of four years would choose to break up before moving to another state with me
What’s the minimum a guy needs to make for you to date him
My (28f) husband(32m) keeps contacting his past on/off ex gf behind my back! Is he cheating on me?
My ex [F24] gf violated my [M42] trust multiple times. Is there still a chance we can ever get happy together?
Confidence completely shot after breakup, normally self-assured...
MY (21) BOYFRIEND (31)WONT LET ME BREAK UP WITN HIM OVER MY DISTRUST OF HIM. I LOVE HIM WHAT DO I DO?
Boyfriend (31m) won't stop taking care of sister (31f) financially even though I (21f) have valid points as to why he should stop.
Male [26] need advice on what to do a about ex gf [24] playing hot and cold after she said she wants to be with me.
S if you’re reading this
Boyfriend (31m) wont stop taking care of sister(31f) and nephews even though I (21f) have valid points as to why he should tone it down.
My [41m] ex-wife [40f] told our daughter [14f] that if she doesn’t do well in school, she will turn into a hooker like my wife [29f] and in general has become a hateful person
Helping my cousin get through her father's infidelity and subsequent family fallout
MY (21) BOYFRIEND (31) WILL NOT LET ME BREAK UP WITH HIM AND SAYS WE ARE NOT BROKEN UP IF I TRY TO.
Mom (61) and her Boyfriend (63) are Moving in Together, how do I (F24) adjust to visits home being different?
Me [18 M] with my Ex-GF [19 F] 1 month, A question's been bugging me
Mom (61) and Boyfriend (63) are Moving in Together, how do I (F24) adjust to visits home being different?
Introducing partner to parents
Boyfriend [25M] said he calls me wifey playfully but told me [23F] to chill out when I called him Husband, Am I getting played?
Me [18 M] with my ex-girlfriend [19 F] 1 month official, 2 months just going out, a question is bugging me
Boyfriend [25M] said he calls me wifey playfully but told me [23F] to chill out when I called him Husband, Am I getting played?
Not able to express my disappointments or anger
Not able to express my anger/disappointment
Not able to express my anger/disappointments
I'm really closed off when dating [28f]
(21m) looking for (21f)
UK - Free Family Law Guides & Videos
My [M19] girlfriend [F19] leaves on false idea of cheating
Feeling like he (M22) either used me (F22) for sex or ego, or his feelings are stronger than he lets on
I lost a dear friend because of my feelings
Looking for a long distance
BF and I do not agree on pet sterilization. How big of a concern should this be?
Boyfriend has corona and his grandpa passed away and now he won’t talk to me. Help?
Some Great Relationship Tips
My friend (14M) is very annoying and says that I (15M) need help.
Broke up with my gf (25) over a year of being together. I feel so guilty and ashamed.
LDR. Fiance doesn't want to come where I am, need advice.
LDR . Fiance doesn't want me to come to where I am, need advice.
My friend is very annoying and says that I need help
My mom refuses to cut off toxic family, what should I do?
Got something off my chest to someone from my past , now his babymomma won’t stop harassing me about him
My (21) boyfriend (31) does not want to break up because I don’t trust him. UPDATE
Boyfriend (22M) dumped me (22F) at the truly worst possible time ever and i don’t know what to do
My (21F) ex (21M) has had trauma growing up with abuse from his mom, and for lack of better terms curses me to dirt when we have arguments.When I acknowledge it, he tells me he cant control it and he's working so hard on it
How do I try phase out my BIL (26M) from my (22F) life as much as possible?
LDR, Fiance doesn't want to come to me. Need advice
My girlfriend is a bit difficult and I don’t know if she will always be like this
What do you even DO in a relationship?
Sexless relationship
A daily conversation with a female friend (28) via text.
Money for fun
I hate my boyfriend being friends with these guys
Me [26M] and my best friend's [26F] relationship is now complicated because of my [26F] best-friend girlfriend, after we kind of bite the bullet on a party
Me [26M] and my best friend's [26F] relationship is now complicated because of my [26F] best-friend girlfriend, after we kind of bite the bullet on a party
Serious relationship
Relationship
So I got back together with my ex, who is really my only ex we were together from age 13 to 20 And they agreed to take a break to experience college to the fullest but neither of us can really do that with the Covid situation so we are both back home again and we got back together.
Should I reach out to someone I stalked in middle school & apologize for my actions?
Husband apologizes and it feels good to hear.
Doubts about my first (and only) long term relationship. I still care for her but for some reason I can't see a future together.
My (20f) boss (mid20'sf) has it out for me, or I'm just in too deep.
Is the sex dead?
my partner has never cried in front of me?
Platonic friend (24M) destroyed our (22F) friendship for sex?
Did I [25F] mess up by hiding the fact I was hanging out with a friend [29F] to her ex-boyfriend [29F] who is also a close friend?
My (20f) boss (mid 20'sf) has it out for me, or am I just crazy?
COVID-19 has given me time to reflect on my long term relationship. I do not understand why I feel so doubtful.
I often should you text a female friend you just met and haven't seen face to face due to the fact that she lives in another state?
Couples who broke up and had little contact for a few years, and then tried to get back together, how did that go? And were you thinking of them during that break or you put then out of your mind? [M40]
I (25F) got ghosted by a coworker (32M) at the start of the lockdown — how do I act when I go back to work in a few days?
Couples who broke up and had little contact for a few years, and then tried to get back together, how did that go? And were you thinking of them during that break or you put then out of your mind?
Trying to get over my [25M] relationship with ex [22F]. It just won't leave my head.
Relationship Hell
Texting habits
Texting habits
I [19 M] can't tell if there is a chance with my crush [19 F] and wether or not some stuff is a sign it wont happen.
Did I [29/f] cheat on this guy [24/m]
Did I [29/f] cheat on this guy [24/m]
I (27F) will be into arranged marriage soon. Any advice for me?
I [20F] am weirdly averse to being touched and I can tell it’s hard for my girlfriend [20F] of six years. (Long Post)
5 year relationship with a depressed (M25) boyfriend that keeps disappointing me (F26)
My (23F) mom (54F) says it is going to ruin our relationship if I dont shave.
Share some advice to someone, who will be into arranged marriage soon.
Need advice on how to end my investigation after (26m) dating a personality disordered woman(23f)
I think I love my best friend [both 33F] and it’s confusing
I don’t know what I want, where to go next...
My [26F] boss [38?] is giving me extreme anxiety and gaslights me. How to proceed for remainder of my notice of one month.
How do I get over her?
I can't let my boyfriend meet my family because I'm afraid of them.
My family is toxic and I don't know what to do
The guy (33M) that I (23F) dated for a short time used to say some annoying things about his soon-to-be fiance (23F), who doesn't know that I used to date him and considers me a friend of her.
Help! My mom is super annoying in her new relationship.
Why does my (22f) friend (22f) never take my advice yet expects me to take hers?
Help in ending a toxic relationship in quarantine
Advice in blocking toxic relationship in quarantine :(
How to get over insecurity in a relationship
Bf[29/m] sex life and initiation with me [27/f] has declined since job loss.
I have a problem with my boyfriend being friends with these guys
Do men always need t be courteous
my (f16) mom died rhis morning, what do i do
I’m a difficult person to be around and I want to change (F25)
Should I be mad with my boyfriend after. He told me he and his friends think I'm a slut because I post nudes on Reddit?
I m50 don't like staying over at her f49 place.
Walking back a relationship? Is it even possible?
I think my husband {65 M} needs to be in a full time care facility
Boyfriend (25M) says I'm (22F) too sensitive
I don’t want to live together
I don’t want to live together
What should I do about my ex I still talk to?
I keep falling too soon and screw potential good friendships
How to stop my sibling (M18) stealing everyone’s food and more?
25 male, hard time talking to a girl
I feel like I fall too much too soon and ruin potential good friendships.
My bf (23m) is very flamboyant. I (21f) don't know how I should feel
[20F] [23M] boyfriend is moving states and I need advice
Am i being too sensitive? tl;dr
I miss my ex
How true is the quote ‘if you love someone set them free, if they come back it was meant to be if not they were never yours’ I’m going through this right now.
Is it too late for us to solve this conflict?
Think I’ve broken up 2 relationships on accident. Anyone else?
I’m [27F] moving in with my boyfriend [30M] in a week but he barely talks to me yet says nothing is wrong
My [24f] fiancé [26m] feels he has to continue doing favors for former mutual friend [25f] who almost destroyed our relationship.
Get better at talking on the phone
What should I do about my ex I still talk to?
Think I’ve broken up 2 relationships without trying to. Anyone else?
I (24F) am irrationally angry at my boyfriend (25M) while his parents are here and I can't snap out of it
I (25M) am living with my girlfriend (32F) but sometimes I can't forget my ex (26F)
I need help with my boyfriend
I’m [27F] moving in with my boyfriend [30M] in a week but he’s barely talked to me for weeks yet says nothing is wrong
26m i Messed up my First encounter with personality disordered/mentally ill.. help with moving on from redundant investigation
How can I (M19) stop getting emotionally attached and fantasizing about being best friends with people I just met recently.
Is there still a chance
Fiancé [26m] feels he has to continue doing favors for former mutual friend [25f] who tried to destroy our relationship.
Am I in the wrong for bringing up the conflict that was bothering me? (TL;DR) help
Mother [64F] Constantly Accuses Me [23M] of Stealing
Told my (26f) boyfriend (28m) I was raped and he's mad at me
I have a problem with my behavior regarding my friendships.
Me (35m) and my partner (35f) aren't married but live and have a child together
Getting better at talking on the phone
Struggling between loving my family and realizing they are not nice people
premature ejaculation ruining sex, and i’ve only just become legal
How do I not hurt her feelings?
Gf (22) won't open up to me emotionally (24m)
Struggle between loving my family and realizing they are not nice people
delayed ejacualtion
My girlfriend (22) won't open up to me (24m) emotionally and it's playing with my head
Wife (F40) says I'm a Pig (M38). Could she be right?
How do I [27F] prioritize my relationship with my boyfriend [29m] after over a year?
I 31m sometimes catch myself just smiling and lost in her eyes, other times she 29f catches it and says "what".
How to get over my [19M] girlfriend’s [18F] very colorful sexual past?
[20M] First real Breakup. I am a mess
How to fix feud with best friend? tl;dr
Do you have to get approval from your partner's family and friends?
Too independent in the relationship
How to solve feud with my best friend? (TL;DR)
Too independent in a relationship
[20M] First real breakup. I am a mess
How to get over my [19M] girlfriend’s [18F] very colorful sexual past?
Letting go of an addict
Please say anything to help me get my head away from this!
Why am I like this?
You wait for a hours for a bus then 2 come along at once
I lost my wife - coronavirus hanged her
You wait for hours for a bus and then 2 come along at once
My ex talked shit about me to his mom, claimed I cheated. She believed him. I sent her a message defending myself, said goodbye because she’s a nice woman and I never had the chance to chat with her. Am I stupid?
How can I (22F) help my SO (27M) to communicate with me about our problems and avoid ghosting each other?
Moved in too soon
He wont help with anything.
Do touch expressive women feel more reserved depending on the physical aspects of the guy they're friends with? Curious
How can I (22F) help my SO (27M) to communicate with me about our problems and avoid ghosting each other?
Do women pick and choose who to get touchy with
How would you feel if you became an every-other-weekend Non-Custodial Parent?
GF (F24) of 8 months, may value others attention over mine (M26).. or am I overthinking?
How do I(F22) get over the fact that my ex(M22), soon to be bf again maybe, had sex with a short term gf
Sometimes my mind woild wander when with my recent ex.
i want my ex to kill himself.
I (M26) feel like my Girlfriend (F24) values the attention of others more than mine.. or am I overthinking?
What can I (m32) do about my gf (f28)
I think I’m being ‘toxic’. Any advice?
I have a problem
My mind would sometimes wander when with my now v recent ex.
[29M] move out when lease is up? [39F]
i wish my ex would kill himself.
Fiance [33M] dropped bombshell that he can't be himself around me [30F] and called me a monster
Boyfriend (22) is ungrateful for what he has and doesn’t help out or help himself
What app was my (27) boyfriend (37) on?
Yeah I play the bongos from time to time, my girlfriend made me download this app so that I can “see how much of a bag of shit I am after I share this story.” She thinks you’re going to take her side, I disagree but what would a bag of shit like me know about anything
What app was my (27) boyfriend (32) on?
So me (21 F) and my boyfriend (M 20) are having a huge problem with his exes
dating a girl that had a bad car accident
Bf is hearing voices and believes theres hidden cameras in our room
Bf believes there are hidden cameras in bedroom
My [24F] family thinks its my fault I was abused
Did she think I meant for her never to contact me again?
Brother said something very sexist, how i do forgive him?
I catfished
How do I come clean
Friend talking poorly about me and others
I [24/f] think my bf [32/m] is an asshole
I don’t know where to go....
I don’t know if I should move back to the US or be happy and broke in Canada.
What do I (20f) do to make my friend (20m) move on from me?
Do i (M20) have a right to be upset at my gf (f18)?
Girlfriend is avoiding me?
Do i (M20) have a right to be upset about my gf(f18) doing this?
Fwb (21) barely invites me (20) over. How can I get him to?
How do I(F18) manage Extreme jealousy towards my boyfriend’s (M19) female friend?
How does one realise that they want to spend their whole life with someone?
I’ve been FWB with my ex for 5 years despite us both being in and out of relationships.
The girl [23F] I’m [26M] is sending mixed messages and isn’t ready to commit yet.
My friend [20M] asked me [19F] for nudes. He has a girlfriend [20F]. How do I tell her?
The girl [23F] I’m [26M] is sending mixed messages and isn’t ready to commit yet.
My friend [20M] asked me [19F] for nudes. He has a girlfriend [20F]. How do I bring it up to her?
BF makes tinder account
My girlfriend (18) is dissapointed at me because I (22) watch porn?
Boyfriends ex doesn’t seem to be over him
'I [30 M], think suicide may be the only way for me to escape my family
'I [30 M] , think suicide may be the only way for me to escape my family
Help
Help me please
Help me
M24 was in a relationship with 24F till few days back. Just a questions about feelings and connections. Has anyone ever felt in a relationship like thay say in stories about completing each other or two halves of one soul.
Relationship Advice: Is it too far gone? Opinions on the situation? What would you do.
I miss her so much but I cannot do anything...
28F Physical intimacy: What’s considered normal?
In much need of relationship advice, where do I turn next. Is the relationship already too far gone?
I miss her so much but I cannot do anything...
I (M29) am pretty sure this girl (25) I hooked up with is trying to get pregnant
I've (20 M) just come to terms that my 3 year relationship with my gf (24 F) is coming to an end and I feel numb.
What should I do?
How can I (49M) connect with my wife (49F)?
I'm pretty sure this girl I hooked up with is trying to get pregnant
How can I (49M) engage with my wife (49F)?
My (21)Boyfriend (31) keeps talking to his ex
My (21)Boyfriend (31) keeps talking to him ex
My gf is pregnant and i do everything
Man I was dating just told me the whole relationship was a plot to get back at me and now am pregnant
My (21)Boyfriend (31) keeps talking to him ex
Having a girlfriend with a bunch of friends and then me with literally nobody but her I feel like I get too attached since I have no one else to talk to or hang out with.
What can I do?
28F confused late bloomer. Was that assault/abuse?
Man I was dating just confessed he was only dating me to get back at me and now am pregnant
I {F 36} am in love with a man [34 M}. It's a chill relationship.
I (F30) Don't Care About Home Decorating But My Roommate Does (F28)
Why?
My(35f) bf(35m) wants to get a silver tooth. I am not sure how i feel about it and need advice.
My mother [F55] controls me [F21]
How do I [29/F] with my [30/M] husband of 6 years, support him career related depression.
My mom [F55] controls me [F20]
My Best friend
We don’t have sex anymore
Agreeing to Disagree in Relationships
My [20M] gf [19] is kind of upset I don't make sexist jokes with her like I do with my female friend?
How can I [20F] improve relationship with my mom [50F]?
I [25 F] don't know how to feel that my boyfriend [25M] wants to split buying a car? Don't know how to feel about finances in general in a relationship?
Me [20 M] with my friend [20 M]4 years, replaced me and i feel worthless
Hi I'm curious on your opinions for this.
I {35F] have a loose SO who demands sex if we hang out {34M}
Help me motivate my mentally ill, unemployed husband to do anything other than sleep
Me (20M) ruined my relationship with my gf ( 21F) because of my fantasy. Give me advice plz.
Can’t decide if I [F,19] should give my ex [M,22] a third Chance
19M Really debating on whether or not I should text a girl and would like some input
Can’t decide if I [F,19] should give my ex boyfriend [M,22] a third chance
I (31F) met a guy (32M) online and he's a bad texter. How do I talk to him about texting me more without sounding too clingy?
What am I doing wrong?
I (31F) just started getting to know someone (M32) during quarantine and would like to know how to ask for more communication without sounding clingy?
Wrong for me (28f) to breakup with boyfriend (33m) on his birthday?
19M Really debating on whether or not I should text a girl and would like some input
My [26F] boyfriend [26M] likes the character I roleplay as better than the actual me
Someone tell me I’m not crazy
(21)F and my bf (19) been together for 5 months
My BF sister is mean to me when I have been nothing but kind to her; what should I do?
Texted someone to be fwb
How do I (15F) be a good girlfriend?
I (36M) told my mother (61F) that I don't trust her, she won't stop calling me and acting like a child, what do I do?
He's ashamed, I'm horny
Do you show your partner’s nudes to your close friends?
My (25F) partner (27M) didn’t react well when I told him he stares a lot at other women and eventually flipped out.
Am I [M 19] really in love with my girlfriend? [F 19]
Please be my eyes and share your thoughts
I have Suicidal Thoughts and this made me realize
My dad is currently fighting cancer
My Girlfriend keeps asking What IF questions and its getting a little annoying, what should I do?
How do I get over a relationship that ended because of timing?
How to navigate through this tough time
My(28) boyfriend (26) confessed that my physical transformation has made him uncomfortable, because he “wasn’t emotionally prepared to be dating the hot chick”
How should I (24/f) respond to this text message this guy (28/m) sent me after he found out I'm pregnant with his baby?
I (23M) accidentally confessed to an engaged coworker (35F)
How do I [M 19] break up with my depressed girlfriend [F 19] ?
Why do I get so mad when people leave me on read?
my boyfriend has been so good to me and i’m looking to thank him for it
Fiance (24f) and I (26m) on the verge of splitting up
im so happy in my relationship right and i want to treat my boyfriend
I feel like I'm a bad person sometimes when it comes to my girlfriend
I’ve(24m) been with the same girl for several years and we’ve had our issues like any couple, but now I have a new dilemma.
I’ve(24m) been with the same girl for several years and we’ve had our issues like most couples, but now I have a new dilemma.
What is a good excuse to tell my (19f) dad (51m) so that my bf (23m) and I can have sex
I’ve(24m) been in a relationship for several years, it’s had it’s ups and downs, but now I have a new dilemma
Id sometimes think about someone else and even after a very recent break up i have again, i hate it.
What does codependent mean?
I (24F) feel insecure whenever my boyfriend (24M) likes thirst trap photos on social media.
Should I get closure?
Do you think my ex still has feelings for me
[23M] Looking for a Woman with Bunions
How can I be more mature in my relationships?
How do I make my older brothers respect me when they don't?
How do I make my older brothers respect me when they don't?
How can I (23f) convince my parents that its possible to get to know someone (m26) long distance?
How can I convince my parents its possible to get to know someone long distance?
Still have not been introduced to friends gf, advice
My mom and step dad divorced and I (15M) don't know what to do with my relationship with my step brother (17M)
Do you think my ex still has feelings for me?
Just came in terms with the fact that my dad is using me for his own sexual pleasure, I am 18(F)
How to make my older brothers respect me when I respect them but they don't respect me?
Just came in terms with the fact that my dad is using me for his own sexual pleasures
[15F] [41F] I think my mum left me
[15F] [51F] I think my mum's left me
How can I be more mature in my relationships?
I (20F) lost my boyfriend’s (22M) trust 3 months into our relationship and I don’t know how to move forward
I want to gain my boyfriend’s trust back. Please help
Upgrading yourself and attaining your own level of success is the best testament proving all the haters wrong.
Don't know how I (20M) can ever open up about insecurities to future partners
My(25f) I don't know how to help my boyfriend (26) I feel helpless
My (25f) I just want to help my boyfriend (26) and I don't know how
i (21 F) no longer remember why i even loved my boyfriend (25 M)
My(14M) girlfriend(16F) is getting made fun of for our age gap.
Would you consider swatting a hand to be hitting
35F boyfriend breaking up with me bc of my mental illness spiral
Would you consider swatting a hand to be hitting?
Would you consider swatting a hand to be hitting?
How would you feel if your s/o was participating and making money with only fans?
Don't know how I (20M) can ever open up about insecurities to future partners
A letter-4I hate your guts, but the truth is I miss you way too much. My peronality is a tad obsessive, please be kind. They say you get over it but the marks linger.
How would you feel/do you feel if your s/o does only fans ?
Caught on oral s** in public
Snarky Friend
What does it mean if my boyfriend said
I forgot my GFs birthday, and she feels broken hearted, but so do I
Silent Treatment = Marriage Over?
How do you guys feel when your boyfriend likes other girls pictures on instagram?
What is the point of staying in a relationship with someone that
What is the point of staying in a relationship with someone that is not
[19M] Is love really great or worse, what is really important true love or fake love?
Niceeee
Found an exs belonging
[19M] I don't understand true love exist or all are about infatuation, is love really great or worse?
Dating a sociopath
What is Love? Is it great or worse?
Do people who are happy in their relationships, cheat?
For those who are dating, engaged or married, what was the moment that you realized you were in love with or falling in love with you SO?
For those who are married, engaged or dating, what was that one moment that made you realize you were in love with or starting to fall in love with your SO
How do I continue my friendship with someone who might be a self-destructive sex addict?
I (24f) am jealous of my (23f) partner’s new hobbies.
How to get confidence to approach girls? (My sex drive is low and I don't feel the urge to chase it)
M(23) in an abusive relationship with F(36)
I [20F] find myself feeling uncomfortable talking to my brother [27M] after reading his conversation with someone about me, and realizing things following that.
Fight for what you deserve, but give them a chance!
Over the past few weeks things have happened and I (21M)came to a realization about relationships that I’ve had. Just wanted to share, hopefully it might help someone else as well!
Bahba
I (27m) am attracted to coworker (22f), wondering if attraction is mutual"
My 26F boyfriend 30M raised his fist at me during an argument... will it get worse?
Jealousy
Over the past few weeks things have happened and I (21M)came to a realization about relationships that I’ve had. Just wanted to share, hopefully it might help someone else as well!
Husband (26M) keeps bringing friends over for poker and gambling away his money and items. I’m (18F) concerned about how far he’ll go.
(24M) I just left a (24F) LTR (4y). It was mutual and very painful. What now?
Why am I so uncofident when it comes to make a move on a girl
How to Crack the Code of Men’s Feelings
My bf was probably a jack ass to me for the last time today
I (27m) am attracted to coworker (22f), wondering if attraction is mutual
My stepson (6m) calls me (31m) his fake dad, and I'm not sure how to feel about it.
How do I (22M) deal with feeling insecure in my relationship
Am I (F23) wrong for wanting to visit my BF (M23) or are my (asian) parents way too old fashioned?
How to Crack the Code of Men’s Feelings
Gf(23) broke up with me(26)
I ruin everything good in my life.
Me [43 M] with my wife [29 F] 10 years , I’m losing attraction for my aging wife how should I go about this?
My stepson (6) calls me (31m) his fake dad, and I'm not sure how to feel about it.
my (22F) nan passed today and my bf (29M) isn’t showing any support
GF(23) broke up with me(26)
My girlfriend would go to prom without me
I (20F) think my friends (various ages) are jealous that I bought a house so young and are not being nice to me
How do I get my friend to realize her other group of friends are crappy people?
My (21 M) friend (21 F) told me she was dating somebody, and I felt a spark of adrenaline, then sad, then back to normal. Does this mean I still have feelings for her?
I (20F) think my friends (various ages) are jealous that I bought a house so young and are not being nice to me
I [27M] just lost my first real girlfriend and I can’t imagine finding someone as amazing as her again. Tell me this is normal?
My girlfriend would go to prom without me
Am I (21F) wrong to feel betrayed by my (21F) flirting with someone else well we are on a break ?
My (23f) brother (26m) said I was hitting on him when I was drunk. I don't know what to do from here.
Am I (F23) wrong for wanting to visit my BF (M23) or are my (asian) parents way too old fashioned?
I [27M] just lost my first real girlfriend and I can’t imagine finding someone as amazing as her again. Tell me this is normal?
My mom and step dad got divorced and I (15M) don't know if I still want to have a relationship with my step brother (17M)
My girlfriend would go to prom without me
My (21 M) friend (21 F) told me she was dating somebody, and I felt a spark of adrenaline, then sad, then back to normal. Does this mean I still have feelings for her?
Me [43 M] with my wife [29 F] 10 years , I’m losing attraction for my aging wife how should I go about this?
My (26F) boyfriend (30M) raised a fist at me during an argument. Will it get worse?
Should I [32M] break up with my new girlfriend [28F] for losing her job over a “false allegation” for gross misconduct or stay by her side?
My[14F] mom [42F] always dumps her problems on me
My (26F) boyfriend (30M) raised his fist at me during a fight... does it get worse?
Do you think it's ok to pursue an EX's friend?
What does she want?
Help with a very sad friend.
My (24 F) boyfriend (29 M) makes fun of how frugal I am
Do you think it's ok to pursue an EX 's friend?
My (f 23) best friend (f 23) consistently ignores me on social media, is hard to contact and sometimes hard to talk to, but I know it's because she suffers from borderline personality disorder. Does anybody have experience have any advice on how to keep this friendship alive?
How do I (26F) help my best friend's (29M) new girlfriend (24?F) feel more comfortable?
I [22M] think my coworker [21F] likes me, but she doesn't know that I'm gay.
Advice on taking a leap of faith and trust
What does she actually want?
I (25F) am feeling torn between my family and my boyfriend (27M)
What app was my(27) boyfriend(32) on?
I dont know how to break up with my toxic boyfriend
Am I being rude?
I dont know how to break up with my toxic boyfriend
Am I being rude?
Losing love after losing weight
How do I tell my girlfriend she *severely* needs to move on from the past without hurting her feelings?
I (24F) have to have the “abusive ex” talk with my current BF of three months (24M) TL;DR —my abusive ex won’t stop contacting me, how do I bring it up?
Boyfriend (28) depressed or not into me (f29)?
Boyfriend (M28) not into me(F29)
Self-forgiveness (f23) after emotionally cheating on ex (m24)?
Help
Boyfriend not into me?
Curious to hear success stories about relationship breaks and relationships with a lot of fighting in the beginning (24M with 25F LDR)
Can't decide if I [m 34] should break up with my partner [f 45], but I screwed up
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) and I don’t always see eye to eye on things that mean a lot to me and it really bugs me
How do I (24F) bring up the abusive ex,(25M) to my current partner, (24M) without sounding like “I’m not over him”?
Boyfriend Depressed or not interested in me
What should i do!!!??
She (28F) suddenly wants to start wearing condoms with me (29M)
Is my boyfriend depressed or just not interested him me (quartining apart)
Help me :( i need advice
Divorce Advice?
Help me :(
Am I terrible for not wanting to go to my sister's wedding where my cheating ex is the best man?
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) and I don’t always see eye to eye on things that mean a lot to me and it really bugs me
The “abusive ex”. I, (24F) have to bring this up to my (24M) boyfriend. How do I do it and beat the “you’re not over him” stigma?
Divorce Advice?
Am I terrible for not wanting to go to my sister's wedding where my cheating ex is the best man?
The “abusive ex” complex. How can I talk about this and beat the “you’re not over him” stigma?
XPost My (30f) bestfriend (28f) and I "broke up." She still maintains contact members of my family despite being outwardly hostile towards me. Am I being petty or is she?
How can I be better about how I (28F) approach my bf (28M) with issues. I feel like for me it will be something small I want to take 2 minutes to address and then he takes it wrong and it turns into a long drawn out conversation.
I think I (22F) am falling out of love with my boyfriend (22M) and I’ve never been so devastated
I don't know what to believe
I think I (22F) am falling out of love with my boyfriend (22M) and I’ve never been so devastated
[Serious] Will falling in love again be the same?
I [24F] am starting to feel strangely about my [29M] BF's relationship with his [56F] mother
For the men: how long does it take for you know she’s the one you want to marry?
After a horrible relationship, I’m (24f) with an amazing guy (21m) but my past issues keep coming up. Constant worrying about cheating and lying, how do I stop??
My [25F] step-family is deteriorating the relationship with my father [60M] and I don't know what to do
Curious about people who have fought a lot with SO in the beginning of relationship but eventually led to a successful relationship. +relationship breaks
[UPDATE 2] Husband (35M) lying about friendship with female former coworker
Is it apathy, COVID lockdown of something else?
(M25) Does moving in with your s/o change your relationship?
Trouble communicating with my SO
When is the right time to say “I love you”?
I (20M) don´t know how to move with girl (19F) I know from internet, that I like
Mature women. How would you feel about a younger man hitting on you?
I (24f) am in a newish relationship with a guy(21m) who is absolutely amazing...but my past relationship is causing me issues with trust and worries about him cheating and lying when he’s not. What do I do? :(
Mature women. How would you feel about a younger man hitting on you?
My girlfriend is mysterious but loyal
Don't know how I (30m) can support my (23f) gf anymore
Ex gf still views everything I post
Can anyone help explain my friend's behavior?
Can anyone help explain my friend's behavior?
Does moving in with your S/O changed your relationship?
I (30F) love my husband (30M) but also can’t stop thinking about being with others...
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
GF Tried to OD after I broke up with her
How do I (28f) stop hating this other woman (28f)?
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
My roommate [24F] told me she was sick a week and a half in to feeling symptoms and won't get tested because she doesn't feel like it
Me [21 F] with my husband [25 M] duration 2 years, How should I surprise him?
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
How do I (28f) stop hating this other woman (28f)?
Boyfriend says I act better than everyone else- but I don’t see it?
How should I surprise my husband?
Bf wouldnt normally take this job but he is due to it being with friends.
Boyfriend (25) says I act like I’m (29) better than everyone else... but I don’t see it?
Interview request from student journalist at Northwestern University
How should I surprise my husband?
My (22 f) friend (20 f) is trying to reconnect with me after a fight.
Bf taking job he wouldnt normally like, just because its with friends.
Should I tell my cousin that her fiance is cheating on her?
My friend (21M) keeps complaining about how on one will ever love him romantically to me (21F) and I told him he would be hot if he were confident in himself and now he won't talk to me
Should I tell my cousin that her fiance is cheating on her?
My crush told me something disturbing
My Bf (23/M) wants to go to Japan without me, should I (21/F) be okay with it?
My BF (M/23) wants to go with his best friend and girlfriend to Japan. What should I (21F) do?
How to be sexier?
Length of relationships
I'm no longer happy in my [M20] relationship with my gf [F19] but don't have any reason for it and can't bring myself to end it
What is something you wish you could say to your S.O. about something but won’t because you want to avoid an argument?
M29 f28 every time I I defend myself she says I’m gaslighting
Friend (35F) lied to her husband (35M) about where she went to college. She’s terrified he’ll find out and it will be awkward. What should she do?
GF Tried to OD after I tried to break up with her
My sister (40) cheated on her husband (42)
My [22F] teenage sister [17F] is morbidly obese and our mother is an extreme enabler
How do I(21F) explain to my bf(21M) that I want to take time before posting him on social media?
Friend lied to her husband about where she went to college. She’s terrified he’s going to find out and be disappointed. How would you handle this situation in her position?
How do I [34m] contact ex girlfriend [34f] after 2 years?
The Division of Mental Work in Relationships
(22M) Any advice?
My(f, 23) best friend( f,23) consistently ignores me on social media, is incredibly hard to get a hold of and can be hard to talk to but I know it's because she has borderline personality disorder. Does anybody have a similar relationship they've managed to keep alive?
My (f26) feelings towards my partner (26m) are totally inconsistent and I don't know why.
How do I(21F) explain to my bf(21M) that I want to take time with posting him on social media?
(22M) Any advice?
Should I have mutiple sexual partners before marriage?
Close friend (37F) is really hard to work for, how can I (26F) quit without hurting the friendship?
Any advice?
My (26f) feelings towards my partner (m26) are inconsistent - swapping between feeling in love to not wanting to be with him. Does anyone else experience this?
Close friend (37F) is really hard to work with, and I (26F) am unsure how to quit.
Should I (22F) tell my former roommate (22F) about my pattern of sleeping with her boyfriend (22M) (our other roommate)?
Help me!!!
My boyfriend (M22) is ignoring me (F21) on a very important and sad day.
Summer Love
I really dislike my dad and don't know what to do
LDR (28f/26m) trust issues
Have most men been cheated on before? Is this a common thing?
I [F19] feel unworthy of being in a relationship
Is it my (25f) business to know if my boyfriend (24m) keeps in touch with girls he has slept with before?
New here need help
Should I wait it out or move on?
Ex-girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) talked on phone for 2 hours and have not talked since (1 week)
Living with ex
I [20F] don't know how to feel about my boyfriend [25M]
How do I (38F) manage this bizarre feud with my child’s best friend’s father (49m)?
My (32f) boyfriend (39m) gave me a (mild) concussion.
I [20F] don't know how to feel about my boyfriend [25M]
How do I (38F) manage this weird feud with my 7 y/o’s BFF’s dad (M49)?
How do you cope with the fear of falling out of love or losing affection and badly hurting someone you hold so dearly?
I got a big crush on a girl my flatemate dates for two years.
I left my obsessive gf to be happy.
19 and no girlfriend.(sorry If I chose the wrong sub but I need to ask it now).
How do I communicate with my girlfriend?
Ex-girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) talked on phone for 2 hours and have not talked since (1 week) What should I do I want her back??
19 and no girlfriend.(Sorry If I chose the wrong sub but I need to ask it now)
Should I contact my ex girlfriend again after we talked on phone for 2 hours?
My (35f) boyfriend (34m) showing signs of codependency and toxic "people pleasing"
So confused about his feelings right now?
Ex-girlfriend (20F) and I (20M) talked on phone for 2 hours and have not talked since (1 week)
My boyfriend has recently admitted that he’d like to start cross dressing, how do I help?
Any advice is appreciated
2 years in and confused, need advice
Is it weird to date younger in highschool????
Any advice is appreciated
My husband [30M] tried to kill himself tonight. I [25F] don’t know what to do.
Am I (24F) wrong for banning my boyfriend (19M) from my hot tub until he does a certain amount of chores a day?
My [22M] girlfriend [22F] is chronically late to important events
I (M25) don't know what to do about my pretty much wrecked relationship
Can't get over my boyfriend's past
My hypochondriac husband found out he has 2 nodules in his lungs that have increased in size.
I (M25) don't know what to do about my pretty much wrecked relationship
My boyfriend has been trying to break up with me over and over is there something wrong with me?
I (F late 20’a) self sabotage my relationships with men, how can I overcome this ?
Male [26] ex gf [24] playing hot and cold and still says she wants to be with me but is dealing with someone else.
I (F late 20’a) self sabotage my relationships with men, how can I overcome this ?
How do I limit the trauma my (33M) soon-to-be-ex wife's (30F) daughter (8F) experiences?
21F(me) - 31M (7years "relation") - We have only experienced our relation virtually.
My (23F) Boyfriend (34M) got me nothing for my birthday which caused a massive fight
Is it normal to be scared of commitment in a long term relationship?
My (30'sf) husband (30'sM) of 10yrs tells our children they shouldn't feel the way they do, how do I talk to him about this?
My (33F) BF (36M) started using a dating app again after 5 months of dating
Interested in a 3some
Poverty is a big problem.
My friend (F31) is mad at me (F28) because her boyfriend (M32) can’t control himself.
My (33F) boyfriend (36M) started using dating apps again 5 months after we started dating
I just saw my (18M) ex girlfriend (17F) for the first time since we broke up. I need help.
After a year of confusion, I [F17] think I’ve realised a friendship of 3+ years ended with a girl [f17] because she was jealous of the time my boyfriend [M17] spent with me.
Am I in the wrong for freaking out at my ex after she said she didn't have feelings for over a month?
Boyfriend is a gamer and his rage leaves me on edge - Advice?
On the edge of breaking up
Desperate for coping (m26)
After a year, I think I’ve realised a friendship of 3+ years ended because she [17] was jealous of my boyfriend [17]... am I right?
My mom [55 F] was recently diagnosed with depression and is isolating alone. She has met a man online who I [28 M] think is a con man or a dangerous predator. They met, became engaged and are now staying together within 3 weeks and his story does not add up
I am desperate to get over this friendship ending. I can’t forget about it because we share almost all the same friends and my BF is friends with her.... I also dont know what I ever did wrong?
21F I never met the only man who loved me.
I [M22] having troubles to overcome gf’s past - help?
It's my second time feeling extremely jealous over my partner seeing her girl best friend
“The reality of our relationship”
Breakup timing sucks.
My (26F) sister (29F) has a history of lying, stealing, threatening violence, etc. and I'm struggling with how to start holding her accountable.
I (24F) have decided I am leaving my husband (28M). What do I need to do from here?
“The reality of our relationship”
me [m18] her [f18] help please
How do you cope with the fear of falling out of love and badly hurting someone you hold so dearly?
Trouble about bunny
Trouble about bunny
Carving out time with my (26F) husband (26M)?
So my gf 17 was raped a couple of months ago
My (26F) sister (29F) has a history of lying, stealing, threatening violence, etc. and I'm struggling with how to start holding her accountable.
How to get to know my dad better? We haven't seen each other nearly a decade.
I want to be alone for a few days.
Gf thinks I'm only thinking for myself?
Want to leave for a few days on my own.
My (22F) boyfriend(28M) asks me to buy groceries for him, even when we are not living together.
People say "relationships take a lot of hard work" but is this always the case?
Male (26) ex gf (24) playing hot and cold one minute she want to be with me next minute she don’t, she’s also dealing with someone else, i need advice please.
Help! Lack of common conversation topics
Am I wrong for being upset with my best friend being overly stingy?
My family is furious at me not wanting to go to the colleges they chose for me.
what is your opinion on your partner following pornstars or semi naked models on instagram? (M24, F24)
what is your opinion on your partner following pornstars or semi naked models on instagram?
My [M/22] best mate’s [M/24] step brother [M/33] is threatening he and I because we didn’t sell his products
What would be a good way to show your appreciation in a relationship to your partner?
I'm (30F) still mad at my mom (60F) but she's dead.
Meeting girlfriends parents
Ex? Bi-Polar Disorder, Splitting, and moving forward.
Meeting girlfriends parents
Meeting girlfriends parents
I'm (30F) still mad at my mom (60F) but she's dead
Is it time to leave?
How to navigate grief
How can I (20F) stop being lonely when my boyfriend (24M) doesnt talk to me
Having problems with friend after her divorce
BF [M20] shamed me [F19] with his religious beliefs after taking my virginity.
Is it time to leave?
How do I (25F) ask my bf (35M) to try to make less noise when he eats without him getting so defensive about it?
How do I (F, 26) break up with my partner (F, 28) during isolation?
I feel like I am being unheard.
How do I (F, 26) break up with my partner (M, 28) during isolation?
This isn’t normal, correct? Lots of red flags
Boyfriend blames insta activity on his pocket.. why?
I feel like I'm being unheard.
BF(22) doesn't give me as much attention as before and he's aware of it
Boyfriend blames weird instagram activity on being in his pocket
How to navigate grief
How do I ask my bf to try to make less noise when he eats without him getting so defensive about it?
Did I (f/29) make the right decision in declining to hang out with (m/29) and a former crush (f/26) of his?
Did I (f/29) make the right decision is declining a group hang out with (m/29) and a former crush (f/26) of his?
My friend is being self destructive and causing issues for herself and my friend group.
Is it petty for me to withhold my personal friend group from my boyfriend?
Moving out but staying together- is it possible?
Boyfriend wants to hang out with me/my friends but I’ve never met his
Moving out but staying together-can it work??
Did I (f/29) make the right decision in declining a group hang out with (m/29)?
My (24F) 'friendship' with my friend (21M)
BF [M20] shamed me [F19] with his religious beliefs right after taking my virginity.
Former groupmate [32m] keeps bombarding me [25f] with messages
Lots of Red Flags
I'm [34f] obsessed with him [39m] and I don't want to be!
Did my husband (25m) cheat on me(23f) with mutual coworker?(30f)
Boyfriend (18M) became increasingly distant and isolated himself from people until we broke up
I'm Obsessed with him and I don't want to be! tl; dr [34f] wrapped up in feelings for my ex [39m] from over 10 years ago.
How do I move on from a relationship that never was and that never will be?
I think my relationship with my boyfriend is over.
I'm Obsessed [34F] with this guy [39M] and I don't want to be!!!
How to help my aspergers syndrome (diagnosed) brother [M38] with women... [Serious, Please Help]
lots of red flags
I'm F, 19. My boyfriend (19)and my ex(19) may become good friends.
What is that?
My gf doesn’t trust me and doesn’t want me to have any female friends because of the past
Most respectable way for me(19f) to break up with (23m) LDR
Should I [26F] follow my heart or my head?
I'm F, 19. My boyfriend(19) and my ex(M, 19) may be good friends
My (F26) fiancé’s (M29) brother (M29) is going to propose to his girlfriend (F33) on what would have been our wedding day.
Boyfriend (18M) became increasingly distant and isolated himself from people until we broke up
My (20M) Friend saw a video of her (20F) Girlfriend and he liked it
My (F26) fiancé’s (M29) brother (M29) is going to propose to his girlfriend (F33) on what would have been our wedding day.
Going to a different school than my gf HELP!
my boyfriend(A) is friends with my ex(B)
Switching to a different school away from my girlfriend
My mom is becoming too dependent on us to help her get through school
should i give him another chance?
How to bring up my love language is gift giving after my birthday?
Relationship.
I love him and he makes me happy but I’m so miserable
[M] No idea how to meep people now . Failed past relationhips and breakups are always so hard for me.
3 weeks into breakup of 4 year relationship (21M) and (20F) and I realized the wrongdoing the led to breakup. I want to get back with my ex but do it the right way
I (20F) want to travel home while my boyfriend (20M) does not.
Question of trust
I (20F) want to travel home while my boyfriend (20M) does not.
Sex is great and all, but...
Just broke up after around a year and a half of dating and I need advice on how to go forward
Sex is great and all, but...
I (30F) am struggling to reunite my long distance relationship (29M)
i think my boyfriend is out of control
i think my boyfriend is out of control
Should I follow my heart or my head?
Sex is great and all, but...
Advice: Partner (F) is depressed because lack of friends. Looking for ways to be supportive.
Is it wrong of me or unfair to call my friend out on making me feel like a last resort/back-up plan in this situation?
Question of trust ?
iffy university group - should I feel bad for not engaging?
Advice: Partner (F) is depressed because lack of friends. Looking for ways to be supportive.
Gf issue
How do I (23F) deal with my BF's(22M) confidence issues? Talking hasn't helped so far.
I [27F] ratted my youngest brother [15M] out to our parents, but I tried to keep the issue contained.
I Really Need Some Advice!
I want to be a better and more understanding person for myself and the one I love
Boyfriend (29M) want to sell the house I (25F) own to get access to my 60K downpayment to pay off his debt of a similar amount. This makes me uncomfortable. How can I avoid doing this without ending the relationship?
Struggling to reunite with my (30F) boyfriend (29M)
I really need some help on middle school and dating
Is it wrong of me or unfair to call my friend out on making me feel like a last resort/back-up plan in this situation?
I [25M] screwed up my girlfriend’s [25F] birthday. Q
My (23F) BF (22M) has confidence issues...we talk, but there's no progress. How do I deal with it?
My boyfriend (24m) always picks his friends over me (24f)
My (18m) gf (17f) is jealous of my family and keeps saying she is going to leave me.
I need help figuring out the meaning behind some of my friends actions
My mother’s [57F] crazy beliefs and conspiracy theories are driving me [20F] to my wits end and I am genuinely worried about about the future
I (F21) have a strained relationship with my dog (F3) due to my depression
I lost the girl I’ve always wanted because I couldn’t deal with trauma.
My father hit me for the first time, I don’t know how to forgive him
Body count
My (26F) friend's maid of honor (26F) wants to plan a party for her this weekend but I am not comfortable with this?
My (18m) gf (17f) is jealous of my family and keeps saying she is going to leave me.
My (26F) friend's maid of honor (26F) wants to have a "bachelorette party" for her, but I feel uncomfortable going given the current situation?
How do you truly get over an ex after a tumultuous relationship and bad breakup?
I lost the girl that means most to me, and her mom thinks I’m too crazy to be near her again. Advice?
My [17f] boyfriend [17m] is the DRYEST texter!
is this considered r*pe?
How do you truly get over an ex with whom you had a tumultuous relationship?
I (22F) am not my boyfriend’s (27M) type at all
(23m) struggling with ended relationship with (25f) who suffered abuse prior to meeting me.
My(24F) now ex(30M) looking for and sexting other girls was the best thing that ever happened to me!
I’m [M32] married, but can’t stop fantasizing about another women and it’s eating me up inside.
Reconciliation after the pain i(28m) caused to her(26f) is hard.
[20F] real problems with my boyfriend [20M] or just quarantine blues?
Looking for advice! My boyfriend (28) and I (38) are having an argument over an issue I've never had to deal with before. I recently found out he is playing a social network game (IMVU) and pretending to be in these different online relationships with people in the game. He goes in chat rooms
M(26) Resisting urge to move new relationships towards sex
My [22F] boyfriend [20M] made a comment that was unkind and now I’m worried he’s going to be emotionally abusive like my ex.
Me(28f) worried I am wasting my time...
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) turned off his location and is acting weird about it.
Do we need to break up??
Looking for advice as its a new issue for me! My boyfriend and I are arguing because I found out that he is getting into online relationships with people on a social network game called, IMVU. He is going in to chat rooms, pretending to be with these people, taking pictures with their avators in
I (22F) am not my boyfriend’s (27M) type at all
My friend hates my boyfriend and I don’t know what to do?
Advice wanted please; Friend vs boyfriend
Am I making a mistake?
Lockdown saved our relationship
How do I [28F] help my partner [34M] improve his work ethic?
Toxic relationship,but i can leave becouse of my partners mentap issues
How do I help my gf feel loved???
I attract the lowest scum of people
Those of you who are in a long term relationship (10+ years). Are you still head over heels for each other, or has it faded?
My gf hooked up with my best friend in the past
Those of you who have been in a monogamous long term relationship (10+ years). Are you still head over heels for each other, or has it faded?
[25F][26M] Feeling weirdly resentful of my boyfriend’s attraction to me.
Engraved necklace for my SO birthday
My [18F] boyfriend [18M] has been acting different
She likes tall guys now I'm kinda self conscious
Lockdown saved our relationship
Engraved necklace for my SO's birthday
How often should we call each other in LDR?
My (28, F) friend’s (27,F) husband is a pervert. They have two children.
How do I help my gf feel loved????
Me [24 M] with my gf[23F] of 1.5 years do not see eye-to-eye on how she chooses to hangout with a longtime male friend.
How do I (23m) balance instilling good habits vs. being overly controlling of my gf (21F)?
My [18F] boyfriend [18M] has been acting different
My (24F) SO (26M) raped me but I still love him
How do I help her feel loved?
How do you cope with a parent not liking you? Me (28F) and my dad (65M)
I’m a man and just ordered a magic wand for my own pleasure, am I bad?
why do guys watch porn in relationships?
Why do guys watch porn in relationships
Why do guys in relationships watch porn?
My sister cursed me and our dog out, and I scolded her but she only gave me the attitude
Ending a quarantine-relationship
I [26 M] feel like I can't trust anyone to be faithful anymore
My (28F) is calm/comfortable but not passionate
My younger sister cursed me and later, our dog which I scolded to her about and she gave me the attitude
Why is my ex going hot and cold? It’s confusing me i need some positive advice please?
Did he cheat?
Love on the rocks - Depth of love for her (f49) took me (m50) by surprise
First year anniversary jewelry gift for my wife? We have been together for 7 years and she likes very simple jewelry for the most part.
My boyfriend (25M) dug up some old info about me (25F) online... is this a red flag?
First year anniversary jewelry gift for my wife? We have been together for 7 years and she likes very simple jewelry for the most part.
Is this an abusive relationship?
I (28F) am calm and comfortable rather than passionate around my first boyfriend
I [26 M] feel like I can't trust anyone to be faithful anymore
First year anniversary jewelry gift for my wife? We have been together for 7 years and she likes very simple jewelry for the most part.
How to cope with not being desirable?
First year anniversary jewelry gift for my wife?
Next door apartment neighbor (late 20sM) berates people for a living, scared to confront him
Is my relationship toxic?
43 Year old married guy fed up with rejection from wife so decided to buy sex wand for myself, am I bad?
I [26 M] can't get over the fear I'll be cheated on eventually
Is it normal for an early relationship to be calm and comfortable rather than passionate?
My first ever boyfriend and I hit 5 years soon
I want to be with my boyfriend, but he doesn't communicate with me.
Should I stay or should I go?
My first ever boyfriend & I hit 5 years soon
Bf broke up with my cos I’m “too good” for him
Taking in my [F34] husband's [M35] ex-wife's daughter [F5]?
He monkey branched from me, and I am utterly broken even though I shouldn't be
(F24) and (M23) - Problems over boyfriend's female co-worker. I can't get over it & need advice.
I (M19) don't know what to do, this girl (F19) is a completely different person around others.
Taking in my [F34] husband's [M35] ex-wife's daughter [F5]?
Bf (28M) believes conspiracy theories... help?
I [M/25] came out as bi to my best friend [M/27] of 20 years and now he is too supportive and it’s getting on my nerves
Next door apartment neighbor (late 20sM)berates people for a living, scared to confront him
Me and my ex are currently going through it trying to fix our relationship. What should i do in this situation? She’s being hot and cold
My girlfriend and twin sister don't get along
I (26f) moved out of our flat after an argument with my SO (26m). 2 years together, not sure if lockdown is the reason it got this far?
Feeling bad about hygiene choices. Help?
Next door apartment neighbor (late 20sM)berates people for a living, scared to confront him
I [F23] have been talking to someone [M23] for almost seven months now and we still haven’t made things official. Should I step back or keep trying to make things work?
I'm [25M] feeling sad and lonely because I have to wait until fall till I can find a cute small Asian girlfriend
I (29f) don’t like my best friends (28f) boyfriend (39m)
Me (F24) Bf (M23) Insecurities about female co-worker.. am I being unreasonable?
Changing my [24f] profile picture might make him [26m] more distant?
I’ve [23F] been seeing this guy [25M] for some time and he has mommy issues?
I [25F] have just found out the extent of my partner's [29M] criminal record, and I don't know if I want to stay around.
I [F23] have been seeing a guy [M23] for almost 7 months now but we still haven’t made anything official. Should I step back or continue pursuing him?
I’ve [23F] been seeing this guy [25M] for some time and he has mommy issues?
Men with mommy issues?
I (25M) am starting to date again after breaking up with my ex (23F) but my ex and I continued texting, how do I tell the new girl(24F)?
How to have your husband back home with your kids again
22M problems with commiting to romantic relationships, looking for advice
As a Woman, What Are Tangible Ways I can Show Healthy Vulnerability and my Soft Side?
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) is asexual and I don’t know how to deal with it
Am I being unreasonable?
How to overcome feelings of contempt?
Question about relationships from a 22M
How do I get my Dad to know that 2-3 place nationally is way to high of an expectation?
Boyfriend called me names during an argument, I love and want to stay with him but can’t seem to let it go
Why is my ex acting like this? It’s confusing me, i need some advice please?
So my dad keeps attacking me over the smallest things
https://zoom.us/j/984185755?pwd=YWdjUmlhQjEveGlZb01xZWxMWjVhZz09 Zoom code 10 am
My boyfriend treated his ex better than he treats me (LONG)
How to overcome feelings of contempt?
My boyfriend (23m) doesn’t seem to care if I (23f) live close to him or not
Is it weird that he (M24) is still using tinder after 6 months?
My(22M) GF(20F) wants to go to a very crowded place this Saturday night and I don't feel it's safe
spill the tea about a bad hookup / date and i’ll talk about it on my podcast called “love you, mean it”
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) is asexual and I don’t know how to deal with it
I'm (f/31) scared of dating and feeling insecure due to horrible break up
Am I making it out to be more than it is? M29, F26
Date night is getting repetitive in quarantine. Any ideas?
He doesn't want to be part of "my world"
Ex (M28) wants to rekindle a relationship with me (M24), but I'm torn whether to stay friends or move on.
I have misophonia, maybe that's the real reason we broke up.
I (17F) think my best friend (17F) is codependent on me
Am I in denial, or is she?! (29M, 26F)
I suffer from misophonia... maybe that caused our breakup.
My family doesn’t show appreciation and interested in the things my girlfriend does and it is affecting our relationship badly.
I (29m) lost my (29F) girlfriend when she was naked, and she broke up with me because she claimed I was 'disrespectful' for doing so
I(24f) broke it off with my bf(25m) because after 2 years together, he's moving out instead of staying to work on things and I believe in progression in a relationship, and at this point in the relationship, I need to live with my partner to have stability
I [21M] do not know how to get a girlfriend
Second thoughts and temptation
Finally getting over regret
Advice by
Second thoughts and temptation...
I (M19) can't get over my ex (F21) (NSFW)
Can Men & Women Just Be Friends?
My boyfriend..help me lol
Me (26M) is getting frustrated with my other coworker (36M)
I'm 26 M, Coworkers are 36 M, 40 M, Should I leave my job?
My boyfriend...help me
Is He (22M) Genuinely Interested in a Relationship with Me (21F) or just after a Quick Fling? I have never been in a relationship or even kissed, help me understand Please?
My sister [28F] is getting on my [23F] nerves...
I (17F) think my best friend (17F) is codependent
My sister’s getting on my nerves…
Should I leave my job?
I want that D
7 days no contact
Please help. Is my dad a pervert? How do I handle the situation. Read further
Is my dad a pervert? I am tired of going back on forth. Any advice?
7 days no contact
Is my dad a pervert? I am tired of going back on forth on the same question.
Entitled Friend Ends friendship over not getting his way.
My (M31) wife (F29) of just under a year, five years of relationship, ignores me whenever she’s upset and she knows it drives me crazy.
Friend is entitled
Good intentions aren't always for the best.
My (M31) wife (F29) totally blanks me when she’s upset about something and it pushes me to the edge of rage.
Good intentions
My Love story ❤️
I suck at dating. Should I go on a second date? (Im clueless)
BIG issues with roommates
How can I (22 F) address my boyfriend’s (24 M) increasingly concerning behavior toward me?
Housemate [m24] healthy lifestyle is beginning to worry me.
My (21F) childhood bestfriend (22F) just broke up with me and I don't know what to do
What should I say to her?
My [28F] boyfriend [29M] isn't who he once was, but I love our rabbit too much to leave.
Feel like I'm about to lose my best friend whom I love much, if I haven't already. Need advice
My (F19) boyfriend (M21) doesn't seem to want to cuddle as much as I do. In a long term relationship, how much do healthy people cuddle?
I need your help. I might be on the verge of losing my first friend
What should I say to her?
is it simping if you're in a relationship?
My (19F) boyfriend (21M) doesn't want to cuddle every night. Is this normal?
My [28F] boyfriend [29M] isn't who he was anymore, but I can't leave our rabbit.
Do people in long term relationships cuddle every night? My (19F) boyfriend (21M) says he doesn't want to and won't.
Blocked by best friend due to neediness
Do people in long term relationships cuddle every night?
Blocked by best friend due to neediness
Help me
BF has little interest in our relationship we have newborn
Huge fights with my parents regarding my career choice
22F, First Love, Crazy Parents, Drama. Read if you like long stories.
Advice on falling for a Religious girl
Am I being selfish or is my bf not giving me attention
Friend (M27) didn't show up to interview that I (F25) set up for them.
My crush came out as non-sexual. Could we find a healthy dynamics?
How do I stop being defensive?
Please help!
My best friend (21F) is attracted to me and I don't know how I (21M) feel about her.
My (F32) partner (M34) can’t show affection to those closest to him but finds it easier with others in his outer circle or strangers. Help?!
Should I stay or should I go?
My best friend (21F) is attracted to me (21M) and I don't know how I feel about her.
Please help me make sense of how my ex could do this to me?? I feel devasted and utterly expendable.
Advice: How do I stop being defensive?
I need help
[Advice]: How do I stop being defensive?
Guiltily Overshared
Guilty Oversharer
My BF (25M) won't make time for me (25F) anymore. It hurts.
My wife doesn’t love me anymore. I don’t know what to do
Fiance(m25) thinks he does not and will not make mistakes towards our daughter (8m) and me (f25) pointing out that he might is wishing something bad to happen to her.
This subreddit is stupid
My BF (25M) won't make time for me (24F) anymore. It hurts.
My parents disapprove of me moving in with my boyfriend.
How it be wrong if I (21f) hid/did not tell my SO(29M) about being sexually assaulted ?
My parents disapprove of me moving in with my boyfriend.
Is it insensitive to upload a video like this if you have a boyfriend?
My dad
I believe my wife doesn’t love me anymore. I don’t know what to do.
Monogamous partner M/33 slept with boss in past and is having her stay the night. Partner says I F/37 is being unfair
I asked my girlfriend to stop talking to someone who didn't respect our relationship
I found photos of other women on my husbands phone
Monogamous partner M/33 slept with boss in past and is having her stay the night. Says I F/37 is being unfair
Husband has pictures of other women on his phone
My girlfriend broke up with me and said I was too controlling, but I agree and I don't know what to do now
Not sure if I (25F) should leave my financially dependent partner (28M), finishing his PhD... :(
Am I (F 20) an abusive partner? What’s wrong with me? (help/advice please)
Monogamous partner slept with boss and is having her stay the night. Says I’m unfair.
Monogamy... Forever?
moving our secretly tomorrow morning, don’t want to tell my dad goodbye in person
Is it okay for me to start liking him because he made a move on me?
How do I (20M) go about helping my close friend (18F) who is distraught over graduation?
secretly moving out tomorrow morning, don’t want to say goodbye to my dad in person
Do married couples really never kiss or sleep with anyone else?
Am I (f 20) an abusive partner? what’s wrong with me? (Help/advice please)
Last night I broke down to tears at the thought of loosing my girlfriend. Need some advice.
Tried breaking up and it didn’t work
Am I emotionally/verbally abusive? What’s wrong with me (help/advice please)
Boyfriend (m26) likes to have online sex with other girls more than having sex with me (f20)
My ex (30M) wants me to give him a few days but I (25F) have no idea what to do
I (f20) feel like my boyfriend (m26) is losing interest in me sexually and intimately.
Am I verbally/emotionally abusive? What’s wrong with me (Help/advice please)
I am currently in a long-distance relationship with my girlfriend and I'm wondering how I can make her smile in these tough times?
Am I the asshole (cheating story)
Am I the asshole (cheating story)
Am I the asshole? Cheating story
What exactly is a “healthy relationship?”
I (21M) cheated on my SO (20F) a few years ago and i’m having trouble
[gay male 37, my boyfriend is 31, been together 3 1/2 years] Am I the only one who completely avoids their partner's family?!
Me [32M] with my "girlfriend" [36F] of 5 months, we broke up and I didn't feel anything while doing it.
Am I the only one who completely avoids their partner's family?
I (28M) got mugged and stabbed, and then recently my mom died. My girlfriend (25F) is absolutely convinced I need to see a therapist and thinks I am not 'emotional' enough. She has started saying there must be something wrong with me for me to not care. I do care, just not the way she wants me to.
What defines a healthy relationship?
How to deal with guilt?
How to deal with guilt?
I (23F) told my step-niece (6F) that I’m not related to her or her mom (26F, my step sister) and my dad is disappointed in me for telling her
How to deal with my(18F) brother(13M)
How to deal with my(18F) brother (13M)
Boyfriend thinks I’m cheating on him.
6 year relationship and he wants a break?
Toxic Relationship for OVER a YEAR and a HALF
Dating someone who’s not my 26F type?
Boyfriend thinks I’m cheating on him, always asks me if I’m sleeping with other men.
(F24) Need to let this out after talking to my boyfriend (M24)
Boyfriend going back to rehab
My (F26) roommate (M40) just tried to kiss me
How to find out if your SO is cheating?
6 year relationship and he wants a break
I told my bf I wasn’t sure if I wanted to be with him anymore, now he’s upset.
gift for my daughter
Partner's parents manage to constantly "one-up" my gifts to him and it's reached a breaking point
[3 YO Relationship] I [24M] like the idea of my girlfriend [19F] flirting with other men.. Will it harm my relationship?
Need to let this out after talking to my boyfriend
I'm (25M) am jealous of all the couples that can quarantine together
Question regarding about breakup
My boyfriend (25M) isn’t there for me emotionally (23F)
I've not talked to my best friend since Sunday due to her abusive boyfriend not wanting us talking, I'm having trouble only thinking about the negative
A Hypothetical Story
Does everyone eventually forget their ex's? (short and long term relationships?)
Falsely accused of something by a fellow student: why would anyone do this?
My girlfriend thinks I called her fat, help?
I [24M] like my girlfriend [19F] flirting with others, will it harm my relationship?
I (F22) don't think my mother (F59) deserves sympathy for an affair, she disagrees with me
Falsely accused of something by a fellow student: why would anyone do this?
Temporarily Overwhelmed
Couldn’t post on r/teenagers cause my karma so here
GF Protective Parents / moving in
Update: My (30m) SO (30f) doesn't want me doing ecstasy with my friend because it's "kinda gay", but I just found out she does the same thing.
I [23M] was recently hired at a firm where nobody wears a facemask/socially distances and it makes me feel incredibly uncomfortable....what do I do?
Got back together, but i am unsure
Protective Parents / GF Moving In
Fiancé (27F) and I (26M) are growing even more apart
I like my girlfriend flirting with others, will it harm my relationship?
Soulmates through tinder ?
What lies do you tell in your relationship?
I [23M] was just recently hired at a new company where nobody wears a facemask or socially distances themselves....what do I do?
A hypothetical story
greetings
I feel like my (24f) boyfriend (33m) loves me as a friend rather than an intimate girlfriend?
I feel like my (24f) boyfriend (33m) loves me as a friend, rather than a girlfriend
I (29F) am moving 4 hours away for grad school in 2 months and my boyfriend (28M) is spending all his spare time gaming and I feel really alone.
This is probably common right?
What do you do when you're aware of your toxic behavior yet you can't do anything about it?
Relationship lies? I lied to bf to spare his feelings
I [21M] am depressed because I can't get a girlfriend
My dad finally drunkenly admits I was unwanted at 70yrs old. My half-sister just tells me she's pregnant at 21.
Is this twilight??
Should I (23F) tell my boyfriend (24M) that I think I’m bi?
[26F] Is it love or does distance really make the heart grow fonder?
[26F] Is it love or does distance really make the heart grow fonder?
Advice?
I want to cry rn
Lockdown has ruined my relationship. Idk what to do? I am convinced it’s over but don’t know how to get out.
Lockdown has ruined my relationship. Idk what to do? I am convinced it’s over but don’t know how to get out.
I feel like my boyfriend is making my sexual assault about him. I don’t know if I’m overreacting?
I asked my ex to hang out now I'm not sure.
Just found out my (35F) partner (32M) doesn’t usually brush his teeth in the morning and I am so disturbed.
Handling Flirting/Cheating
SPECIAL GREAT NEWS FOR ALL PARENTS AND THEIR KIDS
Advice
Findom
For those of you who moved to your SO’s hometown, how do you/did you deal with feeling like an outsider?
Handling Flirting/Cheating
I miss the beginning of mine and my girlfriends relationship
Relationship lies? I lied to my bf to spare his feelings
My gf just told me that she also had feelings for women
I [m29] think my gf [f25] of 1.5 years may be emotionally abusive or maybe I’m just crazy.
My (25f) friend (25f) just moved in and her boyfriend (24m) stays the night 4 or even 6 sometimes nights a week. We’re both single moms. How do I tell her it’s too many nights?
How can I (30F) help my boyfriend (30M) feel less anxious and defensive during serious conversations?
Help
I (22f) hate my dad (65m) and I feel horrible
I don’t know what to do.
3 way relationship
More comfortable with romantic love than family love?
Mother (70) Dismisses My Paternal Role Raising My Niece (f11) And Calls Her A Stray
Want to help my girlfriend discover herself
My(f23) boyfriend (m23) said “I don’t know what to do with you” what does this mean...?
More comfortable with romantic than family love?
My(18f) bestfriend (17m) of 5 years has been distant
Me [22 M]
Is it normal if woman I am romantically pursuing doesn’t want to meet up with me right now has no problems hanging out with her friends in large get-togethers/ beach trips?
My(f23) boyfriend(m23) said “I don’t know what to do with you” what does this mean..?
My boyfriend said “idk what to do with you” what does this mean..?
Should I[22F] breakup with my boyfriend[25M] because of our past problems that I can't get over with? Please help.
More comfortable with romantic love than family love?
How can I become more comfortable with my partners female friend?
What is wrong with me?
Husband (39m) gaslighting me (39f) or does he believe his lies?
I[22F] think I should breakup with my boyfriend[25M] because of our past problems that is haunting my head up to this day
My girlfriend [20F] just broke with me [23M] because "This isn't working, you give me more love than I feel for you, you desere better". Can I save this?
Am i overthinking?
My Mom (f70) Called My Niece (f11) A Stray
Next door apartment neighbor (late 20s?M) berates people for a living, scared to confront him
A four year relationship that has no future. Living a lie.
Next door apartment neighbor (late 20s?M) berates people for a living, scared to confront him
My boyfriend [34/m] shuts me [29/f] out and refuses to talk whenever we have an argument.
Don’t know if this is the right subreddit but... what is the best way to get people to accept your friend requests on Snapchat?
What is wrong with me?
A four year relationship that has no future. Living a lie.
It’s been five weeks and my boyfriend hasn’t texted back.
A four year relationship that has no future. Living a lie.
Apartment neighbor (late 20s?M) has been berating people at the top of his lungs, I’m scared to confront him
Apartment neighbor (late 20s?M) has been berating people at the top of his lungs, I’m scared to confront him
My (F, 36) EX FLAME (M, 33) lied about his current "open" relationship, should I tell his GF? (F, 28)
I messaged my boyfriend's ex
How to tell a girl her bf cheated on her with me...
Has Covid-19 lockdown affected your relationship negatively? Me(24f) and my boyfriend(m30) seen to have drifted apart in the last month and we’re both stressed.
Can’t tell if I’m interested in the people I meet or if I’m scared to commit to anyone
10 Texts To Make Him COMMIT
Whenever my bf (m/21) and I (f/21) get into a fight, he always somehow shifts pressure off of himself and onto me.
confused over past feelings?
What should I (25 F) do if I'm scared of Ex (28 M)?
I'm in a relationship that I forced myself to be in out of desperation
Dating an emotionally volatile Wall Street Trader - help
Wife (F27) won $16k online gambling, should I (M32) be worried?
Help with Neighbors
Love Fest weekend
Wife (37F) won $16k online gambling yesterday, should I be concerned?
How could it work for me (f26) and him (20)
Do I (23f) miss my cheating ex (24m) because I’m still in love with him? Or do I have attachment issues?
How do I [23F] set boundaries with my overbearing coworker/friend [26F] of 8 months?
How do you cope with not being someone's first choice?
My boyfriend (28M) keeps getting angry at my "lack of ambition" even though I just have different ambitions than him (27F)
Not sure what to do. Advice?
Do I (23f) miss my cheating ex (24m) because I’m still in love with him? Or do I have attachment issues?
not sure how to cope with this
I (38f) left his (45m) house but his dad and 2 kids really depended on me and now I feel guilty.
My boyfriend (M28) bought me (F24) an $80 coffee cup and I reacted poorly. How do I approach this and apologize?
I[22 M] have been with my girlfriend [22 F] for six months, and I'm not sure if our goals for the future are aligned - try to make it work or break up?
I (24F) confessed to my supervisor (27M) and now I can't face him
My boyfriend (M28) bought me (F24) an $80 coffee cup and I reacted pretty poorly. How do I approach this and apologize?
She’s [26 F] hesitant about having a relationship with me [33 M]
I'm at my wits end with my MIL
Breaking away from a friend is really hard.
My mom is driving me Insane and i'm starting to hate her
Breaking away from someone who was once a close friend is really hard.
I [22 M]have been with my girlfriend [22 F] for six months, and I'm not sure if our goals for the future are aligned
My mom is driving me insane and i'm starting to hate her
I [28M] Just Learned Something About My Gf [23F] That Really Bugs Me
I reacted (f24) reallllly badly to an expensive gift my boyfriend got me (m28), we've been in a relationship for a little over a year now. Any advice?
What are some ways to be a better girlfriend?
I regret breaking up with my ex - its been a year and I'm still in love with him
Would you be mad at your daughter if she went behind your back and did this?
My (24f) husband (27m) sister (35f) hates me for canceling our original wedding date and we have not spoke in a year.
I hate my boyfriends family
I hate my boyfriends family
To date or not to date?
Why do I (19F) feel like I have to follow and do everything my girlfriend (21F) does? Has anyone had this experience?
I hate my boyfriends family
My husbands (27M) Sister (35F) Hates me (24F)because I canceled our original wedding date and now a year later we still aren’t speaking.
I(28M) Just Learned Something About My gf(23F) That Really Bugs Me
i (m14) found my mom (f30) sleeping in my closet?
Why do I (19F) feel like I have to follow and do everything my girlfriend (21F) does? Has anyone had this experience?
My (40f) husband (41m) groped my sister in law 4 years ago and I don't know how to get everyone past this.
I’m so confused about my ex
So I would like to be in a relationship but sometimes I feel like I only attract guys who care about how I look
Ex (m25) who I (f23) almost dated several years ago still follows me and watches my stories
I’m so confused about my ex
My wife (25F) left me (26M) after 7 years due to mania bipolar - She got better, wants to work things out, BUT there's a catch... She won't cut out the person she started dating after me
Questioning my (25F) future with my loving boyfriend (25M)
Just like that, it ended
23 year old F. I kiss/ sleep with all my friends
Just breakup
Today I [24F] lost my best friend and amazing partner [25M].
My (M31) wife (F30) routinely yells at me when upset
Guy I nearly dated several years ago never stopped following me on ig and still watches all my stories
My wife (25F) left me (26M) after 7 years due to mania bipolar - She got better, wants to work things out, BUT there's a catch... She won't cut out the person she started dating after me
I(28M) Just Learned Something About My gf(23F) That Really Bugs Me
Guy (m28) I've(f28) been seeing for four months every weekend says he might not want to get together this weekend as he might need some time to himself. This caused instant anxiety. Is this bad or does he just need done time to do some stuff on his own?
He (24M) wants to break up with me (23F)
COVID Wedding?! HELP! I still wanna marry my lady!
I kiss/ sleep with all my friends
COVID Wedding? HELP! I still wanna marry my lady!
How do I (F34) tell my ex (M35) that his friend (M35) and I are falling for each other?
I (21f) blocked my male friend (22m) after he accused me of leading him on and playing with his feelings...did I?
Relationship Pattern
Should I tell her?
How do I (F34) tell my ex (M35) that his friend (M35) and I are falling for each other?
She showed interest, kissed me, but still loves her crush?
Am I a rebound?
I asked my ex to hang out now I dnt think its a good thing.
My [27F] husband [33M] applied for a job across the country without telling me
I (M16) don’t know if I’m being a good enough best friend to my best friend (M17)
Nothing compares... to you
Thoughts about other people?
I (M16) don’t know if I’m being a good enough best friend for my best friend (M17)
Faked her death, then came back to me? Help.
Boyfriend doesn’t find me sexy
Am I (22m) in the wrong for hooking up with my friends (21m) old fling (20f)?
Am I [32F] the consolation prize or just really insecure?
My [M28] wife's [F29] eating habits are driving me nuts.
How to tell if she 30f is only taking to me 30m out of pity
My [27F] husband [33M] lied about applying for a job on the other side of the country
I am stuck in relationship with my girlfriend.
Am I [32F] the consolation prize or just really insecure?
How do I 30m know she 30f is only taking to me out of pity
HEAR ME Out! Males question
How to tell a girl only talks to you out of pity?
My (M23) brother (M21) punched me over a jar of pickles.
I (24M) am stuck in a relationship
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Should I fight for there to be a relationship or should I walk away
My (M23) brother (M21) punched me over a jar of pickles. Did I deserve it?
I[27f] didn't get my fiance[27m] anything for his graduation, which spiraled into a discussion about how I'm not generous or thoughtful. Any tips on how to be a better partner?
My [22M] BF blocked me on twitter
I [23F] have a BMI of 19 and my boyfriend [25M] thinks I am fat.
My father [56M] acts like he was a saint raising me [29F] and my siblings even though he's the reason all of have had to go to therapy.
Supporting a long distance girlfriend who has been raped.
Should i move out from home - F21
Why are brown guys looked so down upon ?
How can I (21F) stop comparing myself to his (26M) ex?
I’m 18 and my girlfriends pregnant
Im rich but looking for who will love me for me and not my money
WFH means I (F29) have two full time jobs--and we don't even have kids (he M 39)
I (23M) have problems improving myself if it’s not for someone else.
Ex-boyfriend (33M) who cheated on me (30F) threatens suicide if I cut contact off with him.
My (20f) Roommate (20f) Is Stalking My Friend (23f)
Boyfriend (26) masterb8ing to ex’s porn
I’m afraid of getting into a relationship.
I’m afraid of getting into a relationship.
WFH means I (F) have two full time jobs (and we don't even have kids).
Babydaddy cheated on GF
I’m afraid of getting into a relationship.
My (23f) gf (28f) of two years just told me she fell out of love with me
Status report
Me (M28) and my friend (F23) of one year want to speak our mind about one of our friends (F28) recently recycled relationship
I'm refusing to interact with my dad after he said terrible stuff about some teenagers not wearing masks
Me (M28) and my friend (F23) can’t be fake supportive of our mutual best friends toxic relationship
Status Report
Me (M28) and my friend (F23) can’t be fake anymore
I (22M) want to break up with my girlfriend of 2.5 years (22F) but don’t know how and have been teetering for a long time
I (27F) caught my boyfriend (33M) posting/messaging men and women on fetish sites and craigslist
I (22M) have been teetering over breaking up with my girlfriend (22F) for almost a year now and am lost
Dating someone who’s not your physical type ? (26F)
Boyfriends parents hate me and make inappropriate comments
Where is the line between being supportive through your s/o’s mental health issues, and stepping back to avoid over dependency?
Dating someone youre not physically attracted to
Complicated Feelings
My (20f) boyfriend (20m) stopped in the middle of sex because i can't get wet.
Virtual Girlfriend Experience
Should i move out of my parents house.
BD cheated on GF
My (20f) bf (20m) stopped in the middle of sex because I can't get wet.
What are some stupidest reasons things ended for you?
I(18F) feel like I owe my ex-boyfriend(17M) an apology
Feeling Distant from My Girlfriend
Step family purposely hid my stimulus check & threw it in the trash. I am having a mental break down & my bf who i am living with tested positive. We both do not qualify for unemployment due to not meeting criteria.
I Would Use People So I Wouldn’t Have To Be Alone
Boyfriend is masterb8ing to ex’s porn
My (36M) bf is taking everything I got (30f)
My (M18) girlfriend’s (F17) ex boyfriend/best friend recently committed suicide and she is taking it terribly
Bf stopped in the middle of sex and said he didn't want to anymore.
Since when has is it became the “ cool” thing to be a slut? Or I guess a “Cumslut” “Cumwhore”?
I don't know if I(
I'm a 27M been in a relationship for a couple of months with a 24M and need advice on caring less
I'm not sure if I (20F) should end my relationship with my boyfriend (20M)
Has anyone else had to explain respectful communciation to a romantic partner?
I'm a 27M in a relationship for a couple of months with a 24F and need some advice on caring less
I [21F] struggling to end it with [25M] fiance of 4 years
I've been in a relationship for a couple of months and I need some advice on caring less
Bf hinted I should be like his neighbour
Friends who Dump You
Am i overthinking him talking about his neighbours body?
My boyfriend (19) told me (19) he doesn't trust himself around other girls
Getting Ready for the Right Relationship
Not sure if I was sexually assaulted by my ex, feeling emotional and need support :(
My (23f) bf (24m) constantly get mad at me for communication. Is I controlling or am I just bad ?
One sided friendship with rich friends (an unequal investment of time and money)
Boyfriend of over 1 year [m 36] doesn't want me[F 26] to visit his house am I over thinking this situation?
My(21f) mom(44) has gone down the conspiracy rabbit hole and it’s likely to affect my business. I don’t know what to do.
The guy I’m seeing (M/24) has lost my (F/20) and now I can’t really trust him... how should I go about this?
My boyfriend of over a year [m 36] won't invite me [F 26] over to his house. What should I do?
One sided friendships with rich friends (an unequal investment of time and money)
My girlfriend (18F) seems to not be good so i (17M) want to help her and our relationship.
I'm [23F] hurting from the fact that my boyfriend [23M] loves me more than I love him
The guy I’m seeing (M/24) has lost my (F/20) trust... how should I go about this?
Need to know if I'm(26) just overreacting in my relationship with bf(26)
Not sure if my(26) boyfriend(26) is abusive
Don’t wanna introduce gf to family
AITA for leaving (23M) my "girlfriend" after she (23F) cheated then got raped right after?
I [19F] want to breakup with my boyfriend [22M] over his reaction to our unplanned pregnancy.
Getting Ready for the Right Relationship
Do I (F21) still love my (M24) bf?
I think I'm addicted to porn. I can't feel aroused without it. Need advice/ suggestion/ help to get over this.
My (M18) girlfriend’s (F17) ex boyfriend/best friend recently committed suicide and she is taking it terribly
Do I really love him still?
I think I'm addicted to porn. I can't feel aroused without it. Need advice/ suggestion/ help to get over this.
Me [20M] with my GF[19F] of 2 years are on a break and I need advise
Drowning in rejection
Boyfriend sleeps alone and watches porn
Stuff
My boyfriend's aunt is likely not going to make it because of corona, how can I help comfort him?
Does my boyfriend really love me if he's moving away?
Trying to move on or resolve my inner struggles (relationship related)
I (21) want to open our relationship, but I feel guilty?
When is the right time to move back in after a breakup with your partner?
Trying to move on or resolve my inner struggles (relationship related)
One sided heartbreak
How to only see her as a friend temporarily?
My (27/M) inner monologue puts me down constantly. Is this kind of self-directed feedback normal?
My boyfriends and his party ways are ruinning our relationship
Boyfriend of over a year won't let me visit his house. What would you do? Thoughts?
Am I [29F] supposed to be giving my husband [30M] random BJs/HJs just because?
My (27/M) inner monologue puts me down constantly. Is this kind of self-directed feedback normal?
How can I help to make my platonic presence in my guy friend's life not threatening to his new partner?
Intrusive boyfriend
How can I act to make my platonic presence in my guy friend's life not threatening to his new partner?
BF [31M] doesn’t eat me out unless I ask - but for me this is a turn off. I’m at a mental block and feel undesired. What to do?
Is there any hope is my relationship?
Its my life dont be sad
I'm [22 F] feeling guilty to move out of my parent's [50's M/F] house
My GF is not a fan of the gym, or myself going to the gym for long periods of time, its starting to effect the both of us...
What are some ways to heal after a recent breakup?
Friend got w/ my ex and I lashed out at him, am I the asshole?
I (24M) can’t satisfy the emotional and physical needs of my GF (22F) of 2 months
What are some ways to heal after a recent breakup?
Ex changed their first name to my last name
Is this the end of our relationship?
What are some things to do during a breakup?
How can I [24F] help my boyfriend [37M] come to terms with his financial regrets, or at least take his mind of them?
Ahole long distance boyfriend
I (32/f) drove from MA to CO with a friend (28/f) and called her out on her attitude while we were here, and she’s basically been ignoring me since. Do I have to drive back with her or can I just book a flight?
Is this supposed to happen in a long term relationship?
My (m30) wife (m30) doesn't trust me alone with my best friend even though he and I are both straight. How do I fix this?
Because of my (18F) ex (19M), I seem to always overthink things with my current boyfriend (18M) and always have a fear that he will leave the way my ex did.
Should I (44M) tell my friend (34M) that my ex (29F) cheated on him?
I[F21] am in love with a boy[M22] i cannot live with cuz of Brexit
I (26F) need advice on how to deal with my child's father (M28)
I (M22) had sex with a girl my friend likes.
Recent breakup, insecurities, childish behaviour and blocking on all platforms
I[F21] am deeply in love with a boy[M22] but i can't emigrate to his country cuz of Brexit
Was I (24m) wrong to cold shoulder and slow fade them (23f and 20f)
33F unsure how to continue 12 year relationship
Was I emotionally neglected by my dad?
Toxic parents
I[F21] am deeply in love with a boy[M22] from UK,but i can't emigrate to his country cuz of Brexit
Cheated on partner when I was 16. We are now engaged (24), but they do not know. What should I do?
I (23F) told my step-niece (6F) that I’m not blood related to her or her mom (26F, my step sister) and my dad is disappointed in me for telling her
I’m (28f) after starting a new relationship (30m) but my ex doesn’t want any men meeting his daughter! Am I being unreasonable?
My boyfriend [20] flirts with a girl at work in exchange for her help
Is it ok to be more assertive or even mean to just help someone who cant help himself?
I (26F) need advice on how to handle my child's father (26M)
I'm truly miserable cuz i can't emigrate with my lover
Friend (20F) has stopped contacting me (23M)
24M - used to being single. Adjusting to being in a relationship with 23F. Worried I'm selfish?
I'm miserable because i can't move in with my first love
I'm deeply madly in love with my first love ever,a guy from UK,problem is i can't move in with him cuz of the rules of Brexit since they got out of EU,i feel hopeless and miserable, what should i do?
Cheated on partner when I was 16 (24 now) We are now engaged, but they do not know. What should I do?
Dating a girl, we broke up because I wasn't ready for marriage/kids.. still love her now she resents me
How to start? 22m
Am I (23F) being catfished by possibly my ex (25M), or some random person, or am I being paranoid? Talking for 2 weeks
Dating a girl, we broke up because I wasnt ready for marriage/kids.. still love her now she resents me
How do I start? 22m
My brother is not sleeping and therefore not letting me sleep and it's driving me insane
Is it understandable/ok to be more assertive or even mean just to help someone who cant help themself?
Am I [24M] Just Being Insecure and Sensitive About My Newer Girlfriend [24F] or is There a Red Flag Here?
My Boyfriend of 2.5 Years Cheated On Me Drunk
Is it appropriate for me [25F] to wish my boyfriend [23M] of half a year a happy father's day when his only child was aborted?
Recent breakup, insecurities, childish behaviour and blocking on all platforms
How to only see her as a friend temporarily?
My brother is lying to my mom
23f Trying to get out of shared apartment with ex(30m)
I(23F) am trying to move out my Shared apartment with my ex(30m).
Rekindling a toxic relationships - tips & advice request
Losing hope in relationship with depressed girlfriend [25F]
Am I [24M] Just Being Insecure and Sensitive About My Newer Girlfriend [24F] or is There a Red Flag Here?
Husband lies about marijuana
How to strengthen a relationship in its beginning stages
Explaining my heart out but she can't understand.
I (27M) ruined all of my teen friendships (M) because I wanted to be the best and now I feel like shit
My mom’s boyfriend is getting on my nerves
Me [22F] with my BF [24 M] ~1 year, he's liking scandelous pics on insta... is this appropriate?
Rekindling a toxic relationships - tips & advice request
My (20f) boyfriend (20m) has a severe video game addiction and claims my trust issues are ruining us
I don’t know how to tell my boyfriend I no longer find him attractive
My moms boyfriend is getting on my nerves.
My [17M] girlfriend [15F] of 2 months is a clown
GF (28f) Came Out As Bi To Friends, Hasn't To Me (28m)
I ruined all of my teen friendships because I wanted to be the best and now I feel like shit
How do I [26F] recover from 3.5-year-long emotionally abusive relationship with [31M]?
I [29F] think my ex partner [30M] is either a little too selfish or we are extremely incompatible as friends too.
Should I (23M) keep going with this relationship (21F)
Any advice for me and my girlfriend?
Any advice for me and my girlfriend?
I think my gf wants to break up with me in the near future.
how to support girlfriend who is taking birth control pills
Is it all that?
How would you describe my ex
Friend got w/ my ex and I lashed out at him, am I the asshole?
I [29F] feel like my ex partner [30M] is a little selfish at times and can not compromise.
My boyfriend’s ex is stalking me via my blog where I can’t block her
I masturbate to the thought of my boyfriend and his ex
When I 34f told boyfriend 36m I frequently feel judged/scrutinized by him he told me there are “million of things” he doesn’t say. Do I need to change my perspective or are we incompatible?
Why do I(18M) feel like nobody cares about me if they ignore me at times and I have some people around me?
Does he love me? Or he just wanna leave in USA???
Over a month and no kissing?? (M18) (F17)
My (23F) husband (30M) does not want children. I, however, do. How to proceed?
My(21f) bf(22m) is mean to me and then acts like it never happens and is nice again?
I (23F)*might* have a boyfriend(28M)? I think?
Should I end this friendship for good?
6 days still nothing. Do they ever come back?
Over a month and no kissing?? (M18) (F17)
My (24/F) roommate (24/M is neglecting his dog and screaming at me how I need to stay in my lane.
My (24F) ex (28M) sent me a text and I don't know what it means
My (23F) husband (30M) does not want children. I do. What now?
6 days still nothing
4 Year Relationship, Crazy Parents, Distant Partner, 22F, Drama.
I [17M] made an Instagram post and now I'm being accused of spreading racial stereotypes. What do to?
What should I do????
I’m (30F) insecure, my husband (33M) is sexually repressed and we need help discussing/improving our sex life.
I (20f) know that my boyfriend (21m) loves me, but I dont feel like he likes me. Am I crazy?
4 Year Relationship, Crazy Parents, 22F, Drama.
Boyfriend [21 m] talks to me [25f] like he talks to his dog
Is my(F,26) friend(M,30) an incel?
Does he love me or he's using me just cuz my dad has money???
Father(62) keeps trying to make bad investments
My (21F) partner’s (21M) twin sister (21F) is purposefully sabotaging every attempt he makes to get on track with college/work
Girlfriend (22) in a battle with self identity, mental health, career aspirations
Father(62) keeps trying to make bad investments
My(26F) soon to be ex/ current boss(34M) has severe PTSD and went to the hospital on suicide watch last week. I just found proof that he’s been cheating on me our entire relationship and don’t know how to approach him without sending him into a spiral.
How do you an abusive ex off your mind? (M20) (F21)
Struggling
My (21F) partner’s (21M) twin sister (21F) is purposefully sabotaging every attempt he makes to get on track with college/work
Humiliated
Girlfriend (22) lost in what she wants to do with her life (career)
How do I get him to stop crossing my mind?
Her [28 F] family is cutting her off, SO and I [27 M] are trying to plan our future
How do you stop thinking about your narcissistic ex friend's with benefits?
I (32F) can't stand my boyfriend's (32M) cheap ways and money issues
I (23M) am currently not satisfied with my (F26) girlfriend's flexibity when we have sex
I (30F) asked my (29M) BF to be more gocsl while receiving oral sex
Not satisfied with my girlfriend's flexibility during sex. Positions like doggy are difficult. What are some things that we can try to get her body become more flexible?
Emotional cheating confession
I [23M] feel like my girlfriend [23F] is being self-centered.
I want to distance myself from my family but I’m not sure if I’m overreacting
my boyfriend and i are pulling apart :(
My crush (19F) says I (20M) am free to love her, but she has never said "I love you".
Asked BF to be more vocal during Oral sex
Husband [29M] of 2 years suddenly upset with me [28F] because I don't make spaghetti
Boyfriend picked porn over me
I left her on seen
The Last Straw
I [20sF] am rude to my neighbours [??F] & [??F] because I secretly fancy them
The last straw
Baby daddy cheated on GF
Affectionsless boyfriend
I’m scared to start a new relationship
Just wanted some taco bell
How do I (16f) convince him (20m) to be with me?
I'm unemployed [26F] and it's driving me insane.
Help! He (30M) and I (31F) have different expectations for dating, I can't decide what I want
I just wanted some taco bell
Single female
(2 YEAR UPDATE) I [22/F] slept with my close friend [24/M] not knowing he was in the midst of getting serious with someone. I feel guilty, but should I leave it alone?
Open to making new friends
pro athlete bf (26) confusing me (23) with strange way of dealing with our problems but keeps me around. Is it Control? Is it love? I’m confused.
My (22F) boyfriend’s (23M) family hates me, and I don’t know what to do!
Explaining my heart out but she can't understand.
How do I (22F) know if a relationship is truly toxic?
How do I (22F) know if a relationship is really bad?
My [25m] girlfriend [26f] has been staying at my apartment for the last two months during quarantine. Should she be contributing to rent and bills?
28 YEARS OLD VIRGIN AND NO BOYFRIEND SINCE BIRTH
My (25m) girlfriend (26f) has been staying at my apartment for the last two months during quarantine. Should she be contributing to rent and bills?
have you ever thought that maybe your partner is not as bad as you labelled them to be?
How to send text to my [22M] ex-girlfriend [22F] when we've been NC for 2 months?
Is it me (23F) being anxiety ridden or am I thinking correct about what’s happening in my relationship with my man (23M)
I (37m) have never been abusive but I snapped and she (36f) left. What do I do now?
Am I (F,22) being silly not joining in a group chat party with the guy (M,22) who sexually assaulted me?
Is it me (23F) being anxiety ridden or am I thinking correct about what’s happening in my relationship with my man (23M)?
How do I convince my mom that leaving my dad is the best option for her?
How can I take the leap for the first time and enter into a relationship? 26M
How many times have you fallen in love?
My sister(17F) implied that I(23M) beat her up to a buch of people and doesn't see anything wrong with it
Commitment issues
Giving more than you get
I(19M) have a very complicated relationship with my crush(F19) and I need your advice
Is it Retroactive jealousy or just lies?
My (23M) GF (18F) stopped talking with me after I said an insensitive meme when she came out as bi.
I [23 M] don't really care for, nor empathize with my father[49 M]. The death of his mother made me realize this. I feel like I don't really know the guy.
How do I convince my mom that leaving my dad is the best option for her?
Different ideas of commitment.
Cant get over her
My [20s F] bf [20s M] is super sweaty. I know this isn't a huge deal but it's made my literal mattress smelly. I love him but this is not ideal. What can we do?
I (19) had a great first date with a girl (21) but I am apprehensive of what's to come
Hmm. What. I like.
I had a great first date but I am apprehensive of what's to come
I[23 Y, M] was in love with a sweet girl[23 Y, F]
I thought relationships were supposed to make you happy, not feel like a piece of shit every waking hour of the day.
33f learning to drive; mom grabbed steering wheel multiple times & is now mad because it upset me. No crash or accident occured
My boyfriend tries to make every conversation more intellectual and deeper than it needs to be.
My (22F) immature friends drive me crazy
25M, I don't know if I should continue pursuing her 25F
Hooking up with my Ex, managing expectations, but what the heck?! [28F] & [27M]
I (28/f) feel like my friend (28/f) and her husband (30/m) were rude to me - am I overreacting?
My (22F) immature friends are driving me crazy
Hopkins g up with my Ex, managing expectations, but what the heck?! [28F] & [27M]
I(16M) am not sure how handle my relationship with my brother(15MI created an account for this post.
Folks in happy long-term relationships/marriages, what did you do to keep the love alive?
Why am I upset and can I get over it?
My mom (63F) refuses to accept my (29F) religious differences
I am pregnant (30F) and my boyfriend (35M) does not want the baby.
Hooking up with my Ex, managing expectations, but what the heck?! [28F] & [27M]
My boyfriend (29M) doesn’t support me (29F) when I need him the most
Shit life
Is it a bad idea to tell my (21f) boyfriend (22m) he’s selfish in bed?
My (29F) boyfriend’s (29M) lack of sensitivity makes difficult times so much worse and I don’t know what to do
I (24F) am worried that my partner (23M) isn’t over his ex.
My cousin is emotionally cheating on his girlfriend with his ex, do I tell her?
I need help
I'm (29M) worried I've ruined my relationship with my pregnant GF (28F)
I (23F) feel terrible saying no to my BF (23M)
My mom (63F) refuses to accept my (29F) religious differences
I think my (30M) girlfriend (25F) is sleeping with, or fantasizing about, my mother (60F).
Boyfriend [25 M] gets night terrors and is sometimes dangerous while he is sleeping, I [24 F] have PTSD. I don't know what to do
My (25F) housemate's (29f) toxic behaviour and relationship with food is affecting my mental health.
I (24F) am worried that my partner (23M) isn’t over his ex.
My ( 27M) GF ( 25F ) is gaslighting me 24/7, never leaves me alone. Is this an abusive relationship ?
I(16M) am not sure how handle my relationship with my brother(15M)
I don’t know how to handle my immature housemates
My boyfriend is preventing us from getting out of the house early in the morning and it’s wearing me down. How can I talk to him about it?
I (28/f) need help navigating friendship with my friend (28/f) and her husband (30/m).
My boyfriends sister hit me during lockdown
I don’t know how to stop being insecure, and I don’t want to put stress on my relationship because of it.
I'm 14 and i think my parents are getting divorced
Help with Retroactive Jealousy or just lies?
I (32M) feel like I am staying with my husband (35M) out of obligation
How to tell my girlfriend I want to stop saying “I love you”
My (26F) soon to be ex(34M) and boss is a master emotional manipulator. I just found out he was cheating and don't think I can confront him without sending him into a suicidal episode. How can I approach this?
New Relationship with Coparenting issues?
My best friend (24F) needs space from me (23F), but is really inconsistent with her words and actions.
My (M 25) partner expressed to me that I don’t check on her (F 24) mental well being. What are some other important aspects to pay closer attention.
Emotionally Abusive Relationship !! I keep going back to, only to realise how bad it is.
Ladies what are some important aspects that can go overlooked in a relationship.
Was I just a distraction?
Help me! Is it Retroactive Jealousy or just lies?
My girlfriend is invited to her friends birthday party where her ex is going...
Would you be paranoid if you found your bfs boxers in the back of his car?
Would you be worried if you found your bfs boxers in the back of his car?
My sister (26f) and I (22f) have the worst relationship. I am starting to despise her and she clearly resents me. Is there anything I can do to save this relationship?
I (M14) don’t know how to tell my old friend/ crush (F14) how I feel
[UPDATE] Husband (35M) lying about friendship with female friend/former coworker
I’m (32M) really jealous that my sister (31F) is out there living the single life that my wife and I will have never known. How can I sort my feelings out on this?
I [19M] feel like my video game hobby (or addiction) is the cause of my relationship to not be reaching it's full potential (perhaps even slowly failing)
How do I(26M) ask my partner(30F) to stop telling me about everything our cats do?
I (M14) don’t know how to tell my old friend/ crush (F14) how I feel
My once-close friend is having a hard time
My (27f) bf(29) is working really hard for our relationship and it makes me happy
Confused about this man’s behaviour?
My girlfriend got invited to her friends birthday party where her ex will be attending...
What is this “relationships have a use by date” culture?
Should I end my 4 year friendship with my best and only friend?
I think I’m done everyday
Guilt About Future Financial Plans
How do I (19M) approach my break up recovery with my ex (19F)
Confused about this man’s behaviour?
My (M30) partner (F29) of 1.5 yrs thinks I don’t give her enough space to feel.
Friend (20F) does not write me (23M) as often as she used to
Shit, absolute shit
When exes magically appear during lockdown after years of no contact
Help with Retroactive Jealousy In my relationship!
When exes magically appear during lockdown after years of no contact
Ex GF (F23) “accidentally” called me (M22)
How teach my daughter (14) empathy
My [35F] husband [35M] slams and throws and breaks things when he’s angry.
How do I get my girlfriend to be more responsible with money?
My (f22) boyfriend (m22) of almost five years lied to me about sleeping with someone else
Marriage
Was objectified in gas station and I think boyfriend was insensitive. Throw away!
I am (19M) and I am really interested with this girl (19F) but I don't know how to start a conversation and bring up a interesting topic. Also I don't have any experiences and this is my first time dating a girl
My [26F] ex [28M] has to marry another woman for his personal safety. I've not heard from him since our break-up I don't know if/when to let go.
Do I like my best friend or is it something else?
Am I (32m) being too sensitive in wanting to cut off all contact with my parents (55M/F) for what happened in high school?
How do I get my girlfriend to be more responsible with money?
Is it possible to salvage our relationship?
I am interested with this girl
My (f22) boyfriend (m22) of almost five years lied to me about sleeping with someone else
My (f22) boyfriend (m22) of almost five years lied about sleeping with someone else
I became a bit too clingy last 3 weeks in almost 2 years long relationship, can't focus on anything
(f 54) (m 48) I still love him even though lieing eyes took him away . Feeling unfixable
I became way too clingy for no reason
My (24) bf and me (24) don’t have a level of intimacy/romance that’s fulfilling.
This is not the usual stuff. So I waana ask this girl out and well I wanna make it interesting. So I created a community. Could you all just post " yes date him " ? It'll really be kind of you for doing it. https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeDevanshiSayYes?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Dating a guy 2months who may be married. Help with marriage records.
I became kind of obsessed with spending time with my boyfriend
I (31/F) met my boyfriend(29/M) online and we’ve been dating for 1.5 months. He told me he’s bisexual and I might have acted weirdly. Please help me. What should I do ?
How do I (f21) help my dad (m56) actually stand some ground against my uncle (m60s) bulling him into submission?
I don’t think I love her like that anymore but I want to be there for her
reading signals
I am pregnant (30F) and my boyfriend (35M) doesn't want a baby
I am having mental breakdown please help me
I've(17m) finally given up on her(16f) now. What went wrong?
5 tips to resolve Conflicts/relationship
Can you explain how I'm (M 25) feeling for an old friend (F 20)
[15F] [15F] My friend is copying everyone's assignments - what to do???
Advice
My (24M) ex(21F) wanted to break up to work on ourselves, said we could try again in a year or so
Can you explain how (M 25) is feeling for an old friend (F 20)
Loving too much
Am I (19f) blowing my BF's (21m) behavior out of proportion? [NSFW]
How do I win him back ? when it only took lieing is to to take him away
Am I [25M] crazy for being suspicious of my gf's [23F] feelings towards a co-worker [40sM]?
[19/M] still struggling with family dynamic and it's affecting me
Can you describe how I’m feeling
[19/M] Still suffering with family dynamic and it's really getting to me
32M married to 31F, Is She Really Controlling?
Not sure if I'm (28M) Ready to move cross country with my girlfriend (25F)
My boyfriend [19m] is choosing band practice over being able to hang out woth me [19F] on our anniversary
AM I ...CLINGY
32M married to 31F, Is She Controlling?
Am I clingy?
I (23M) have problems improving myself if it’s not for someone else.
My wife (24F) told me (24M) that "everything is canceled" and I don't know what to think
Boyfriend (24) gets hard when I mention my (20) sexual abuse story..
Not Sure if I (28M) am ready to move with my Girlfriend (25F).
My wife (24F) told me (24M) that "everything is canceled" and I don't know what to think
My [25f] ex bf from high school [26m] added me on linked in after years of silence and I want to message him.
Is it unreasonable for me (20F) to say I'm breaking up with my boyfriend (21M) if he plays video games in my presence?
Cheating=baby
My [47M] dance routine for my son's [27M] wedding is causing family drama
My boyfriend's girl friend is extremely jealous of me and it's really affecting our relationship and my mental health.
Cheating=baby
My boyfriend's friend is jealous of me
My girlfriend (21) broke up with me (24M) so we could develop ourselves, said we would try again in future
Why am I so upset?
Lockdown has turned my (F22) boyfriend (M28) nasty (1 year together)
My (F22) boyfriend (M28) has turned nasty since lockdown
Did my (32M) girlfriend (32F) really stop loving me that quickly?
My [25 F] friend [25 F] revealed that she is into me, but I don't share them. Should I break off the friendship?
AAAAAA I LOVE MY BOYFRIEND
Cant get over her
My husband is stuck in the past
Cant get over her
I (26M) love my gf (22F) but I'm bored with the sex. Advice?
Stuck in the past
My bf
Husband’s (26M) parents (60s) don’t want me (18F) around and it’s making me insecure.
My (33F) husband (32M) is avoiding sex but talks about it online with strangers
I [20F] miss to hear from my boyfriend [24M] some things
I need help with a girl
(28F) saw BF (27M) archiving Whatsapp messages with a female work friend mid-conversation.
Destructive Relationship Will BE The End OF ME !
Cant get over her
Destructive Relationship Will Be The End Of Me !
I (25F) get bothered when my boyfriend (28M) does specific activities without me.
Am I [M26] in the wrong for leaving my girlfriend's [F27] apartment while she was drunk?
How do I [21F] convince my mom [58F] to stop commenting on my dad’s weight [60M] ?
I (23f) have been talk to a guy (26m) for a year now he wants me to come visit and maybe stay... Should i go?
I (23F) met this guy (26m) over a year ago now he wants me to come see him and maybe stay.. Should i go?
I [23M] haven't been in a relationship ever since I got broken up with four years ago. I need help.
I (M24) asked out a friend (F25) and she said yes. Later she said she wanted to go on a date with me and slap some sense into me.
How much does love cost? 22m
I (32) need a sense check about my bf's (32) teasing
Am I (F19) blowing my BF's (M21) behavior out of proportion? [NSFW]
I want to try and take our friendship to the next level
Relationship with a friend. I want it to be more
I (23 NB) want to fight for someone (19, nb) that I like but there’s other players involved what do I do?
I emailed my friend(22F)’s step mom because she’s a massive bitch
My friend keep flaking, possibly social anxiety. Tips?
How do I (26f) show my S/O (28m) acts of service love language from another country?
I (23, NB) have feelings for someone (19,NB), but feel defeated, what do I do?
My friend(22F)’s step mom is a massive bitch so I emailed her
My boyfriend (M19) chose weed over me (F19)
I [21F] and my ex [21F] broken up during the quarantine and I'm not understanding some things
My boyfriend (M19) said he would choose weed over me (F19)
Sigh
Do I like my best friend or is this something else?
Should I take the offer?
I (16M) don't know what I said/did wrong to her (15f)
Gifts for long distance relationship
He (29m) ghosted me (22f) for another girl
My dad says that I [36F] don't talk to him or open up to him enough. My boyfriend agrees with him.
How much does love cost? 22M
Is my (F20) boyfriend's (M20) behaviour normal?
A girl that I like a lot only wants to be fwb with me
Is it me really?
I'm (24) still friends with my ex's best friend
My boyfriend of 6 years cheated on me last year. It lasted for a month. I found out a couple of days back. Now he says he truly loves me and wants me back. Why should I do?
What to say to crush whom I haven't talked to in a long time?
I [21F] and my ex [21F] broken up during the quarantine and I'm not understanding some things
My boyfriends sister hit me during lockdown
Is this considered cheating?
I [30 M] am being forced to live in a mould infested room where I struggle to breath.
I can’t get over my(F17) boyfriend(M18) of a year’s past with his ex.
Things Women Do Frequently When They're Cheating
I was using my girlfriend's laptop and I see her logged into a guy's account.
I (16M) dated a girl who is now lesbian.half Brother's (24M and 28M) keep making fun of me for it.
I [23M] haven't been in a relationship ever since my childhood friend broke up with me four years ago.
Am I [29M] wrong to expect my wife [29 F] to spend time with me on a hobby that I personally enjoy more but seemingly beneficial to both of us?
HELP!! DID I DO THE RIGHT THING??
My friend (27M) confessed to me (21F), but I have a girlfriend (22F)
I(23M) have strong feelings for my very good friend(22F) of 8 years. Both graduated college and moving to different cities. Too little too late?
I (26M) love her (22F) but bored with the sex. What do I do?
Feel like my boyfriend doesn't treat me differently than his female friends
How do I tolerate my (F24) BF's (M25) female best friend after she's made moves on him?
My [18F] Ex Dumped Me[19M] and I Can't Emotionally Connect With Women Anymore
[18F] My [20M] boyfriend always invalidates my feelings when we argue and never lets me talk
Caught my husband breaking my trust again
Ex GF “accidentally” called me
Insecure about partners intimate past
Toxic behavior?
What is a relationship supposed to feel like after a while?
I’m [F19] not sure if I should rekindle a short friendship [~6 months] with classmate [F22] because she called me the wrong name over text.
My best friend won’t hug me in a time of mourning
My best friend won’t even hug me
Advice on an early relationship (21M) and (23F)
Some advice on how to handle this
My (19F) brother (15F) has issues that are tearing our family apart.
My (22F) boyfriend's (23M) parents (50s MF) don't like me and it's causing tension
The night
Need "date" ideas post quarantine.
Female Coworker [F35] has recently started turning conversations much more sexual with me [M26]
My (24F) relationship (24M) is ending in a month due to distance
My (f24) relationship with my boyfriend (m32) feels like it’s on a down fall
My (f24) relationship with my boyfriend (m32) feels like it on a downfall
I feel like I’m going insane
I feel like I’m going insane?
Should I tell my coworker wife is cheating or should I just mind my own business?
I get mad at my girlfriend’s sexual past - but really I guess it’s about mine
My (F19) bestfriends (F18 M18) lied to me almost the entire time I've known them
I (F 20) would wait till my boyfriend (M 20) would fall asleep so I could end the FaceTime and watch porn
Female Coworker [F35] has recently started turning normal conversations sexual with me [M26]
I’d wait till my boyfriend would fall asleep to end the FaceTime so I could watch porn..
Girlfriend cries when I go away for the weekend
Honours Thesis study
Girlfriend attached too much?
Is there a place for ppl like me?
I(21) feel like my girlfriend(21) is way better than me.
Why does he keep trying to talk to me?
Boyfriends alcoholic grandparents who raised him invited themselves over what to do...
I found nudes on my girlfriends phone. Couple that with my insecurities after being cheated on multiple times ... It's not great
How can I stop internalising what is said to me, and make it seem harsher than what was said
How do I [25m] stop getting butthurt when my girlfriend [24] doesn't want to have sex?
I found nudes on my girlfriends phone. Couple that with my past being cheated on... It's not great.
Can someone help please. Trying to be better in my{22f) relationship
How do I [25m] stop getting butthurt when my girlfriend [24] doesn't want to have sex?
About to kick out my (36M) sister (32F) and her family over their lack of respect and laziness.
My (19F) sister’s (23F) declining germaphobic fiancée (24F) started living with us at the beginning of quarantine and she is getting worse. How do I step in to save her mental health?
I (30f) have been dumped again by (45M) and I am not able to let go.
I think my best friend (22f) and I (21f) shouldn’t be friends anymore.
Going to get caught snooping
I [18F] Don't Know How To Tell My Best Friend [17F] That She Shouldn't Get Married
2 years of marriage and nothing common. Marriage excitement fades out along with love. This makes me worried and my wife is resisting to change.
Going to get caught for snooping
Splitting extreme finances
Boyfriend isn’t ready to move in together
I (33M) told my fiance (27F) that I want to break up. Am I making a terrible choice?
Me [26M] with my wife [27F] of 5 months [LDR], not seeing how much I do for her
my boyfriend (25) wants to pepper spray himself and i (23) got upset over it
Boyfriend is a bad texter, problem or not?
My [20M] boyfriend lied ab the number of sexual partners he's had and said it was [18F] my fault
I think my mom is trying to drive a wedge between my SO (22M) and I (21F) and I don’t know what to do
I need help
My boyfriend [20M] lied to me [18F] ab how many sexual partners he’s had and said it was my fault
I [21M] feel like I was used by a girl [21F]
i (29 f) found what i believe is a fake profile on a dating site using photos of my former college teacher (30s m). should i message him to let him know?
How do I respond
(M23) Falling for my best friend (F21)
should i reach out to my brother’s therapist without telling my parents?
instagram.
My girlfriend won't think about me
Girl help
I (M23) am falling for my best friend (F21)
My girlfriend won't think about me
My girlfriend won't think about me
instagram models
Sad
Am I (27F) out of line for breaking up with my cheating boyfriend (30M)
instagram models
Feeling lost, and looking for insight.
I think my mom is trying to drive a wedge between my SO (22M) and I (21F) and I don’t know what to do
Should I tell my coworker wife is cheating or should I just mind my own business?
Can’t tell what my (19F) ex’s (21) intentions are?
[18,F]. I am jealous of my boyfriend’s busy work schedule/success. Why am I like this? Is this a toxic trait?
Does anyone else here have problems improving themselves if it’s not for someone else?
I think my mom is trying to drive a wedge between my SO (22M) and I (21F) and I don’t know what to do.
Stuck between two guys
Feeling confused by my feelings
was i (26 f) an idiot for reaching out to my cheating ex (26 m) to wish him well?
Is it wrong to think of my (M19) own sexual past?
Do guys like it when the girl makes the first move?
Venting about my bae not bae
Should i leave if a couple is fighting
My (16f) family is super religious, I'm discovering I don't want to be a part of it. I don't know if I should tell them.
I (20F) feel constantly rejected by my parents (60s M/F)
Non responding gf
Venting about my bae not bae
Boyfriend
Should i leave if a couple is fighting.
How do I (24F) stop getting so freakishly jealous over small things my boyfriend (23M) does?
Should I tell him or should I just mind my own business?
Husband (28M) is upset with me(27F) over toilet paper usage.
Not replying to texts?
Seeking Advice on Newer Relationship
Not replying to texts?
I (16F) can’t stand the thought of my boyfriend (16M) masturbating
Is it normal to feel touch starved with a live in partner?
As a brother-in-law, how should I react to the situation where my brother and my sister-in-law are having a huge quarrel between them?
Conundrum with Friend
Husband (28M) angry with me (27F) over toilet paper usage.
Great guy, bad timing
Is it normal to feel touch starved while in a relationship?
Is my BF Crazy, Should I be afraid
I (19M) am worried about the many male friends my girlfriend (18F) has. How can I voice my concerns
The person I’ve (26m) been seeing (26f) doesn’t want to be considered exclusive “yet”
Can you relate to how I'm feeling?
My (22F) sister (26F) and I have the worst relationship. I am beginning to really despise her and she clearly resents me...where to go from here?
The person I’ve (26m) been seeing (26f) doesn’t want to be considered exclusive “yet”
BF hasn’t said I love you
My now ex-gf [26F] and I [26M] broke up this long weekend. She blamed me for a lot and I am having a hard time with regret. How do I move forward?
Why would someone I’ve (26M) been seeing (26F) not want to be considered exclusive?
BF hasn’t told me he loves me
24M Worried that my female friend (25F) started ignoring me. What's this all about?
Why would someone I’ve [26M] been seeing [26F] not want to be considered exclusive?
I (22) have been receiving insulting comments insulting my intelligence by my step grandma (70) and distant family members.
My girlfriend has a ton of male friends and it makes me uneasy. Should I voice my concerns?
Why would someone not want to be considered exclusive?
Should I (29M) celebrate my girlfriend's (29F) birthday or leave her to her own devices?
My favorite boss ever is about to quit. I’m lost
Why did I (21F) get ghosted by my partner (23M) with no warning
Me (22) have had my intelligence insulted by my step grandma (70) and distant family members.
Tell me(21F) how to not feel insecure about bf(22M)
My step grandma and some family members are saying I’m not good enough for university.
Why do I (21F) keep getting ghosted?
My (18F) Middle Eastern dad (55M) is demanding me to live my life up to his standards, and it’s killing me inside
Tell me (21F) that it's okay to feel insecure about bf (22M)
My friend, Male, 23, and I, Female, 22, have been friends for about 3 years and he said I was so rude all the time after an argument we had over a text I sent.
I (29M) am trying to make plans for my girlfriend's (29F) birthday but think I'm wasting my time
My (18F) ex girlfriend's friend posted a video with my pic on it without my consent to humiliate me (18M). What should i do?
I'm scared of my relatives who i am living with.
Sneaky links
My muslim parents worry me.
Girl Help
I want to sell the birthday gift my boyfriend gave me last year, is this rude?
How do I [20M] ask this girl [18F] I like to a date?
Is it okay for me to sell a birthday gift my boyfriend got for me a year ago?
My partner (21 NB) criticizes me (21 M) everyday. What do I do?
Need advice on maintaining boundaries in what I fear is becoming a toxic friendship.
My Boyfriend (20M) and I (20F) of 3 Years got an apartment with our friend (19M) and I feel like he’s taking advantage of my boyfriend. How am I supposed to talk to him about this without losing my temper?
How do I[20M] tell this girl[18F] I like her?
Coming upto myself, M 18, and my girlfriend’s, 18, sixth month anniversary and I want it to be special despite the circumstances.
Make Meeting Up Easier
My partner (21 NB) criticizes me everyday (21 M)
Make Meeting Up Easier
Make Meeting Up Easier
50 year old father [M] just broke up with his longtime girlfriend [F] and seems to be spiraling into a deep depression.
It’s coming up to my girlfriend and I’s 6 month anniversary this Sunday; any advice on how to celebrate it?
Enlightened Relationships
Conversations with an old crush
My Wife (22F) and me (24M) Constantly get into an argument over me leaving the house to hang out with friends, or just go for a drive by myself. She gets so angry to the point of throwing stuff or just screaming at me, because she thinks that I don't care about her when I don't ask to come with me.
Starting relationship is bloody hard for me
What do I [21F] do after my husband [21M] told me to kill myself?
TL)32M starting date is very hard
When is it time to let go?
My Wife gets extremely angry if I try and go out with friends without her to the point it becomes a huge argument, and I end up thinking I'm crazy. It makes me feel like an asshole for not bringing her. And no matter how much I try and figure out why exactly she does get angry, it makes it worse.
When is it time to let go?
Me [32M] and her [29F]. Been together 4 years. Long distance for 3 years (4 hr drive). Now I have to choose whether to move to her or accept a better job and stay where I am.
Have you ever felt like you belong to so? Like both of you are connected
I'm only a kid.
I (28F) met a guy (20sM) at the dog park that I’m kinda interested in getting to know
Have you ever felt like you belong to s.o ? Like both of you are connected
How do we decide on the future: Country vs. City living.
Manager's (m30s) request is making me (f34) uncomfortable--how to refuse without jeopardizing my future?
Even starting relationship is bloody hard.
Depressed girlfriend [25F] doesn’t always respect my [23F] boundaries
How do we decide on the future: City vs. Country living.
Manager's (m30's) request is making me (f34) uncomfortable, and not sure how to respond without jeopardizing my future
how do i (17f) deal with my boyfriend's (18m) narcissistic family
Would appreciate some much need advice.
Husband Had 1 Year Financial Domination Affair
How do i stop being jealous? (25m)
How to stop being jealous (25m)?
How do i stop being jealous?
How do I (18f) get fulfillment from myself and not from the approval/thoughts of my friends?
Suggestions for Paranoid Roommate
worried about commitment in my relationship?
Me [26F] with my mother [66F]. How can I tell her I want to move out?
Something strange is Happening with my GF.
How do I (18f) get fulfillment from myself and not from the approval/thoughts of my friends?
My boyfriend expects me to be over the fact that he cheated
Lost Almost All My Friends at 21
I need some advice...
No Masked Man Here!
I feel like I am being controlled at every turn
Purest form of love
My (22F) family's business has ruined our relationship
Conflict between stepmom and stepdaughter
Purest form of love
How do I (19F) actually nonbinary, save my relationship with my dad (42M)? Am I the problem?
I (M26) am currently on the verge of breaking up with my girlfriend (F22), but don't want to tell her the truth - that I felt that the relationship was doomed from the beginning. Help me reddit.
Weird situation
Weird but common situation --- **tl;dr**: how to deal with my babies mother getting in a new relationship quite soon /how too cope with such a situation ?
Does it sound like my (F20) boyfriend (M20) secretly has a "daddy" kink or something?
How do I (19 Nonbinary) save my relationship with my dad (42M)
My (31F) husband (31M) is obsessed with other women.
If your partner cheated on you, would you want to know the harsh truth, or would you prefer your partner to break up with you — without telling you about the cheating?
My (20M) future room mates (20-21M) in GA have been and plan on continuing seeing their girlfriends and not following social distancing. I'm not sure if I should move in with them or stay at home and how to talk to them about being more responsible.
My wife (F60) gets abusive when I (M61) try to manage boundaries
Time passed and I still love her...
Sticky situation
Struggling to give my good friend (26m) newish gf(25f) a chance after years of stories, advice
Me and I , an unfortunate place
Women who took up a hobby that your partner did first, how did you move out of their shadow?
Real love in lockdown ruined or was it never real?
Should i ask potential new gf if/ why she cheated on her last bf?
My [F21] boyfriend [M20] of three years got laid off, is it inconsiderate to ask him to consider moving?
My boyfriend(21M) had sex with his stepsister(18F) and I(20F) cannot stop thinking about it.
How do you and your spouse handle finances?
My (23F) new boyfriend (23M) is a virgin and I have had some sexual trauma. How should I continue? Should I continue?
How do you and your spouse handle finances?
Marriage sucks sometimes
Am I wrong for not being there for my sister’s [25F] cosmetic surgery. I want to travel for my [27F] birthday instead.
How do I fix a (super) messy social media situation as respectfully as possible?
My brother [M28] gave me too much money for graduation?
I (23m) feel trapped in my relationship?
I (23M) am feeling trapped in my relationship
Feeling ‘trapped’ in a relationship
My brother [M28] gave me too much money for graduation?
My brother needs to talk, but he doesn't want to feel weak so he won't open up (some male help would be very welcomed)
I (29F) expect to much from my partner (30M) and need to make stronger friendships to take pressure of the relationship. How does that even happen?
My [27F] mom [56F] doesn't seem to want to talk to me anymore
My brother needs someone to talk to, but he doesn't want to feel "less masculine" so he doesn't open up. (Other male help will be really welcomed)
I (29F) expect too much from my partner (30M) and need to make stronger friendships to take pressure of the relationship. How does that even happen?
My (30m) ex (29f) wants to send our daughter (4f) to a Catholic school cause she fears public school.
My [27F] mom [56] only gives me one word answers anymore
My [21F] Dad [53] is being really unsupportive about a class I'm interested in taking.
I ruined the best thing that ever happened to me.
I 20(M) have developed feeling for a co worker who is 26(F). I would prefer women to respond to this, but men can as well!
I dont really know how to name this
My [M/26] boyfriend [M/30] is badgering me into having a relationship with my mother that I don’t want, because he’s a mama's boy he expects me to be
I dont really know how to name this
I 20(M) have developed feeling for a co worker who is 26(F). I would prefer women to respond to this, but men can as well!
I dont really know how to name this
My (20M) siblings (11F) (9M) is out of control when I am supervising them. Parents (47M)(44F) blame me. What can I do?
Pls help me I think I’m slowly dying
What can I say to my cousin to get her to leave me alone? I’m sick of the drama
How can I (25M) connect with my gf (23F) on a deeper level?
Why am I (24/m) so insecure about my partner ending things? (24/f)
Am I (28F) crazy for feeling offended/hurt?
How can I connect with my (25M) gf (23F) on a deeper level?
Do I tell him or not?
My [F21] bf [M21] see nothing wrong with a human being fucked by an animal
I 25m don't know what to do!!!
I (26, F) have two roommates (M, 26;M, 29). Our lease is up and we are now month to month and have the option of renewing for another year. I want to resign with M29 but do not want to live with M26 again
I (F, 26) have two roommates (M, 29, 26) in a three bedroom house. Our lease is up and we are currently month to month but can sign another year long lease if we want to. I want to renew but only with one roommate and not the other.
My (18F) Ex's friend posted a video with my pic to humiliate me (18M). What should i do?
Responsibly
attractiveness
My best friend/FWB (m,30) made me (f,25) hide in his closet because his ex turned up to his house and now I dont know if I'm I'm overreacting by saying I dont want to go up anymore
My (21F) relationship with one of my best friend (20F) became weird
Am I(28F) crazy for being offended/hurt?
27F, 43M, few months, noticing some red flags and unsure if it’s my previous NPD bf experience that is spooking me or what
I lashed out at my friend I feel awful about it
My (18F) ex girlfriend's friend is humiliatin me (18M). What should i do?
My best friend/FWB made me hide in a closet because he ex randomly appeared at the door to check on him and now I'm refusing to go there again am I overreacting?
My (25f) drunk outbursts and dive for the bushes is still an issue with boyfriend (27m)
am i attractive?
I lashed out at my friend and I feel awful
My (21F) relationship with one of my best friend (20F) became weird
Is it over or I am tripping? Ladies I need you help badly!!!
My (18F) ex's friend posted a video with my pic to humiliate me (18M) what should i do?
I [19M] made my [19F] delete a guy she was going to hook up with last year off snapchat cause he kept messaging her
Giving up and just taking the title of the bad guy
We broke up and i hate the thought of her being with someone else
My (28f) ex (29m) left and moved out in January. He threatened to move back in with me in lockdown if our house doesn’t sell “in a few months”
My (18F) ex's friend posted a vid with my pic to humiliate me (18M) can i sue them.
Expressing sympathy for a loss, when I only heard about it secondhand?
My (22f) boyfriend (26m) thinks that working as a server in a high-end strip club is the same as having sex with other people.
Ex’s mom wants to be friends with me [30sf] after son [40m] broke my heart
My (28f) ex-fiancé (29m) left and moved out in January. He threatened to move back in with me in lockdown if our house doesn’t sell “in a few months”
My girlfriend (26F) of two years and I (24F) having been getting into fights about nothing over the past 3 weeks
Missing my ex
I'm [19F] not quite sure if I love my boyfriend [20M] anymore, and I really need help.
Young son (18) got married and hasn't graduated from high school.
I know something about my best friend’s boyfriend and she doesn’t know.
My (28f) ex-fiancé (29m) left and moved out in January. He threatened to move back in with me in lockdown if our house doesn’t sell “in a few months”.
I'm [19F] not quite sure I love my boyfriend [20M] anymore. I need advice.
Was I ghosted?
Is he cheating on me with his close female friend?
New
He (29m) is ghosting me (22f)
Help
He (29m) is ghosting me (22f)
My niece (16f) seems to be overly interested in my (23f) relationship with my boyfriend (25m)
My niece (16f) seems to be overly interested in my (23f) relationship with my boyfriend (25m)
Love in lockdown or being played?
I think I (27m) want to separate from my GF (27f) of 10 years, but idk how.
My girlfriend (24F) got married and still want to continue relationship with me (24M) and what i did is.....
Love in lockdown or being played
My(24F) brother (21M) is going through a really cringey Destiny phase, how do I cope
Girlfriend (20) has a big issue with me (22M) scrolling through her photos
just finished normal people
My nan abandoned her previously abused cat in the woods...
My (23F) Boyfriend (27M) was drunk last night and said some things that surprised me, should I bring it up with him today?
Is uncertainty around love a lack of love?
I think I want to separate from my GF of 10 years.
I’m 22[F] and have never been in a relationship.
Me [23 M] with my best friend [22 F] of 8 years, have always been closed and we always acted like a couple but now I actually want to be a couple. How do I make that happen?
Boyfriend uncertain about feelings of love...is it lack of love or just confusion?
Trying to be supportive
How can I (25F) stop being jealous of my boyfriend’s (24M) wealth?
"I like you but I can't do a title"
Love
The honeymoon phase is over for us (27M, 28F) and I am not used to it...
I (42f) would like to hear from people who have longer term relationships regarding what's "normal"......
I (33F) Got cheated on by my recent ex (38M) who is asking me to move out.. Do I take our cats with me?
Am I falling out of love with my GF? Advice?
Dating as a gen Z is tres difficile
DIVORCE
My mom keeps waking me (23F) for work almost everyday
I (33F) Got cheated on by my recent ex (38M) who is asking me to move out.. Do I take our cats with me?
Letting Go of a Friend
Dating during this pandemic
How do you prioritize these in a relationship
Fiancé (29F) is insecure about my (29M) weight loss
Advice for staying in love during quarantine
How to stay in love during quarantine
My mom keeps waking me (23F) for work almost everyday
My boyfriend (28Y) and I (24Y) want to marry in a few years.
My wife (F30) is viciously mean to me (M30) when she wakes up from a nap.
My boyfriend (28Y) and I (24Y) want to marry in a few years.
My boyfriend (28Y) and I (24Y) want to get married after 4 years...
I don’t know if she’s a liar
I (24Y) want a future with my 4-year long boyfriend (28 Y)
Spouse (33F) won’t let me (31F) go away for work now that we have a child
Girlfriend (18) and her friends ignored me (19) for whole car ride
I'm (23M) living with a friend of mine (24F) and have feelings for her... but she's my best friend's ex.
Girlfriend (18) and her friends ignored me (19) for whole road trip
My girlfriend (24F) got married and still want to continue relationship with me (24M) and what i did is.....
My dads fiance shoved me then later told me she didnt want to see my face and that she hated me...
How can I [25M] find a cute tiny boyish girlfriend in the fall?
Should i ask a potential new partner about previous cheating in their past relationship?
Is my (21F) bf (34M) treating me like a sex doll?
Is my roommate annoying or am I tripping ??
Should I [30M] tell my dad [60M] about my moms [53F] debt that she's been keeping a secret?
Dating an overly clingy man
My husband has branded me as an idiot and refuses to listen to anything I say
For what possible reason, would someone usually morally upright and benevolent have an affair? Especially the kind of people that would feel so bad about it they would confess?
Becoming obsessed with people I’m not interested in, is anyone else like this?
My [21 F] boyfriend [24 M] is obsessed about everything related to Iran
My [21 F] boyfriend [24 M] is obsessed about everything related to Iran
Ex (20M) contacted me out of the blue asking me if I (19F) wanted to hang... can’t tell if he has dipped out on plans?
My past relationship is ruining my friend group
Trigger warning: sexual assault. Partner (23f) was raped after cheating on me (23m). What do I feel?
Lost trust in relationship
Me (17m) and my girlfriend (17f) are going through problems
Should we (25F/25M) bother having an anniversary this year?
My friend thinks he might have cancer
Girlfriend (19F) searched her ex (19M) and HIS ex (20F) on Instagram
My past relationship is destroying my friend group
Ex-GF (F 20) has been talking to me (M 23) again while still in another relationship. What does this mean and what should I do?
What should I say to a friend that just had a miscarriage?
My (25M) girlfriend (26F) most likely loves me but for some reason isn't as affectionate or has a hard time admitting it.
he’s so broke
Me (17m) and my girlfriend (17f) are going through problems
am i aromantic???! am i jaded??
I[25M] think I am being used by my friends
SO(36M) and I (28M) living together, can't come to an agreement on expectations on family visits
Girlfriend (19F) searches her ex (19M) and HIS ex (20F) on Instagram
Friends Kept Leaving Me Intentionally, NEED HELP
I’m (19F) and I’ll be spending 2 weeks with my gf (20F) and her family
My ex [F 20] recently started texting me again. She’s still in a relationship, but sending flirtatious messages to me. Why is she doing it and what should I do?
Very torn about my boyfriend of 3yrs
Can't tell if my(23m) gf (20f) is lying to me
Girlfriend searches her ex AND her ex’s ex on instagram
Am I wrong for being jealous? What’s your opinion on this? 21M 20F
my bf (23M) is abusive, should i (18F) stay to see if things workout?
My boyfriend is obsessed with everything related to Iran
I'm (23M) living with a friend of mine (24F) and have feelings for her... but she's my best friend's ex.
SO(36M) and I (28M) living together, can't come to an agreement on expectations on family visits
Can't tell if my(m23) gf(20f) is lying
Lost trust in relationships
My [26f] bf [27m] is unsatisfied by the amount of sex in our relationship but we have sex at least 3x or 4x a week. Impending breakup? [Libido]
Girl comes over unexpectedly...ends with mixed signals!!!
Why does my heart [F15] hurt even though I broke up with him [M15] and how to move past it?
Why does my heart [F15] hurt even though I broke up with him [M15] and how to move past it?
Contacting crush I haven't talked to in a while
Thoughts?
My [27m] bf [26m] is frustrated with the lack of sex in our relationship but we are having sex 3x a week [relationships]
Why does my heart [F15] hurt even though I broke up with him [M15] and how to move past it?
Why does my heart hurt even though I broke up with him and how to move past it?
Relationship expiring? My [26f] bf [25m] is frustrated about the lack of sex in our relationship but we are having sex 3x a week [libido]
(f26) met a group of guys online via video game and is crushing hard on one of them since last week
My girlfriend (27F) is trying to start a commune with her family. I'm (27M) not supportive and she's not really listening?
Why don't my partner's ever communicate their needs like I do?
Am I second choice?
My (34f) Husband (35m) downloaded dating/hookup apps over the course of our 10 year relationship (dated 8, married 2)
I (26M) Can't decide if I can be with my Girlfriend (24F) due to her past partner.
Does this mean my bf simply doesn’t feel the same way
Dealing with work rumors about my boyfriend(30m) and I feel like I(27f) am going down in spiral because of it.
Need some relationship advice
Separated and pursuing divorce for half a year after years of un-marriage. Never told anyone. Weird? Inauthentic? Dishonest? Harmful?
My dad [57] wants to set the future for me [20]
Should I(21F) Get Rid of Memorabilia From Past SO?
Help
I [26] think my boyfriend [30] is starting to become clingy, how do I talk to him?
Should I Get Rid of Memorabilia From Past SO?
I (15,female) ruined my relationship with my LDR boyfriend (16,male)
In need of advice...
Should I [22F] drop people in my life who still remain friends with someone who was emotionally abusive to me?
I (21m) have been talking to a guy (26m) who texts his ex quite consistently
Is this a clear sign that my bf doesn’t like me anymore..
I (20f) don't feel close to my step siblings (16m 12f) and my mom and stepdad are upset by that. Any advice?
Why would an ex (m28) be trying to talk to me(f29) while simultaneously trying to hook up with one of my friends (f26)?
My [18m] girlfriend [18f] is starting to make me feel like she doesn’t want to see me.
Me (M26) went to my first therapy session ever
Why would an ex be trying to talk to me while simultaneously trying to hook up with one of my friends?
Guy I just started dating claims his ex has "issues". Red flag?
My dad wants to set the future for me
I [27F] don't know if I should break up with my boyfriend for good [32M] and I need advice
How do I not care what my parents think about getting back together with an ex?
How do I disregard what my parents think about me getting back together with an ex? [relationships]
How do I not care what my parents think about me getting back together with an ex?
Advice with my relationship...
My (F23) Ex-girlfriend's (F24) new girlfriend (F35) might be lying about brain cancer.
My LDR (16, male) boyfriend ignores me (15, female)
Having persistent thoughts about my [25f] BF [25m] being gay. Need objective opinions
I don't know if I should leave my boyfriend for good. Can anyone give me advice on my situation?
I have a strained relationship with my [19/F] mother [60/F], and I'm not sure how to navigate it moving forward/if I am in the wrong.
Love & Hate
I need serious advice about my relationship (20M) with my girlfriend (20F)
I don't know if I should stay with my boyfriend.
Should I move back to California after moving home to Florida?
My(23M) short-term roomate(19M) is disrespectful and doesn't respect my boundaries but he has some obvious mental health/neurological issues. How can I ask him to make an effort in a gentle and efficient way ?
my gf [21F] sees her friends but not me [21M]
I'm [27F] a weird/goofy type and my bf [28M] is not; I made some goofy joke yesterday and he called me "cringey" which hurt my feelings. It brought up old feelings of resentment over being very different types of people.
I want to reach out to my ex and get closer to him again but at the same time I'm afraid of making him talk to me out of guilt.
Bf (29 M) admitted he went behind my (29 F) back early on in our relationship and it bothers me to this day
I need advice people...
Do dominance really matter on romantic relationships?
Do dominance in romantic relations matter?
Do dominance really matter in love relationships?
When he calls you “boo”?
I need advice people...
My(23M) short-term roomate(19M) is disrespectful and doesn't respect my boundaries but has obvious mental health/neurological issues. How can I ask him to make an effort in a gentle and efficient way?
I (21f) am incredibly uncomfortable with my Boyfriend's (24m) friendship with his childhood friend (19f), but not sure how to proceed. I don't want to breakup. What should I do?
I sent my ex their stuff back. So why does it still hurt even though others told me it would be relieving?
I AM (M, 21) DATING A GUY (M, 26) WHO TALKS TO HIS EX QUITE CONSISTENTLY
Relationship advice I'm 21m and spouse is 20f
Secrets that men keep from women
I finally sent my ex his stuff back but why did it hurt so much?
Is it weird that my friends don’t want to call me or am I making a big deal out of it?
Can Exs be friends with benefits?
Is it weird for me (25F) to offer to help my bf (28M) pay for engagement ring?
I [21/M] want to stop obsessing over my girlfriends [22/F] past.
BF (28M) is considering taking a job that would have him traveling one week a month. How do we make things work?
I (24F) ended up shouting at my roommate (24F) about her dog's hair right after she came home
I [21/M] want to stop obsessing over my girlfriends [22/F] past.
Is it weird that my friends don’t seem to want to call me?
Is it weird that my friends don’t seem to want to call me?
Is it weird that my friends don’t seem to want to call me?
Should I be his (27m) friend?
Am I (28f) being over sensitive about comments from my bf (30m) of 6 yrs?
Am I (28F) being too sensitive about comments from my (30m) partner of 6 years?
Am I second choice?
Is it weird for me (25F) to offer to help my bf (28M) pay for engagement ring?
I’m not sure if I should text her after the first date.
My [M19] girlfriend [F19] is struggling with her living conditions and her mental health. What's the best thing i can do to save her and our relationship.
I (F, 28) have it BAD for my best friend (M, 28)
I (21M) am never satisfied with feedback on my work because my father (50M) always discouraged me to pursue my passion.
My friend [26/M] didn’t send me [26/F] a birthday text and I’m hurt
I (F, 28) have it BAD for my best friend (M, 28)
My (30f) partner (41m) of 4 or 5 yrs is isolating at mine. Nowhere else to go. He is being very verbally abusive today and I need help getting through it.
Is my boyfriend picking masturbation over sex with me? Is this normal?
How do I tell someone that I'm not comfortable with them knowing my address
I'm not shy. I think. But Why I can't get a girlfriend?
A relationship without a future [F35]
How can I stop shying away whenever my boyfriend tries to kiss me?
A relationship without a future
How can I stop shying away whenever my boyfriend tries to kiss me?
I (27 F) am growing tired of hosting and providing for my younger sibling (25 F)
I'm lost and confused
Can Exs be friends with benefits?
Keep past relationship memorabilia?
Been having intrusive thoughts about my [25f] boyfriend [25m] being gay. Need objective opinions
I just need to know I am not crazy
Boyfriend’s Ex is Stalking my Social Media
Boyfriend’s Ex is Stalking my Social Media
I (20M) feel like I've betrayed my gf (19F) through looking at other women online
Used to be a fuckboi now life fucks me
My (26F) roommate/friend (28M) talks constantly and it's driving me insane
I, 20M, feel hard done by by my girlfriend, 20M, who has BPD
I [20/M] need guidance with my girlfriend [20/F] who has BDP
Used to be a fuckboi now I’m the one gettin fucked
I [20/M] need guidance with my girlfriend [20/F] who has BDP
In lockdown with my parents, who are increasingly pressuring me to break up with my |29F| boyfriend |32M| because of his future prospects.
I (M32) found letter written by my now very ill Father (M62) to "Evil" stepmother (F61) suggesting infidelity, when I was a teenager and my mother was (F42) on her deathbed. How do me and my sister (F31) approach this.
TW: my boyfriend took advantage of me, how I got hsv2 (story time, this is long)
How to deal with mum that's have break down almost everyday
TW: my boyfriend took advantage of me, how I got hsv2
Anyone else feel super weird about their partner jerking off next to them?
32F - Anytime I have plans to hang out with the guy I’m dating, I convince myself he is going to bail on our plans
I (20M) feel like I've betrayed my gf (19F) with the women I look at online
Is a vasectomy too much to ask?
When is the right time to post pics of a significant other on social media?
I [23M] feel like my work is devalued by my girlfriend [21F]
A hypothetical for women who date men - what is most important that he works or can have sex?
How do I(45M) get my GF(41F) to move out?
I [23M] feel like my work is devalued by my girlfriend [21F]
Not sure how to deal with boyfriends restlessness/ADHD (27)
Not sure how to handle boyfriends restlessness:
Was he creepy or I am overreacting?
Confused by what I’ve read.
Feeling frustrated and taken for granted by girlfriend
Confused by what it was before:/
Boyfriend (19M) thinks I’m (20F) always lying about my feelings
Starting to feel frustrated and unappreciated by girlfriend
Boyfriend trying to make me jealous all the time
I [17M] want to help my girlfriend [17F] and make her feel loved despite self - image insecurity.
I(23m) have lost all desire for sex after my partner(24f) expressed here desire to never engage in my fetish again.
TL;DR : boyfriend masturbating to girls from our hometown and rejecting sex?
Boyfriend masturbating to girls we know from our hometown, and rejecting my initiation for sex?
Why did he feel so comfortable?
Need advice with me [M21] and my ex's [F19] post break-up relationship.
Is my intuition true?
I have no problem with cheating or getting cheated on, I don't feel anything other than sex when i see a beautiful woman!
going crazy trying to figure this out !!!
Need advice with me [M21] and my ex's [F19] post break-up relationship.
Insecure GF (17F), want to make her feel loved and appreciated, but i'm stupid (17M)
Recently single on some bs
What’s everyone ones opinion on this small but important question..?
Parents never apologise when wrong
Interracial relationship difficulties. What to do about an expiration date?
GF (F21) of 5 months doesn’t feel comfortable and doesn’t want to spend time with me (M21) when she’s on her period in combination with not wearing any make up
My bf leaves the house a wreck every day
I think my boyfriend messed up. What should I do?
Do people really change?
GF (F21) of 5 months doesn’t feel comfortable and doesn’t want to spend time with me (M21) when she’s on her period in combination with not wearing any make up
Me [18 M] with my GF, [18/F] 1 year, I cannot be with her if she continues on her part-time job, if she comes and stays with me she will make more money and of course, be with me.. --- **tl;dr**: how can i rid her of her irrational fears ?
Ex and I Started a Side Business and My Parents Hate Him
Me(15M) and my parents (45M and 47F) have serious problems
My (M30) girlfriend (F28) has a Selective Eating Disorder and we got in a fight about it
Should I (27/F) assume that I'm getting played by an older guy (35/M)?
Recently single cuz some bs
What’s everyone’s opinion on the importance of emotional validation and empathy when it doesn’t seem to be one of your partners traits?
My life is a mess! What should I Do ?
My (M30) girlfriend (F28) has a Selective Eating Disorder and we got in a fight about it.
I (20 F) feel like I might have ruined my relationship with my boyfriend (21 M)
[UPDATE] I think my boyfriend messed up. What should I do?
Selective Eating Disorder
I need to have a deep talk with my father but I have no idea how to do it without hurting him
My (15) parents (45 and 47) have some serious issues
I (39f) keep believing it's my fault and he (43m) agrees....can anyone give me an outside opinion?
Not sure if a (former) friend is selfish/self-centered or a narcissist? Worth trying to rekindle friendship, even if he is a narcissist?
How to let go of post-fight anger?
Clinging to a person that is not made for a healthy friendship
How to let go of post-fight feelings?
my GF wants to keep her part time job in which she makes little money. if she stays with me she can earn more money than she already does. if she keeps her old job however i cannot be with her.
Not sure if a (former) friend is selfish/self-centered or a narcissist? Worth trying to see what went wrong if he's not a narcissist?
Ex-Gf (19F) possibly called me (19M) ugly for no real reason
Clinging to a person that's not made for a healthy friendship
My life is a mess! What should I Do ??? ...
At war with myself ...
Telling my parents I went into business with my Ex
Bully older sister convinced mom to leave her the house.
Am I inconsiderate for needing time to decompress?
Was he controlling or I was overreacting?
my GF wants to keep her part time job in which she makes little money. if she stays with me she can earn more money than she already does. if she keeps her old job however i cannot be with her.
I (23F) saw dating apps on my BF's (27M) after 6 months of dating. I know he is not cheating but I am still feeling hurt.
What would be the right choice to do?
ME (30M) feel belittled and condescended to by partner (F24)
[UPDATE] I think my boyfriend messed up. What should I do?
Do I need to buy Partner 42 Pairs of Bra and Undies
[UPDATE] I think my boyfriend messed up. What should I do?
UPDATE: I think my boyfriend messed up. What should I do?
UPDATE: I think my boyfriend messed up. What should I do?
I (m30) feel disrespected and judged by my (24f) partner whom I live with
Single and searching
Should I tell my bf's other woman's live in partner/bf that she cheated on him?
Need advice on ending the relationship with my Bf (22M) who wont delete intimate pics of a dead girl who heavily bullied me.
Should I tell my bf's other woman's live in partner she cheated on him?
I don’t know if my [F23] boyfriend [M23] is straight
What should I do when my SO (26F) wants to be alone after life's vicissitude and I (28M) wish she would talk to me more?
My (21F) boyfriend's (21M) brother (19M) is a violent ahole
Covid-19 Mega Thread
HELP! ME 21 F, should I leave 20 M boyfriend?
Did i do wrong thing by telling my step dad he got cheated on by my mom?
HELP! Me 21 F, should I break up with 20 M boyfriend?
HELP! Me (21F) thinking about leaving my boyfriend (20M)
My(21F) boyfriend's (21M) brother (19M) is a violent ahole
My ex (21F) broke up with me (23M) two months ago. How do I move on and focus on myself more? She also wants to be my friend, am I restarting the relationship with her?
I (M22) am having a hard time with my live-in partner (F23) keeping up with personal responsibilities and accountability.
Why did my dad marry this retard. Why. Whyy
Need advice on breaking up with my bf (22M) as he is wont delete intimate pics of a dead girl who heavily bullied me
Help! My husband completely lacks empathy for anyone he doesn’t know
I want to date my best friends sister but I’m worried that it will ruin our friendship and I’m also worried that I might be considered to old for her
My gf (25f) left me (31m) after 5 years
I want to date my best friends sister but I’m worried that it will ruin our friendship and I’m also worried that I might be considered to old for her
How does pet rent usually work with couples?
How does pet rent work with couples who live together?
A guy trying his luck
My [28f] sister [25f] has had three miscarriages in a row. She's now pregnant again (it's still very early) and I'm so worried about her and don't know how to act about it?
I (20sF) Got Passed Over for a Stupid Overconfident Bitch (20sF) at Work
My (21F) friend (21F) keeps giving cheap gifts that I don't like and it's starting to annoy me
One of my oldest friends has become pretty flakey and I can't decide if the friendship is worth it anymore.
I (20F) love my boyfriend (21M) but I hate being in a relationship so, so much
My best friend (17F) only hangs out with her boyfriend now and she's being a bad friend
UPDATE: Depressed friend [45F] is emotionally draining me [35F]
What does this mean?
Is it weird if I ask my gf to pay me $1000 for rent?
My best friend (17F) only hangs out with her boyfriend now and she's being a bad friend
Just need to vent and get my mind onto something else
This [24f] girl who approached me at the bar also added me [24m] on Instagram a week after our encounter. However, she seems disinterested in talking when I initiate conversations in the DM.. but continuously leaves laughing emoji replies to my stories. Where do I take this
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) says she still loves me but wants to break up.
Just need to vent and talk
How do you know if someone is serious about their feelings for you?
Me (21), my sister (17) and my step brother (19) think my mum (41) should divorce my (step) dad (62).
My (18M) girlfriend (18F) said I never supported her and it broke me
22M started first relationship and 4 days later got cold feet but don't know why
I [14F] talked to my [13&14F] friends about their "depression", but I am not sure whether or not it changed anything.
Ex gf wants to remain friends?
have I lost my adult daughter?
Ex gf wants to be friends still?
Is it alright for my (F22) SO (M26) to call me an idiot even if it's just as an expression or when we're having fun?
My Sister (20) Often Makes Really Cruel Comments Towards Me (17f), But I'm Worried I'm The Problem.
Would it be toxic for me (18F) to stay in a relationship with my boyfriend (21M) even though I’m a lesbian?
My boyfriend and I aren't sure how to split expenses if we move in together
A Friend(M18) of Mine(F18) Suddenly Stopped Talking to All of Us
I bought this package and it honestly helped me to win my mans heart, it really worked, like for real, here is the link btw https://b84a1xvm2cq0fvf7kgw4mbnp48.hop.clickbank.net/
Is it weird if I ask my gf to pay for rent?
Is my bf [26M] cheating on me [26M]?? Does it even matter...
My partner's low mood ruins my day
A friend(M18) of mine(F18) suddenly stopped talking to all of us
My (f 20) bfs (m 21) dad blatantly disrespects our wishes
My (f 20) bfs (m 22) dad blatantly disrespects our wishes
I [20 M] have been living with my overly controlling Mother [40s F] for an extended period of time this lock-down and it is driving me crazy
Am I being overprotective or jealous? And if so, should I stop?
My boyfriend’s dad is blatantly disrespecting our wishes
I (18M) feel like my mom (49F) and my stepdad's (64M) relationship sours more and more with each arguement. I'm scared, they need help, but they're so stubborn to listen that I don't know what to do.
My ex-girlfriend wants to take our two year old daughter out of state so her parents can watch her for a month and then bring her back but I’m the bad guy when I told her I’m not comfortable with it?
My(25F) long distance girlfriend (29) is feeling lonely and wants to see someone else, while staying in a relationship with me.
My [20sF] friend [20sF] had a severe superiority complex
Conversation with my (F24) boyfriend (24M) left me feeling grossed out and idk if I’m overreacting.
Conversation with my (24F) boyfriend (24M) left me feeling grossed out.
Me (23, man) trying to get back with ex (21, woman) after 2 years.
How can I [25M] deal with being lonely on this day of love?
What is the difference between complaining and expressing your feelings??
The Pandemic saved my relationship. (19F, 21F)
Thought the Pandemic would ruin my relationship, it actually saved it. (19F, 21F)
Boyfriend has been disrespectful and rude
I am unable to create deep relationships with other people and I am not sure why?
Me [30 M] with my girlfriend [30F] of 11 years, we talked about going our separate ways but it's too painful.
My (27f) best friend (27f) has been emotionally down and I don’t know what to say
Partner has been rude towards friend
Partner has been disrespectful towards best friend
Not sure if I should end my relationship
Would you still be able to date your long term partner if....?
is it normal to develop feelings for others while in a relationship?
Do you develop feelings for other people while in a relationship?
do you get attracted to other people while in a relationship?
Mom has been hiding a new relationship from me
Friends (26F) & (26F) becoming friendly practically behind my back
Me(f22) and my Boyfriend(22) has been dating for a year and I dont know if I still want to be with him.
Most Searched Talks Getting Dumped
Most Searched Talks Getting Dumped
Should I (23M) give up on finding love?
friend(20F) lied to me (20M) about getting back with her EX.
Should I give up on finding love?
My relationship is falling apart, or is it just me????
Are black men typically like this??
Friends from different worlds becoming friends
Hey people, I really need your help on this matter. IS IT JUST ME OR I SHOULD LEAVE THIS RELATIONSHIP?
My ex ruined my life
How often should I (20 M) text someone I want to maintain a healthy relationship or friendship with?
How often should you text someone you want to maintain a healthy relationship/friendship with?
Not sure what to think
I [20m] have had abusive relationships before that have left me with several bad habits and worries to avoid abuse. How do I become more secure in myself for my new supportive gf who is not abusive but is still dealing with my habits (19f)
A messed up and I need help
I (25F) broke up with him (25M) almost a year ago. I regret it, he's moved on, and I can't forgive myself.
Living together since quarantine started - now he wants me to go home
7 signs she loves you but is scared to admit
My boyfriend (20M) wants to have sex with me (21F), but I don't think I'm ready yet
How ego in friendship can ruin your relationship once and for all
I [20m] have had abusive relationships in the past, my current gf [19f] is super supportive and doesnt worry when I slip up or say something wrong I'd normally be abused for, how do I best be more secure in myself and work with her to get better?
How ego in friendship can ruin your relationship once and for all
(23F) What would you do if your [28M] boyfriend spoke to multiple women online?
I fucked up and I need help
My (34F) parents (67 F, 68 M) constantly comment on the clothes I wear
Lived together during quarantine now he wants me to go home
Should I (F16) pursue a relationship with a guy (M16) who says he loves me but constantly ghosts me?
Anyone else like taking it super slow?
Feeling frustrated and forgotten by family (30m)
I (21 M) have been in a somewhat of an abusive relationship for the past 8 months with my girlfriend (22 F). The relationship ended recently and now she wants to get back saying she has completely changed. What should I do?
I (27F) want to have a healthier relationship with my unstable mother (61F)
My boyfriend (29M) is a momma's boy.
Ended relationship because I have feelings for my sister in law
Should I stay with a (29M) momma's boy?
Is it bad if your boyfriend calls his ex girlfriend baby?
My boyfriend slipped up and called his ex girlfriend baby, should I be worried?
Fighting during lockdown
How do I know if my [f23] boyfriend [m23] is gay?
Transitioning from the DM to calls? How to flirt better?
My [M20] girlfriend [F21] has "ghosted me" after 4 years of being in a relationship
Is my boyfriend gay?
I sometimes say very hurtful things in my sleep to my boyfreind. How do I stop?
Transitioning from the DM to calls? How to keep things interesting?
Is my boyfriend gay?
TL;DR how to distinguish if girl loves me or just trying to be nice? we spend a lot of time hugging and talking. she's 16 and I'm 17, we know each other since summer. I don't know if I should tell her that I love her. sometimes she talks bout other guys but idunno what should I think about it.
Is it a bad sign if a woman [23F] you like slowly replies to you [24M] late gradually?
How to get over somebody you still love
Parent's getting divorced, I don't want to choose!
I [26F] fall too hard for others, but then I can't stop second-guessing
How to get over somebody you still love
how to distinguish if girl loves me or just trying to be nice? we spend a lot of time hugging and talking. she's 16 and I'm 17, we know each other since summer. I don't know if I should tell her that I love her. sometimes she talks bout other guys but idunno what should I think about it.
How to get over somebody you still love
Parent's Getting Divorced, What should I do?
how to distinguish if girl loves me or just trying to be nice? we spend a lot of time hugging and talking. I don't know if I should tell her that I love her. sometimes she talks bout other guys but idunno what should I think about it.
My (20F) BF (22M) wants to meet family but I need help!
My dad passed away half a year ago, how do I fix my relationship with my birth father?
Any tips on what I (F22) should get for my bf's (25M) care package?
My BF wants to meet my strict grandmother. Advice??
Am I (20F) dumb for taking him (21M) back?
Wife has violent and foul mouthed abusive outbursts. Mood swings in a matter of minutes, what can I do to help her or me?
(f/16) I might be breaking up with my boyfriend tomorrow but I'm afraid to let go.
I [22 M] desperately want to stay together with my best friend [20 M]. I don't know what to do anymore and I feel like time is running out
I (30F) had a major argument with a coworker (62F) and dont know where to go from here
How do I [30/M] figure out if my friend [33/F] is okay with me hitting on her?
My (24f) boyfriend (36m) says “die n-word” in his sleep a lot and I’m scared he’s racist
Gf cheated on me
I (50f) do not like my daughter (16f) at all. She is a paranoid little weirdo and I feel I cannot connect with her at all, but I'd like to. I'm sorry if this is a little long-winded.
I (25F) have become my ex’s (27M) sounding board.
Should I (20F) text my ex (20M)?
Where did you guys first meet your girlfriends/ boyfriends?
Not sure what to think
COVID sweethearts.
Should I(25F) text my ex(20M)?
My (24f) boyfriend (36m) says the “n-word” all the time in his sleep and I’m scared he’s racist
my (22f) boyfriend (24f) needs some space and my anxiety is making me assume the worst
Straight Facts
After 11 yrs...do I really want to know? [Mf]
my (22f) boyfriend (24f) needs some space and my anxiety is making me assume the worst
Successful relationship with a narcissist?
Torn!!! Do I really want to know?
My ex wants to kill himself and I don’t know what to do
My
Dull sex life with husband- suggestions
Not sure what to think
I need help (18 Male)
(21 F) I felt scared of my boyfriend (21 M) tonight
My girlfriend can’t sleep without me
my (21f) BF (21m) is extremely distraught at the fact that I don’t want to spend nights over at his house during quarantine
I don’t know what to do. Please help
Am I overly concerned with making my marriage last?
Can my long distance bf [30M] and me [31F] patch our relationship?
My friend might be sleeping with her brother
Overly concerned with making my marriage last
Am I making a mistake staying in a relationship that’s feels like a dead end?
Long distance BF drifting apart
My maternal grandmother is going to pass away soon. I want to support my mom, but I don't know how.
30 M - Looking for a close friend/companion, my 9 pm call and exclusive and unconditional friendship
I like her but she is going through some stuff
30 M - Looking for a close friend/companion, my 9 pm call and exclusive and unconditional friendship
I like her, but she is going through some stuff
I (22 f) lied to my bf (19 m) about how many guys I've slept with and now he broke up with me. Is there a chance he will change his mind?
Do I really want to know
Am I (F20) taking this situation with my friend (M20) too seriously?
My friend might be sleeping with her brother
My sister (29F) warned her husband (28M) about me (23M) being gay
Would it be inappropriate for me (20m) to contact my ex (22m) to apologize?
Been with my bf for 4 years, I love him, but I’m not sure I see a future with him
Recent college grad advice
Been with my bf for 4 years, I love him, but I’m not sure I see a future with him
Recent college grad girl advice
Help me convince my parents :)
Recent college grad girl advice
Recent college grad advice with girl he likes
Recent college grad advice
My friend might be sleeping with her brother.
What is something you’ve said to your partner that you didn’t think you would ever have to say.
I don’t know how to exercise my right to say no.
Hi I am a 17 year old Sikh male
I (23F) started dating (24M) Is his behavior needy/are these red flags?
How can I (24/m) get over my insecurity of her (24/f) ending things?
I (21m) don’t understand women
Single and searching
I (21M) really don’t understand women
I didn’t like that my boyfriend called my friend a “good girl” and “..”? Am I being a jealous girlfriend and what should I do?
My fiance (M29) is amazong at verbally telling me (F24) how much he loves me, and I feel like I suck at it. Any tips to improve?
i have a boyfriend, but i have a crush on someone else
I feel weird that my girlfriend had a threesome with a friend in our social circle.
In love but unhappy
Getting over one advice?
Boyfriend (19M) texting basically his ex-girlfriend
I [22/F] want to leave my boyfriend [22/M] but don’t know how.
I (23F) am trying to decide whether to continue to date my friend (24M)
Possible narcissistic bf - first post
Possible narcissistic bf
Why are we so afraid to break up?
Narcissistic/toxic relationship-first post here
How do I fix this with my sister?
My boyfriend [20M] became upset I [20f]made him miss his Fortnite game with his friends
AITA (18F) for staying with my boyfriend (21M) even though I’m a lesbian?
I say my best friend (19F) of 10 years deserves the best, but I (19F) don’t really mean it.
Is there a safe way for us [29/f 32/m] to meet for sex?
My (30f) boyfriend (33m) nitpicks everything I do and it's making me resent him
Boyfriend (21M) had sex with his step sister (18F) in the past & I (19F) can’t get over it.
Calling All Families/Partners/Friends of Addicts
I (23F) am considering whether I should continue dating (24NB) friend
An interesting title
I(20F) bought my bf(21M) about $1000 worth in birthday stuff and we broke up what should I do with it?
Friend(19m) wants to break up with his girlfriend(20f) but she keeps threatening to kill herself
Are you ready to travel as a couple?
I'm (31M) trying to understand something from my ex's (25F) point of view.
Spoken mind leads to ghosted
My Best Friend is moving
Ex (22M) sends me (22F) secret gifts/doesn’t want to move on
I (22M) was humiliated and insulted by my girlfriend's (22F) parents after meeting them for the second time
Spoken mind leads to ghosted
Friend is trying to break up with his girlfriend but she is threatening to kill herself
Fuck boys
Ex bf (22M) sends me (22F) gifts/wants contact
My (29F) boyfriend (40M) is pushing me away because of COVID stress
I (22M) was humiliated and disrespected when meeting my girlfriend's (22F) parents
She said she needs space
In love with my neighbor who is in a relationship?
How to get my (21M) crush(21F) out of my mind?
I (24F) want to open up about my past but my boyfriend (26M) doesn’t want to hear it
She needs space
Boyfriend made a video about his girl best friend that went viral and everyone is romanticizing their friendship
How to get my (21M) crush(21F) out of my mind?
I am in a very confusing relationship with a girl from work
Male Perspective on Revealing Clothes
(23M) How do I turn someone down after going through a breakup?
Male Perspective on Revealing Clothes
I need some advice please Pt2
How to get a crush out of your mind?
My Longterm girlfriend (F22) and I (M22) have been fighting constantly and split up about a week ago. She is now asking to work through things, but I honestly don’t know what I want.
I need some advice please Pt1
My (28 F) brother (26 M) has refused to talk to our mom (58 F) over her allegedly enabling our dad's (60 M) abusive behavior when we were kids. How do I help smooth things over?
The Male Perspective on Clothes
How my best friends porn nearly destroyed my relationship, and ruined our friendship.
The guy (21m) I’m (23f) “talking to” gets angry every time I leave him on read
I need some advice please
The Male Perspective on Clothes
I (23F) am not sure if I want to be friends with this person (22M) anymore
I need a little advice
Am I weird for...
My girlfriend (F22) of 4 years and I (M22) split up, but she is wanting to work through things. I don’t know what I want, and I know I can’t leave her hanging with no answer.
SO Makes me feel invisible after birth
Not sure what he's thinking
This is why I (29F ) love online relationships.
Trying to figure out if virtual stranger I see often is flirting if he never smiles?
This is why I (29F) love online relationships
SO makes me feel invisible after baby
Is it weird that I (18M) still feel guilt for my sisters (15f but 12 at the time) rape
This is why I love online relationships
Right person wrong time
How do I (17F) ask the boy (18M) I’ve been in love with for 3 years???
SO (29M) and I(23F) are fighting about song lyrics... what now?
How my(25/F) best friend(23/F) porn life ruined our friendship and nearly broke my relationship AGAIN. The mountain of lies.
Can you explain standards v. expectations?
21 M, Failing with Forming Romantic Relationships, What do I do Better?
My boyfriend (23M) broke up with me (24F) yesterday and is now messaging me
The fine line between wanting a relationship/friendship and being desperate
How do I (27 M) stop getting so upset when dates don’t work out?
SO (29M) and I(23F) are fighting about song lyrics... what now?
Bestfriend(23/F) betrayed me. The aftermath sucks.
Guy (M/22) says he isn’t sure he wants to be my boyfriend, but also doesn’t want me (F/23) to date other guys. Uhm what? How do I handle this?
Do you guys think love could last a lifetime?
My (24M) girlfriend of 7 years (23F) and I are on a "trial separation". I'm 99% sure she's sexting other guys, which is not what we agreed to (and I'm not ok with)
I want to date my best friends sister but I’m worried that it will ruin our friendship and I’m also worried that I might be considered to old for her
Has anyone that’s cheated on a partner, found themselves a partner who better suited them than the one they cheated on? Or are you eternally damned in the dating world?
My mom always discredits my accomplishments and I don't know what to do anymore.
For the psych geeks! How does attachment develop as adults?
My(33f) boyfriend(25m) withdraws from conversations and goes into hibernation every so often. Advice/suggestions?
Am I wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend for “no real reason”?
My(33f) boyfriend(25m) withdraws from conversations and goes into hibernation every so often. Advice/suggestions?
Men withdrawing from conversations/discussion. Is it more common than I think it is? Suggestions/Advice
My boyfriend (25M) giving me the cold shoulder after I (26F) did post orgasm torture to him after sex
Am I wrong to breakup with my boyfriend for “no real reason”?
“on a break”
My (28m) girlfriend (26f) keeps having random girls message me
Me (29M) and my girlfriend (28F) in a 2 year relationship. Has it run it's course?
“on a break”
Should I Keep Telling GF I Love Her Yet?
Boo?
I [20M] miss talking to my friend [20F]
Standards v. Expectations?
Going on a date with a girl from high school
I (26F) was a consultant for my friend's (30F) abusive ex boyfriend's (30s M) company. I opted to keep things professional and not say anything to my friend, the ex, or my company. I am now tagged in LinkedIn and Facebook posts about working for the ex.
Relationship Dilemna : I want to be non monogamous but my boyfriend wants monogamy
My head hurts. My body feels numb. I can’t stop thinking about her.
Why do I have the same recurring situations with men?
I think my gf [17F] might be cheating on me
Guys: under what circumstance would you introduce a girl to your best friend? Someone (29 M) introduced me (22 F) their best friend (M) on the third date.
Old "friends"
How to let go of people
My boyfriend (m24) won’t text me (f22) back for hours during quarantine.
Why do I have the same recurring situations with men?
I (F18) ruined my bestfriends (M19) life with drugs
Should I get back with my boyfriend or just move on?
Am I asking for too much? Communication during quarantine
I (22M) am a virgin and I’m scared to have sex
Old "friends"
Convenience or Love?
We're just friends, I like him but didn't want to come on to him too strong. Did I screw up?
Guys: under what circumstance would you introduce a girl to your best friend? Someone (29 M) introduced me (22 F) their best friend (M) on the third date.
We're just friends, I like him but didn't want to come on to him too strong. Did I screw up?
Should I (24M) cheat my boyfriend (31M) of 4 years (2 years long distance) abroad without him knowing?
We're just friends, I like him but didn't want to come on to him too strong. Did I screw up?
I think my gf is cheating on me
Convenience or Love?
I (26F) get jealous and upset when my bf (27M) hangs out with his friends
Convenience or Love??
What exactly am I supposed to do when my SO plays the guitar
Advice for when you find out your soon-to-be wife had a threesome with a guy in our social circle?
Am I in the wrong here?
Am I in the wrong here?
My (21M) Girlfriend (20F) Had Sex with 22 Men in 3 Months.
I (19F) am confused about this msg (19M)
I (19F) am confused (19M)
My (21M) Girlfriend (20F) Had Sex with 22 Men in 3 Months.
Those of you who have cheated on a partner (and actually learned from their mistake and haven’t cheated on other partners), did you find someone better suited for you? Or have you found yourself eternally damned in the dating world?
Me (25 F) and my boyfriend (26 M) of 3 years broke up about 2 years ago and I don't know how to (or if i should) approach my feelings that I have had recently for him
Toxic GF (21) is possibly pregnant
Why won’t my (F20) ex (M23) unblock me?
Having kids with someone who already has kids
Ending a friendship once I move out
I'm (43M) still in love with the mother of my children (37F)
Supervisor (30F) and I (25F) do not/cannot have a good working relationship. I think she might be intentionally sabotaging me.
I [M20] started a full-time job and currently working 40-50 hours a week for the summer. I plan on seeing my girlfriend [F19] (long distance) for a week and a half in july and she's worried about not spending time with me
Should I forget about sexual fulfillment?
Girl ( 24F) MAN ( 24F)
My (27F) BF (29M) and sister (33F) are in the middle of a conflict and it's making me feel awkward.
How do I deal with my clingy flat mate?
How do I [21 F] get my [23 M] boyfriend more secure with himself in this relationship?
My (27F) BF (29M) and sister (33F) are in the middle of a conflict and it's making me feel awkward.
How do I deal with my clingy flat mate?
(27f)(29m) My husband has pursued relationships just for sex, which is somehow making me feel insecure.
How do I [30m] handle a potential bipolar episode with my gf[29f]
I [20 M] ,a Christian, does not know how I'm going t remain with my Muslim girlfriend [21 F] without converting.
How do I [30m] handle a potential bipolar episode with my gf[29f]
My friend (18M) and I (18F) kissed and now things are weird
I (25/F) ignore my dad (53/M) sometimes because he is overstimulating, but when I am in a headspace to reciprocate, he ignores me back and it's hurtful. How do I communicate to him my emotional needs without it coming off as me not ever wanting to talk to him?
My (25m) mother wants me to have an arranged marriage.
Mother/Daughter
Suddenly i dont feel jealous.
Violent moods swings, and how to deal with them
Quarantine broke us
Does anyone else have advice on how to deal with abuse? I’m 18F with and 14M brother. Help.
My [24F] boyfriend [27M] makes comments about men all the time. I'm not sure how to approach it or what to make of it.
My (21F) younger bother (13M) lies regularly. Is this normal?
I’m 18F who gets constantly abused by my 14M brother. I’m not sure what to do. I need help.
Another typical break up story
Has anyone ever slept with someone for a job?
I’m 18F dealing with a brother (14M) who is abusive.
I need help with my brother
Bf (24) told girl (20s) that he hopes she is still single if we don’t work out (19F)
Extreme mood swings without reason.
Why do I (29M) have the need to run away from everything and start over?
GF caught me watching porn and is very angry. What should I do?
I (30M) offered to let a friend (30M) moved into my house to help him get back on his feet. The arrangement isn't working but asking him to leave feels awful.
I’m angry at my sister, and I really shouldn’t be
Every argument is the end of the world.
I (26F) was a consultant for my friend's (30F) abusive ex boyfriend's (30s M) company. I opted to keep things professional and not say anything to my friend, the ex, or my company. I am now tagged in LinkedIn and Facebook posts about the project.
How to escape an abusive household
My (24F) partner (34M) doesn't come to bed until sunrise and doesn't want to change.
My (F20) mental health issues are making me incredibly jealous over my boyfriends old crush (M20.) I feel so guilty and need advice.
My (F20) mental health issues are making me incredibly jealous over my boyfriends old crush (M20.) I feel so guilty and need advice.
My dad (50) is hurting my brother (23) indirectly.
Me (22M) i'm looking for help
I betrayed my roommate during the Coronavirus and I want to fix this...
Has anyone gone through this?
$500 in free stocks
I [M33] recently left my wife [F34] after cheating on her. I am pursuing a relationship with the woman [F26] I cheated on her with (as best as we can given "physical distancing" measures). My dad [M63] says he wants nothing to do with her, and she'll never be welcome in my parent's home/life in gen.
My [18] father [69] has some kind of mental issue. I do not know what it is, but he will not see a doctor regarding it. Please help me to find if anything here is a telltale sign of some kind of mental illness.
My (21F) best friend (21F) has tried to hit on my roommate (23M) and been very creepy
What do you think about serial monogamists?
(M27) My old best friend (M27) insulted me, probably without realising
My dad (51) si hurting my brother (23) indirectly.
How can I sneak packages in the house?
[M27] - can you give me some advice regarding my old best friend? [m27]
My (30m) partner (25) is telling people I courted him when it was the other way around
My (30m) partner (25m) is telling people I courted him when it was the other way around
My boyfriend and I are growing apart from an otherwise healthy relationship and I don't know how to fix it!
Should i ask a guy out
I am growing apart from my 3 year relationship and I don't know how to fix it
Is infatuation healthy?
confused
Sorry
Redditors that have cheated on their SO, why?
Girlfriend[ F 21] was assaulted by guy who goes to our school, what should I [M 20] do?
GF (F24) of a couple months broke it off with me (M28) due to life events. Need some advice.
My (23F) Boyfriend (34M) revealed he has kids
GF (24) broke it off with me (M28) due to bad timing. Need some advice.
Am I too clingy to my FWB?
Possibly ending my marriage of 22 years
My(19F) boyfriend(20M) is trying to quit porn
I still feel the same about you and I'm terrified it won't change
Why does my (23F) boyfriend (25M) get bored of me?
I know my bf wants to cheat on me
Stuck in the middle of a messy situation
My[19F] bf[20M] is trying to quit porn
I know my boyfriend wants to cheat on me
My bf is trying to quit porn
I (21F) am constantly confused about my feelings for my ex (21M) of about 3 years.
(21F) Quarantining in a 1 bedroom apartment with my very introverted single Dad (53M) is starting to make him resent me, and I obviously do not want that to happen
I [21 M] was made fun of by her [20 F] because of my height. It feels pretty bad.
Girlfriend [F 26] Advice Help?
Girlfriend [F 26] is distant and cold, what should I do?
Girlfriend [F 26] Advice Help
My (M30) GF(F27) wants me to be less romantic and couple-like in our routine but presents romantic gestures from other couples as something valuable.
Girlfriend [F 25] Advice Help
Girlfriend Advice Help
BREAKUPS Wanna talk/vent about it?
Bf Uncomfortable Around Alcohol
Did I do anything wrong by ghosting this hookup ?
I’m 21 years old and am currently quarantining from home. While my summer internship was canceled, I have been provided funds from the program to sublease and quarantine away from home. My parents won’t let me leave.
Relationship
Anyone have bad in-law stories?
My Boyfriend Is Uncomfortable With Drinking
Immigrant parents always trying to exact control over my life... won't let me quarantine away from home
I’m 21 years old and am currently quarantining from home. While my summer internship was canceled, I have been provided funds from the program to sublease and quarantine away from home. My parents won’t let me leave.
Did I do anything wrong by ghosting this hookup ?
My (M30) gf(F27) wants me to be less romantic but presents me with romantic gestures from other girls boyfriend's as something valuable to her.
I (F18) would like to know about some examples of healthy interaction in a relationship
My [26M] girlfriend [24] started a fight over "who is more important to you"
I feel guilty stepping away but it’s just too toxic
I (F18) would like to know some examples of healthy interactions in relationships?
My friend (42 f) refuses to help herself. Do I need to keep supporting her?
Girl logic
Girl logic
I need to leave but I know my family will treat me badly if i do
My Fridn (42 f) refuses to help herself. Do I need to keep supporting her?
Girl logic
Dating During Quarantine
Am I Out of Order If I Stop Supporting Alcoholic Friend (42 f)?
Alcoholic Friend
I know it’s not her fault but it’s just too toxic
My bf (23M) is sweet and perfect but I (23F) am feeling distant and irritable
Wanting to move out from s/o home and into roommates
Tips for me [25M] getting a tiny Asian girlfriend?
My [27F] friend [25F] confided in me that her husband [31M] beats her regularly. My husband [28M] told me it’s not our business.
Wanting to move from household w/ significant other n look for roommates?
I'm (28 M) Trying to Get Over My GF (24 F) Cheating on me and it's hard.
Breakup? I’m (26F) in denial after my boyfriend (25M suggesting we end our relationship. I need help or advice
I'm (31F) finally leaving my live in boyfriend (33M) but he doesn't want to leave
My [24F] boyfriend [25M] did a 180 and wants a break. I am in utter disbelief and need guidance.
My [27F] friend [25F] confided in me that her husband [31M] beats her. Her husband is friends with my husband [28M] and my husband says it’s their family business not ours.
wanting to be happy *with* my SO
Looking for female perspective: Ex-girlfriend slept with someone soon after our breakup and now wants to reconcile and get back together
How do i start a conversation with a girl that like? (I'm a 21m)
Breakup? I’m (26F) in denial of my boyfriend (25M) initiating we end and I need help.
How do i start a conversation with a girl that i like? (I'm a 21m)
Like a guy, until the relationship progresses, or there's an expectation for intimacy?
Where can one find information to help someone in a domestic violent situation?
How do I (22M) address -again- my girlfiend's (25F) distance and one-line replies without sounding inquisitive or entitled?
How do I (22M) address -again- my girlfiend's (25F) distance and one-line replies without sounding inquisitive or entitled?
My (27 F) mother (61F) is abusive and I don't know what to do
My ex (18F) and I (19M) (officially together for 8 months) have a good friendship, but it's quite volatile.
Me [32 M] with my partner [23 M] of 4 years who cannot admit to his own mistakes let alone apologize for them
Me [23 M] with my partner [23 M] of 4 years who refuses to apologize/acknowledge when they've messed up
I 23F have been with my boyfriend (25M) for three and a half years. I am very ready to commit and be engaged for marriage, but he hates hearing that. What do I do? How can I be sensitive to him while also having my needs met?
Just a thought...
What would your perfect date be? (18m)
How to get over trust issues and insecurities in a new relationship?
Am I[25M] wrong for not doing romantic things for my girlfriend[24]?
What would your perfect date be? 18m
My (21F) LDR boyfriend? (25M) wants another chance with me *LONG POST*
What would your perfect date be?
Am I wrong for not doing cute things for my girlfriend?
Don’t know how to balance time with husband
Me [29M] with my BF [28M] of 3 years. Should I talk about insecurities on the phone?
24 (m) having trust issues with 23 (f)
Think I missed my chance with a girl I like who seemed really into me; feel awful now and don’t know how to proceed
How to get over trust issues and insecurities in a new relationship?
24 (m) having trust issues with 23(f)
I (25/f) want to cheat on my long distance boyfriend (30/m). My head feels so clouded. Can somebody please give me advice?
Can someone love you and also lie to you?
Boyfriends mum comes over every day
Witty come back to “you can call me Daddy” Do you worst!
I (23F) broke up with my ex (25M) for another guy
Am I (F23) overreacting that my boyfriend (M30) paid for an OnlyFans?
My sister(F29) wants to return to her corrupt ex-husband(M45).
My best friend (24M) may be ghosting me (26F). I don't know what to do.
Can someone love you but also lie to you?
What's going on with the non exclusivity nowadays?
Unsure Of What To Do Or How To Feel [22M][21F]
Quarantine and bfs mum keeps coming over
I [M22] admitted my crush but here is a problem
My (30F) bf (29M) hates everything about me and now I hate myself too
Can someone simultaneously love you and lie to you?
My father (60M) saw a nude picture of me (23F)
Best friend (22f) and I (21f) are supposed to go on a trip soon and I’m thinking about cancelling
My father (60M) saw a nude photo of me (23F)
How can I [25M] hook up with my crush [24F] during a relatively short time frame?
I (F24) occasionally still talk to my ex (M29) and I get very anxious that I shouldn’t because I’m in a new relationship
I think my dad is cheating on my mom
I [M22] have told my good friend [F21] that I have a crush in her. She said she had one on me too. Problem: She has a Boyfriend
Conflicted On What To Do Or How To Feel [22M] [20FM]
My boyfriend (23M) broke up with me after Ifinding I lied to him , am (23F)
Me (21F) moving in with Boyfriend (22M) aunt and uncle.
My (28) half sister who was adopted (48) contacted my mom (65) and after finding out the truth flipped out on her
I [M/23] developing some kind of feelings for a friend [F/22]
Boyfriend (35M) interrogates me (30F) when we argue and I can never win
Best friend (22f) and I (21f) are supposed to go on a trip soon and I’m thinking about cancelling
My boyfriend (23M) , brokeup with me after I lied. Should I stay friend? Am (23F)
I don't let my boyfriend know if I have been hurt.
Confused , 23F . Please help
I (28F) want to break up with my live-in boyfriend (30M) but both our names are on the lease and it’s the middle of a pandemic
Update to girlfriend who ghosted me after dating for a year
My(21M) alcoholic dad(53) Keeps trying to pretend everything is normal, and asks for rides. I don't what to do anymore
Confused ! Pls help,I beg you.
My girlfriend(f26) is hanging out with people that are going to ruin her life
Me [30 M] with my ex [43 F] dated 7 months, broke up a year ago, want to contact her
How do I get a date during quarantine?
Me [29M] with my BF [28M] of 3 years. Should I talk about infidelity insecurities on the phone? [Reposted due to edit required by mods]
My girlfriend (26) is hanging out with people that are dragging her down a bad path
My (22F) bf (31M) thinks I'm cheating because a random old hook-up texted me out of the blue
My bf [30M] follows a lot of sexy Instagram accounts and my mom just found this out - how to avoid drama and navigate situation?
How do I (M32) speak to my partner (F28) about changes in her health and lifestyle in a manner that's respectful and compassionate?
My mom (teacher,50) keeps diagnosing me (20) and finding her own solutions to her diagnosis, I cannot make her stop
Handling disapproval
Double standards, 24F and 18M
How do I speak to my partner about changes in her health and lifestyle in a manner that's respectful and compassionate?
I (20M) am confused on if I should continue my relationship with my girlfriend (19F)
Handling dissaproval
Bf [30M] follows sexy Instagram accounts and my mom just found this out - how to navigate this?
I feel alone without a boyfriend
Friend [21f] told me [24f] my cousin/brother [23m] (adoption) used to have a massive crush on me. Is that… normal?
My (24 M) girlfriend (23 F) used to text her ex-bf flirtatiously
My mother [60F] divulged sensitive information to my[25F] Aunt[ 58F], how do I forgive her?
Should I(23M) move on or try to bring her(22F) back?
Religious woman who’s lonely as hell.
Should I(23M) move on or try to bring her(22F) back?
My mom lives with a 44-year-old child.
no variance in emotions
My (25f) good friend (24f) is insisting on having a large bridal shower in a week and a half despite the stay-at-home order. I love her but I think it's stupid to go. What do I do and if I choose not to go, how do I tell her?
Gift Giving Etiquette
My(26M) Ex (25F) is already speaking to someone new and I don't know what to think.
When should i give my crush at work my phone number?
Was I wrong to cut my ex out of my life?
My(26M) Ex (25F) is already speaking to someone new and I don't know what to think.
So I (M22) have been hanging around with this girl (F20) for some time now. We are friends... but we act like were a couple. Is this normal?
Should I (20f) set some boundaries with my (23m) housemate?
My(26M) Ex (25F) is already speaking to someone new and I don't know what to think.
Should I move on or try to bring her back?
My(31m) gf(30f) wants to move and I don’t
I [26M] am ending things tonight with [26F].
I (24F) want to form better bonds with parents (62M,59F) but end up being irritable when I try
When should i give my crush at work my phone number?
How should i (34m) tell my gf (32f) about braces?
I have been in quarantine [28 F] with my New Boyfriend [34 M] for 2 months, is moving in so soon crazy?
My (38F) girlfriend just left my (37M) home during the quarantine - She seems insecure about us. I'm pretty heartbroken, not sure if still pursue
How should i (34m) tell my gf (32f) to get braces?
Would it be too weird for me (17M) to reach out to my ex (17F) to catch up?
Why is my friend projecting is insecurities onto me?
Why won’t my ex unblock me?
Was I wrong to cut my ex out of my life?
My boyfriend's mother making sure we won't make it
Am I really holding too high standards in a guy?
How to tell my gf she needs braces?
My (38F) girlfriend just left my (37m) place during the quarantine. Should I try again to get her back?
My mother lives with a 44 year old man-child.
I [M21] want to break with girlfriend [F20] but it’s her birthday in a week.
I(26M) am trying to find the right way to deal with my girlfriend(25F) weight gain
My (25F) girlfriend (24F) of 3 months is currently having a breakdown and I need to know if I'm being broken up with
I think my group therapist crossed boundaries with me and was being unethical and I don't know what to do or how to stop feeling so hurt over it because he won't even acknowledge he was harmful to me
me (16f) and my (18 m) partner are slowly falling apart
My boyfriend's mom is ruining our relationship
My mother lives with a 42 year old man-child
My (30F) roommate (29F) keeps loosening my cat’s collar
Me ( 24F) boyfriend 24M)
Am I wrong/selfish for wanting a tarantula, but she doesn't?
Female friend (F 21) thinks I (M 22) am punishing her for having boundaries
Hi guys I’m 13 same with my girlfriend I need help with finding a cute name for her her name is Danica if you have any ideas please help thanks lads
Am I wrong/selfish? Or is she wrong?
It’s my birthday and my (37f) husband (32m) is giving me the cold shoulder.
How to survive living with my (24f) emotionally abusive fiance (23m) until our lease ends in late August?
I (F22) can not get over my ex (M25) to save my life
No range of emotions
I (20M) am confused on if I should continue my relationship with my girlfriend (19F)
Today is my birthday and my(37) husband(32) is giving me the cold shoulder.
Is it bad that I feel zero jealousy in a relationship? (24F) (30M)
I (20M) am confused on if I should continue my relationship with my girlfriend (19F)
How to survive living with my (24f) emotionally abusive fiance (23m) until our lease ends at the end of August?
How can I [25M] hook up with my crush [24F] during a relatively short time frame?
Independent Escorts Services
I (26F) don't understand how this sub (100M) is different than relationship advice?
About to get married to my gf of 5 yrs but recently reunited with highschool sweetheart. What should I do?
I Feel like I’m cheating on my bf cause i picked up my ex s call which i enjoyed very much.
Parents (50’s) revealed that I (30’s) have a half-sibling
My (30F) roommate (29F) keeps loosening my cat’s collar
How do I get over the fact that boyfriend looks at other girls?
How do I get my friends to stop 'shipping' me?
My friend is projecting his insecurities onto me
I'm so happy, but nervous at the same time
Need some help please
My (24 X*) partner's (27 X*) stepmom's (50's F) nitpicky behavior is driving us crazy
My (26F) friend (26F) and I get into fights over nothing, how often do you fight with your best friend?
what should i do
Is his (24) ex (21) overstepping the boundaries or am I (20) crazy?
TREESOME/ FOURSOME / CHEATING /QUARANTINE
what should i do?
Me [29M] with my BF [28M] of 3 years. Should I talk about insecurities on the phone?
I (M22) am growing incredibly bored with my wife (F22) and she won’t let me fix it.
Is really strong chemistry sometimes just one sided?
Me [37 F] risking a scary drive and COVID to see family [65F] and cannot make a decision
my ex (F22) ordered me (F21) a poster before we broke up, but it got delivered afterwords. i want the poster, and she said I could keep it. is it weird to hang it up though?
About to get married to my gf of 5 yrs but recently reunited with highschool sweetheart. What should I do?
How to deal with my gf's [26F] and my [25M] different texting habits?
My (26F) friend (26F) and I get into fights over nothing, how often do you fight with your best friend?
I'm (27F) buying a house for myself and my boyfriend (33M) of 5 years to live in. He wants his name on the house. I'm not comfortable with that but how can I tell him that without making him feel bad?
How to tell if chemistry is one sided?
What are your opinions about the concept of "courtship"
Boyfriend always traveling without me and I can’t go
How should I [30 F] order custom t-shirts for my husband's [31 M] friend group [30s M] in a way that doesn't make things weird?
What are your opinions about the concept of "courtship"
Is there any coming back from cheating?
My boyfriend thinks i’m cheating because of a viral video
How to deal with my [27M] and my gf's [26F] different texting habits?
My bf doesn’t always tell the full truth
I (19M) have feelings for a girl (19F), but never told her. Sometimes I tell her something love related and she tells me it's cringy
Am I (F 25) overreacting about my fiance (M 29) hiding/lying about porn related things?
My boyfriend is being so stubborn that it’s affecting my relationship with my best friend. TW: drug addiction
Boyfriend thinks i’m cheating because of a video going viral
Talking to my (32M) girlfriend (34F) about her cannabis use
My (F21) Boyfriend (M22) is Scared of “looking like a pussy”
I[M20] am worried about my GF's[F20] habits and health but don't want to be controlling.
I (18F) am being told to take a gift from my grandmother (80s i think F)
Please advise the best way to live with my (44F) now-ex BF (38M) of three years, in a one bedroom apartment for five more months.
Boyfriend (26m) told me he feels like he’s missing out on hookup culture
Having a baby in a rocky relationship M/29 F/30
Please advise the best way to live with my (44F) now-ex BF (38M) in a one bedroom apartment for five more months.
How can my sister (14F) and I (16M) save our little sister (8F) from herself?
Did I address this well, Have a (F) friend that has been silent for a week and half
Why is my friend (F24) angry at me (M30) for ignoring her after she ignored me first?
My dad [53M] did something questionable to me [23F] last night and I’m not sure what to do next.
Is my[27 M] friend [27F] Trying to End Our Friendship?
I (20m) think I have cancer, how do i get a doctors appointment without worrying parents (50s)?
What does being vulnerable in a relationship mean to you?
My mom put her feelings about having me above my needs and I resent her for it
Why get angry at me for ignoring her after she ignored me first (for something I didn’t do)
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) is sad and is going through something idk about. How can I help her?
Anyone else in long relationship that didn’t work?
Is my relationship over?
Lost relationship, can anyone care to help? (30M)
My (21f) sister (22f) tried to get my boyfriend (22m) to cheat. How do I continue to live with her?
Anyone else in long relationship that didn’t work?
I (M19) like her, She (F19) likes me but she's dating someone else. We used to date and we're still friends. I want to win her back but she said no because she's in a relationship. But she likes me and how can I just be friends with her when I know she likes me back?
My co-worker (50sF) is angry I (30F) didn't verbally greet her in Zoom
Small town suffocation and toxic parent.. does anyone else share a similar history?
My co-worker (50sF) is angry I (30F) didn't verbally greet her on Zoom
Don't even know anymore
My co-worker was angry I didn't verbally greet her in Zoom
About to contact my (30M) EX's (25F) friend because she has a bag i need because i'm moving to a new apartment.
My boyfriend (26) told me he feels like he’s missing out on hookup culture
My boyfriend (33M) wants his name on the deed to a house I'm (27F) buying and I'm not comfortable with that
Am I (M 25) always supposed to take my wife (F 24)'s side even if I agree with my mother (F 53)
My (27F) boyfriend (29M) is leaving me because we don't have enough sex
Does this seem weird?
My (23 f) mother (50 f) sent a picture of my potentially diseased nipple to a doctor (29 m) that she knows likes me and my friends dad (50 something m) when I strictly told her NOT to
I don’t know what to do
My friend/roommate almost never showers/has horrible hygiene and it's bothering me a lot. I'm thinking about going back to my dad's house but not sure if it's shitty to her?
In the midst of Covid-19, how long are healthcare workers expected to social distance from their significant others?
My boyfriend (19M) is abusive and pressures me for sex
My boyfriend (19M) pressures me into sex and makes me feel like shit when I say no.
In the midst of Covid-19, how long are healthcare workers expected to social distance from their significant others?
My (f23) mother (f50) sent a picture of my potentially diseased nipple to a doctor (m29) that she knows likes me and my friends dad (m50 something) when I strictly told her NOT to
How do deal with having a partner that is far more exceptional than you?
I feel like a stalker or offender. Help.
My boyfriend [27M] seems annoyed with me [25F] most of the time
Men keep leading me on when I’m clear about my feelings. What do I do?
He [28M] broke up with me [27F] it’s my birthday and he texted?
How do you deal with men leading you on when you’ve been open about your feelings?
My (18F) Mom's (45F) Boyfriend (50M) doesn't want to rehome his cat despite the cat being satan incarnate.
Ended a 6 yr relationship, 5 months healing and dating
My (39m) ex-girlfriend (32f) started seeing a good friend (27m) of mine 4 months after she broke up with me. I want nothing to do with either of them and to leave town. Am I overreacting?
I went through my partners phone and deleted texts from my partner’s BabyMother.
My mom’s on again off again bf is blackmailing her with sex tapes she didn’t know he took for money
I think me and my gf are really done
Guy (M/23) want to commit. But he doesn’t want me (F/24) to leave. He just wants to date casually again, but now isn’t putting in effort. My god. What?
Boyfriend [27M] seems annoyed with me [25F] most of the time
I think me and my gf are over
My mom’s on again off again bf is blackmailing her with sex tapes she didn’t know he took for money.
I (F23) Need Help Telling My Boyfriend (M26) About My Suicidal Ideations
Is this relationship one sided? Am I being over sensitive? Please give me some insight
My (17 F) boyfriend (16 M) ignores for long periods of time
How do you handle having a gummy smile and giving blowjobs?
My (F23) bf(M27) of two months wants to have an open relationship.
I [26M] need space form my [23F] girlfriend because I value time alone
What should I [25M] do to win over my Chinese class classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F]?
Why is it so hard for me to get love in return?
Supposed to have gf [24f] move in next month and I'm [27m] scared
Broke up with my ex because I had feelings for another person. When is too soon to begin another relationship?
How to recover after false accusations
I [f28] just got a positive pregnancy test and my bf [m22] is not ready and idk what to do
holiday from hell (ish)
Breakup after grief...
Grief causing breakup...
General input welcome for me(33f) single mom of a toddler when baby daddy, him(33m), is incarcerated but not yet convicted in another state. 4 years of misery.
No range of emotions
TLDR; Friend won't put any effort into finding a house for September. We've left it too late and now the houses/flats left are terrible (mouldy, awful furniture, etc), overpriced or far. How do I tell her that I want to go find a place on my own without ruining our friendship?
holiday from hell (ish)
My ex(28m) who I loved dearly broke my heart, should I(29f) forgive him and be his friend?
General input welcome for me(33f) single mom of a toddler when baby daddy, him(33m), is incarcerated but not yet convicted in another state.
My ex (28m) who I loved dearly broke my heart. Should I (29f) forgive him and be his friend?
HOW TO BUILD A GOOD RELATIONSHIP
I think im in love with my ex after 6 months apart
I love my gf so much but suck at showing it
I (23F) got into a fight withy my BF (26M) about his ex and now I’m thinking about breaking up
How can i stay friends with my ex without thinking in the past?
How do I (F34) and my boyfriend (M44) balance my cannabis use?
At my [M31] emotional wit's end with friend [M31] who talks to me about suicide
Found out my bf isn't over his ex yet.
Some of my family [30m, 30f and several more] wants to travel all the way across the country to spend time at our summer home, I [24f] don't think it's fair, what do I do?
Me (20 yo) and my partner (26) are worried that I'm pregnant
Me [32 F] and [30 M] 1 month, confused about what to do
My mom (55F), is forcing me (24F) to come home after I fought with my partner(25M)
Found out that my bf isn't over his ex
How do I (M22) get over my abusive ex-girlfriend (F21)?
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) wants us to live apart.
My (22m) parents (55f, 58m) believe some absurd conspiracy theories now and it's making living with them very difficult.
My (22m) parents (55f 58m) now believe in some crazy conspiracy theories and it's making life with them very difficult.
My ex girlfriend embarrassed me in front of my current girlfriend. She was clearly trying to make me look pathetic, how should I handle this?
Me [27 M] with my Girlfriend [27 F] of 5 years, irrational fear of her being pregnant despite negative test
Is there Something wrong with the relationship
My(22m) parents (58m 55f) believe in the terrible corona conspiracy theories and now speaking to them about it is difficult.
I (F31) caught my bf (29) watching naked women on Reddit. Should I be offended?
My Girlfriend says i dont talk about marriage or kids and it cocerns her...im 19 and shes 21
How can my boyfriend M(21) and I F(19) solve these problems? (Is it even possible)
My girlfriend [24F] and I [24M] are both extremely shy and we're having a hard time being intimate
Me [27 M] with my Girlfriend [27 F] of 5 years, irrational fear of her being pregnant despite negative test
Worth throwing away 6 years?
How to impress a girl, Powerful Relationship Suggestions for men That actually works
Join the new generation for all
Am I (25F) being unreasonable when I get angry with what my boyfriend (28M) does in his sleep?
My GF (25f) of 6 years dumped me (26m) at the start of quarantine lockdown. Had 2 rebounds within 1 month. Came back after 1.5 months. Confessed everything. However, I’ve cheated in the past and I came clean about it in out effort to work on things. Advice needed.
My fiancée hates my family
Am I (25F) being unreasonable getting angry at boyfriend (28M) for doing stuff unconsciously to me in bed.
I (33 NB) am having Issues at Work with the CNAs (20s-70s M&F)
My [22F] ex boyfriend [30M] still writes me that he misses me, wants to meet me, talk to me. I just found out that he has a new girlfriend.
For people who remained friends with you ex-spouse, what did that process look like?
My fiancée hates my family
Sister(27f) been distancing herself from me and family(29f)
I was troubled in the relationship. Still i want to go back. It's confusing.
How do I tell my family I’m dating someone 5 years older than me?
how to keep a good long distance relationship with a bipolar?
My fiancé hates my family
Telling family about age gap
I [32] have a problem with my gf's [30] family
Feeling lost and confused after boyfriend [28M] of 1 year broke up with me [27F] yesterday
Feeling lost and confused after boyfriend [28M] of 1 year broke up with me [27F] yesterday
The guy [34M] I've [25F] been dating has updated his dating profile a few times?
I messed up my 4.5 years long relationship with my boyfriend. Need advice!
My girlfriend(18f) had a relationship with her cousin(21M).
My Girlfriend(18F) had a relationship with her cousin(21M)
How can I make a move without making my inexperienced friend uncomfortable?
My girlfriend (18f) had an incestuous relationship with her cousin(21M) for 6 months before we started dating.
Writing to an ex girlfriend
need advice
am i overreacting?
what to do when someone with BP goes manic?
Me [25M] with Her [23F]. I asked her out a couple of months ago and she said no. She asked me out recently. I need a little advice on how to proceed.
What can I [25M] do to win over my Chinese class classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F]?
HELP! My stepdad is almost certainly cheating with my aunt
am i overreacting?
How did you get over your first love and is it feasible to stay as friends with an ex?
Flatmates bidet spraying on toilet seat, just thought I was sitting in water. I feel sick what do I do?
How did you get over your first love and is it feasible to stay with an ex?
How did you get over your first love? And is it feasible to stay with an ex?
ME [19M] AND MY GIRLFRIEND [18F] DON'T WANNA CUT OUR TIES
What can any 9 digit code be use for?
Does my bf hate me?
What can 9 digit numbers like so be used for ?
I feel (20M) that I am underappreciated by my girlfriend (20F)
My (20M) cousin (12F) just lost her father, and I want to be a positive influence in her life that she can trust if anything happens.
What should I do? My loving boyfriend shuts down for days.
My (20M) cousin (12F) just lost her father, and I want to be a positive influence in her life that she can trust if anything happens.
I [21F] used to be abusive to my boyfriend [19M] and things have changed, my friends tell me that I should let him go.
My ex is STILL struggling to move on
My (19F) boyfriend (18M) brings so much stress into my life when he’s not around and I think it’s starting to affect my mental health
Have you ever met someone that you wish you hadnt met?
judi online
LDR a Mile From Each Other During Quarantine :(
How can we [34F, 31M] overcome these red flags in our relationship?
How can I make things better for my ex?
Brake-up before or after birthday?
How do I (f27) tell my friend (M25) that hanging out with him makes me feel like the victim in an abusive relationship?
How do I (f27) tell my friend (M25) that hanging out with him makes me feel like the victim in an abusive relationship?
How can I [25M] successfully pursue my Mandarin classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F]?
How do I tell my friend that hanging out with him feels like every red flag from am abusive relationship?
I (20, M) wonder if I am in love with my girlfriend (19, F) of 2,5 years
I (23M) want to keep dating my current gf (21F) but long d and parents are getting in the way
Girlfriend wants to experience more
How can I [25M] successfully pursue my Mandarin classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F]?
Should i break up my bf
brothers and sisters
I am worried I am becoming addicted to my best friend
Complicated situation...
I'm hooking up with my friends "girl" (maybe?)
Complicated situation...
I [F20] don't think I can live at home anymore but there is no way I can leave right now. I'm having anxiety please help me please. I just need some advice.
Should I break up with my bf?
Update to girlfriend ghosted me after a year
I, f(18) constantly feel that i’m being judged by my boyfriend
Is my BF of 8 Months allowed to be mad that I posted this picture? Even if it’s for my job modelling?
I'm worried I'm addicted to my best friend
I f(18) constantly feel judged by my boyfriend and i don’t know why
I (23M) want to keep dating my current gf (21F) but long d and parents are getting in the way
My (M25) Girlfriend (F25) just told me that she would answer any questions for her group of male friends about sex and her sex life, and it made me uncomfortable.
Boyfriend (20M) threw a phone at me (20F)
I (23M) want to keep dating my current gf (21F) but long d and parents are getting in the way.
I have a crush on my friend. Should I pursue a relationship or stay as friends?
How do I deal with the fact that my boyfriend looks at other girls?
I (25/F) don't want to go to my ex best-friends wedding (25/F)
I [25 F] feel emotionally held hostage by my boyfriend [34 M]
Should I break up with my bf
My (28f) parents always defend our family members shitty behavior and never stick up for me
Girlfriend wants to experience more.
Boyfriend's (M29) mixed signals are confusing me (F25)
Sex is dying, relationship in danger. How to stay constructive?
Is body count really important?
My ex (23M) wants me (21F) back knowing I don’t
I (33m) reconnected with my ex (34F) who has a boyfriend
I'm an Alter/Split and I've Been Lying to my Host About a Fight His Father and I Had
My (M25) Girlfriend (F25) that she would answer her group of male friends any questions they had about sex and experiences, which made me uncomfortable
How can someone "ghost" their own children?
My (26F) best friend of 7 years is now taking 2 WEEKS to reply to my (25F)?
Was it wrong of me (21M) to try and discuss the first time we had sex with a girl (21F) I was dating?
I (26F) was brought up by my abusive and strict Catholic grandmother who has instilled some very unhealthy ideas in me. I’m worried my boyfriend will leave me because I’m not thin/pretty enough for him as I was always told men like ‘x,y,z’ and I don’t have it. Ruining my life, please help
My boyfriend [both 20] has been sexting other girls behind my back
Am I (21f) in an abusive relationship with my partner (21m) of 6 years?
I'm a Split/Alter and I've Been Lying to my Host About a Fight His Father and I Had a Couple Weeks Ago
The "Honeymoon" Phase
"The Honeymoon Phase"
25(F) Dated Someone Twice My Age 47(M). AMA
remember men and woman if she drunk your nut or he ate your ass its a W on your part when yall break up
Need a bit of advice
Dated Someone Twice My Age, AMA
my boyfriend thinks i’m cheating because of a post i liked on twitter
my ex? boyfriend thinks i’m cheating because i liked a post on twitter
I (27m) messed up by making a coworker (22f) (and previously hopeful friend) uncomfortable. Need advice for situation.
How to deal with her rants??
I (27m) messed up by making a coworker (22f) (and previously hopeful friend) uncomfortable. Need advice for situation.
I'm (29 M) still affected with my ex (29F). Am I still in love?or just haven't moved on?
Me [31M] with my SO [28F] of 10 years, she came out as asexual, we put the relationship on hold and I've developed feelings for someone else.
How should I [18M] help my best friend [19M] who thinks he may have committed rape?
Me and my girlfriend want to be with each other so badly but we technically cant and we don't know when it'll end and don't want it to end.
(f/16) it’s like she’s forgotten the abuse
Fiance wants to end our engagement because my friend bought me a car( Porsche)
My neighbours have a cat repellent that is making my life hell
Did my friend (20f) try to block me from getting with my other friend (20f) on our holiday??
Not sure if we should just end it?
Tired but alive. The more time goes by the more I realize the passage of time is not enough to heal my broken heart. Ive tried to distract myself with everything I can think of. I've read Scripture ive gotten into the new and conspiracy theory are they the same now?
Am I making the right choice?
What can I do to make things better for my ex?
A little big surprise
Did my friend (20f) try to block me from getting with my other friend (20f) on our holiday??
Broke things off with my (20M) ex (18F)
Broke things off with my ex...
My boyfriend (18) is leaving for college this fall and I (17) am stuck.
How do I tell my boyfriend I want more time together?
My boyfriend (18) is leaving for college this fall and I (17) am stuck.
Doing wrong
In need of a military s/o support group
Am I overreacting??
My gf was being dishonest about her previous cheating?
Advice on learning to trust again after past relationships ended in hurtful ways
triggered my anxiety lol / need to vent
Are relationships ultimately self-serving?
My (28F) boyfriend (28M) who I've been with for a decade suddenly changed his fashion style. I'm not sure I can ever like it.
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) has a problem with the movies I watch, and I don't get it.
My gf was being dishonest about her past cheating?
My girlfriend is unsure
Unsure with how to deal with heartbroken friend (24f)
Am I [22M] too old to date a girl who’s [18F]
My girlfriend is unsure
Am I [22M] too old to date a girl who’s [18F]
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) has a problem with the movies I watch, and I don't get it.
Having different sex schedules with my (28m) boyfriend (24m) of three years has been slowly killing our relationship.
When do you know if you are better off as friends?
New military girlfriend, in need of support group
Advice on trusting again after past relationships ended hurtfully
My Turkish mom threatens to disown me (24F) if I ever marry my Dominican boyfriend (24M)
A little but big surprise
At the end of my rope with homophobic parents
I don’t want to lose this friend
Friends stopped inviting me and made a new groupchat
My girlfriend (20f) broke up with me (21m) after 5 years because she was unhappy with her life.
Do you have to be similar to be compatible?
My Turkish mom threatens to disown me (24F) if I ever end up marrying my (24M) Dominican boyfriend.
Learning to trust and invest in relationships again
Parents ruin boyfriend’s credit, our future together at risk
My friend group stopped inviting me and made a new groupchat
My friend group stopped inviting me and made a new groupchat
I [F24] draw blanks in conversation. Help :(
Here’s a little rant
I Hurt My Boyfriend's Feelings
should I be worried that my boyfriend hasn’t told his family about me?
Ex gf and I broke up three weeks ago
Ex gf and I broke up three weeks ago
Ex asked me to go on a trip with them then broke up with me a few weeks later, should I ask for the money back?
I hear this sub is about helping people in need. I [19M] am in need of a girlfriend
Ex asked me to go on a trip then broke up with me a few weeks later, should I ask her for the money back?
My (25 M) friend's (24 F) parents saw me shirtless in the restroom on video call, what should she tell them?
I’m not sure what to think about my boyfriend not telling his family about me
Single looking for relationship
My bf(20M) and I (20F) decided to break up because he got doubts about the relationship and feels that he needs time to figure himself out. We promised to meet again in 5 years and maybe we’d try again. Is this realistic? Has anyone else had an experience like mine? Wrong time, right person?
How did you get back with your ex m20 f21
How do I date?
How can I (24f) bring back the spark in my relationship with bf (23m) of 4 years?
Does it even make sense to break up with your girlfriend [F26] because she's "too good" for you?
I've never been able to get over my first love. Would it be weird to try and reconnect?
How can I date?
Asking for compliments to much to ask?
Who is someone you knew for only a short period of time who ended up having a great effect on you?
Asking for compliments to much to ask?
Am I [27F] being selfish, or is my husband [28M] controlling?
I’m about to give up on relationships. Someone give me some hope.
Is asking for complete to much to ask?
Should I [F30] stay or move on from [M30]
My(36f) boyfriend(39m) of 1 yr 8 mo slept with a random girl when we were first dating and it still really hurts my feelings but my hurt makes him angry.
How did you get back with your Ex
I [F30] don’t know if I should stay or move on from [M30]
I don’t know if I [17/F] should talk to my boyfriend [17/M]
I (25F) have suffered 3 deaths in the last few months. I feel numb, how do I properly cope?
Stay together or move on?
**TL;DR; Learn from my mistake. DON'T SLEEP WITH YOUR BEST FRIEND.
Is it clingy to ask for a label?
How to breakup with my girlfriend.
I’m about to give up on relationships. Someone please give me some hope that love exists.
Need dating/relationship advice
Learn from me, DON'T SLEEP WITH YOUR BEST-FRIEND.
I(m18) feel like she(f18) needs me more than I need her (long distance)
I [18M] broke up with my girlfriend [18F] for selfish reasons; is it alright to try to win her back?
I’m (22, F) terrified of having sex again with someone aside from my ex of six years
I'm (M18) in love with a girl (F17) who lives 3,500km away from me :)
A Close Female Friend Cut Off Our Close Relationship Out Of Nowhere With No Explanation
I need her out!
Clarification request and next move advice (flair says dating, but it’s both dating and relationship)
Girlfriend admitted to getting paid for sexual favors.
Partners family stopped speaking to us because we’re moving out of state
Internet love, i guess xd
Am I (28f) justified to leave my husband (31m) for locking himself in our room all the time??
Since quarantine my (M18) girlfriend (F18) has become an emotional wreck. How do I help her?
no drama just need advice
I (26f) want to end a 10 year relationship with (28m)
My girlfriend (21F) and I (21M) have a great sex life in person, but she wants nothing to do with the topic while long distance. I knew this before but now it's frustrating me.
My gf (f19) made a post implying she cheated on her ex to be with me (m20), and I just found it after years us trying to fix my cheating at the beginning of our relationship
Internet love, i guess ..
M27 my ex GF’s F28 new partner is prohibiting her from talking to me
M27 my ex GF’s F28 new partner is prohibiting her from talking to me
My GF (25f) of 6 years dumped me (26m) at the start of quarantine lockdown. Had 2 rebounds within 1 month. Came back after 1.5 months. Confessed everything. However, I’ve cheated in the past and I came clean about it in out effort to work on things. Advice needed.
I (21/F) Am Currently Being Cheated On, What Do I Do?
Girlfriend [20F] breaking up with me [20M]
Broke up with my girlfriend [20F]
I Am Currently Being Cheated On Right Now, What Do I Do?
My girlfriend gets mad at me when i get upset
I (18F) don’t know what to do about my relationship with my ex (18M).
Just got out of a 5 year relationship (23)m back to dating
My [32] boyfriend [36] acts badly and then twists the situation so that he is the victim and I have to forgive him
My girlfriend (f19) made a post about cheating in her ex to start our (m20) relationship on a throwaway account and I just found it and don’t know how to feel
My messed up life with my Husband of over 15 years
I [M25] didn’t let my girlfriend [F23] go through my phone and has ignored me for days. What to do?
I [24M] am scared and confused on how to proceed after a fight with girlfriend [44F]. I just am tired of acting.
How did you finally stop yourself from constantly thinking about the possibility of your significant other cheating on you?
Does anyone else have extreme separation anxiety? Hell needed
Been together 3 years I am a 20/f and bf is 20/m will be leaving for university soon...should we do long distance?
I'm tired of acting and I just want everyone to see what a total piece of shit I am. I might regret this but I don't know how to move forward. I don't want to hurt anyone.
Think I have extreme separation anxiety
Is it unreasonable of me (25f) to want to be my bfs (25m) top priority? [needs]
Controlling mom and trying to socialize
Should i (25f) move on from my ex (35m)?
Should i (25f) move on from my ex (35m)?
Been together 3 years...will be long distance soon should we break up 20/F and 20/M
Controlling mom and trying to socialize
I think my fiancé is making a mistake
why does my bf make me lose my mind? (42M) (28f)
My [23/F] mom [60/F] tells me her problems and today it made me cry
I think my fiancé is making a big mistake.
My (M22) roommate (M30) treats me as his personal cleaning service.
I think my fiancé is making a huge mistake.
my (502M) girlfriend (44F) makes fun of friends as short as me, and I feel insecure
I (26F) need some help to handle a tough situation with my strict parents. (50s).
People who had lost their SO due to traumatic external circumstances (death etc) , how do you move on ? If you happen to find another SO, how does your SO view this previous relationship of yours?
What is love ?
My (34F) boyfriend (44M) doesn't want to kiss me.
My (34F) boyfriend (44M) doesn't want to kiss me.
He thinks we’re dating (m20/f17)
Manipulation
Would it be wrong for me (24M) to congratulate my ex (23F) on her recent achievements?
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] is going through a tough time with his family and is being emotionally distant.
My (20f) boyfriend (21m) is grieving and taking his stress out on me
How do I(24F) move on from someone I thought was “the one” (30M)?
Why would he use the 👌 to compliment me?
I’m done ..
How Do I Help My Boyfriend Grieve?
My (20f) boyfriend (20m) is experiencing a loss, but is taking it out on me.
How Do I Help a Grieving Process?
Manipulation
Had a fight with my(23F) sister(28F) with mental issues.
[M]y GF is convinced that she's pregnant, despite many months, periods, and tests. What do I do?
**TL;DR;** Had a fight with my(23F) sister(28F) with mental issues.
What would cause this
Had a fight with my(23F) sister(28F) with mental issues.
How do I (F18) rump my bf (M18) when I have no valid reason to?
Girlfriend makes me uncomfortable on purpose?
I [25F] cannot stop thinking negatively about my boyfriend's facial features [25M]
If you were my ex (23F) would you want to hear from me (24M)?
Drifting apart- Boyfriend (29M) plays video games all day- I (31F) feel alone
So I [20F] told my guy friend [21M] I liked him, got rejected, but now he seems to be communicating with me more frequently than before?
I [25F] cannot stop finding the faults in my boyfriends [25M]'s facial features
I (M30) feel weird at times with the closeness my fiancée (F25) has with her mother at times.
My (29f) sister (25f) wont stop pressuring me to join her church as a cure for depression
I (M30) feel that my fiancée (25F) can at times be too close to her mother.
I am dating someone, and I have suspicions that a friend of mine is making a move on me
IM CRUSHING SO HARD on my friend
Boyfriend [20M] starts doing sexual stuff over Facetime without my [20F] consent
Dating a man on a visa, wasn’t aware he didn’t want to renew it
My bf’s mom (65) really wants us to visit but I am afraid of putting her at risk of covid-19. Should we decline?
Should I (24M) “tattle” on my drug abusing brother (23M)?
How does one [28F] navigate conservative parents when it comes to relationships [60sMF]?
Dating an immigrant on a visa, wasn’t aware he didn’t want to renew
Let me in.
Ran into ex and got weird texts any advice would help
My (M22) roommate (M30) treats me as his personal maid.
Give a woman this 5 styles and she would stick to you like a glue 👌😉
My (F21) husband (M23) of 1 yr cheated on me while we were long distance and on a "break"
My (26M) Fiancé (27F) wanted to break up after psychedelics
My (22F) BF (23M) wants sex in a distance relationship
Not able to move on
My (F21) husband (M23) of 1 yr cheated on me while we were long distance and on a "break"
I [22M] feel like I overwhelm people with my emotions
My 23(M) BF wants sex in a distance relationship
Not able to move on
Give a woman this 5 styles and she will stick to you like a glue😉👌
Thoughts?
I [22M] feel like I might overwhelm people with my emotions
Not able to move on
My boyfriend [28) bought flowers for another female, am I wrong for being upset
I (21 F) don't understand the difference between FWB and a relationship (ie boyfriend)
Caught my (21F) boyfriend (21M) cheating on me in January; did I do the right thing?
Have you ever gotten back with an ex? How did it go? I’m 20F thinking of getting back with my ex 21M
My boyfriend [28) bought flowers for another female, am I wrong for being upset
What is the difference between FWB and an actual partner (as in boyfriend/girlfriend)
*LONG * Heres my realtionship I need help to decide wether I STAY or move on......
Have you ever gotten back with an ex? How did that go?
Why does my (M25) partner (F25) not want me to touch her anymore?
Not able to move on
Caught my (21F) boyfriend (21M) cheating in January; am I doing the right thing?
Month anniversary
My [M/21] girlfriend [F/21] got mad because I couldn't meet her due to her flu-like symptoms
I have to choose between my boyfriend and my family and I feel like I can't be happy with either decision.
Cant get our from old feeling
I believe my (29F) wife is burying my (33M) life in stress. I need help.
I'm (F25) feeling immense guilt for moving out and leaving my father (M71) alone.
Feeling an immense amount of guilt (F25) for moving out and leaving my 70 year old father alone.
I (22F) feel like my GF(28F) uber driver plus her hours..
Not 100% on realrionship
My GF(28F) passive aggressively(22F) makes me her up after work(Hour suck!)
My boyfriend wants to "john muir" ... I want to respect his space but this feels like ALOT of space.
Any advice on dating someone with kids?
BF following twitch streamers
My (20M) GF (18F) keeps cutting me off from sex
How to confess my (probably mutual) feelings for my best friend?
He (18M) downloaded tinder 2 days after breaking up with me
Performance anxiety = no oral for gf? (Long, rambly, possibly NSFW)
My Girl "Best" Friend is too nice and its causing a lot of unwanted problems. Can you Please help me help her. And help me in general.
How do I stop ruining the friendships I have?
Bf following twitch streamers
My boyfriend (21M) is a narcissist, I (20F) am co-dependent, and I am stuck between wanting to leave and wanting to stay.
My friend (24F) was broken up with by a (24M) and is looking at me for support but idk what to do anymore.
My wife (F25) won’t help me (M25) pay our monthly expenses.
My friend (24F) got broken up with by a (24M) and is seeking support from me and I do not know what to do anymore.
How To Save Your marriage in USA
Dating someone with kids from a previous marriage
Performance anxiety = no oral for gf? (Long, rambly, NSFW, and Xposted)
The email that nearly made me skip law school for a job in San Fran. Fun being a douche with your college pals, I miss it.
Performance anxiety = no oral for gf? (Long, rambly, NSFW, and Xposted)
Taking a break for a bit. How to heal things.
A guy (18M) who I (17F) was starting to fall for confuses me with his behaviour. Should I contact him or leave him to it?
Regret, age gaps, and other questions!
I (20m) cannot stop thinking about my host brother (20m) but could totally have it wrong?
I (26F) have a photo shoot with an accredited photographer and boyfriend (28M) wants to come watch.
How early is too early to tell someone you like them? Like like them like them?
How long do you usually spend when going out to eat on a date?
How do I know if my[M18] friend [M57] even likes me or is my friend?
How long do you usually spend at the restaurant when going on a dinner date?
I (24m) broke the heart of the one girl (21f) I could cheer up, and I feel like an a-hole.
Me 23m and ex 23f was in a toxic relationship and had protection orders agents each other and got back for a short period of time.
Should I allow my father to have a relationship with his future grandchild?
I'm an a-hole? Should I feel like an a-hole? I feel like an a-hole.
My Girl "Best" Friend is too nice and its causing a lot of unwanted problems. Can you Please help me help her. And help me in general
I feel like the biggest a-hole alive
Gf calls me daddy (lesbian)
Store owner is unhappy about items I made for mother's day baskets.
Not gunna get too deep
Need outside opinions about body image/ exercise disagreement between my partner (31 M) and me (33F). Together 5 years.
Store owner is unhappy with quality of items I made for them.
Store owner is not happy with quality of items I made for her.
Getting over past trust issues in a new relationship?
From super warm to super cold. Female perspectives in the answers please!
Think my (33m) gf (31f) is lying about her past. But why?
I'm curious your opinion on women with uneven breasts?
I (24f) suck at picking up whether someone is hitting on me or not.. help?
Not 100% sure on my realtionship
Help! Uncharted territory, lol!
How do I handle this? Help!
Anniversary ideas during quarantine?
My boyfriend (22) fell for someone else, left me(23) , we got back together 3 weeks later but 5 months later I still struggle to move on from it - advice?
Jealousy
She likes being active outdoors and I like being lazy indoors
I'm stuck with this girl for about 7 years [20m/20f]
Jealousy - Or am I crazy?
Anniversary ideas during quarantine?
She likes being active outdoors and I like being lazy indoors.
My son (23 M) won’t speak to me (48 F). He’s tearing our family apart. What to do?
I (16F) find my parents (50-52M&F) too controlling and it’s putting a strain on our relationship.
help with anger towards my boyfriend
Not sure how to handle this...
Should I (20F) get back with my Ex(19M) ?
I suck at picking up if someone is hitting on me... help?
I’m [18F] stuck between my ex and a new perfect on paper guy
21(F) jealous that my best friend 21(F) has seen the guy I’m dating’s penis...
Should I tell my boyfriend about childhood trauma?
My family keeps getting surprised that I take bus but won’t lend me a car.
21(F) jealous that my best friend 21(F) has seen the guy I’m dating’s penis...
I (31) literally can not stand my gf (32) of one year when she is on her period.
I (24f) can't read good friend (25m) and don't want to push him away
My (19F) boyfriend (29M) got mad at me while in his car and made me walk home in the middle of the night
I (31) literally can’t stand my gf (32) of one year when she is on her period.
She left me. Was i at fault?
I dont't like my GF BF. Should I tell her?
I literally can’t stand my gf when she’s on her period.
I don't like my gf bf. Is it toxic?
Should I tell boyfriend about childhood trauma?
I hate my GF BF. Should I tell her?
how do i control and stop my anger towards my boyfriend?
My boyfriend and I live together and are self isolating together, but I feel like we have no connection.
I've recently found out the my partner of almost year now cheated on me 6 months into our relationship and it hurt. But I'm the type of person who goes off feelings and vibes. I know the logical easy thing to do is to break up with him and move on but I can't help but to feel
AM I CRAZY? IS THIS STUPID. HE CHEATED ON ME.
Have you ever met someone you were instantly attracted to, but ended up not dating them until years later? If so, what happened?
The night before last, my friend (27/F) and I (27/M) had a falling out over things that happened years ago, and she's angry with me for reasons that she refuses to explain.
Basically describes my romantic life in 10k worda
My boyfriend's brother uses me
I (f23) broke up with my over-obsessed ex (m21) so he started tutoring my sister (f28) and I’m pretty sure she has the hots for him??
My [27M] girlfriend [25F] of 1 month "needs" me to stop talking to an ex
I (19F) can’t move on from my almost relationship
I can’t move on from my almost relationship
Conflicted [M25] with gf [23]
relationship
Kids are women's work and I wanted them. Feeling absolutely betrayed by my (28F) husband (28M).
How do I (19 M) help my Girlfriend (20 F) cope?
Should we move?
how do i control and stop my anger towards my boyfriend
doubts
What little things can I do to show my Auntie going through chemo that she's loved?
My Boyfriend Suggested a Way to Improve Our Relationship, but it Makes Me Nervous?
Spouse Has Been Having A Findom Relationship With Another Man For 1 Year
How do I (32F) ensure that my ex (32M) doesn't feel used when I ask to borrow money?
How do I [f/26] break up with my partner [m/29] when I'm in love but unhappy?
I'm (24F) not in love with my boyfriend (22M) or 8 months. What should I do?
Boyfriend and I are at Different Stages of Life
My (27M) girlfriend (31F) is making a one-sided move on choosing a place for us
How do I deal with overprotective siblings due to past neglectful parents?
My boyfriend (26M) and his little sister (22F) have are too open for my comfort level
My bf(30M) and I(26F) broke up yesterday. Am I asking for too much?
How do you know if your (F19)boyfriend (M19) is losing feelings?
My [33M] roommate [59F] talks on the phone a lot and it is really bothering me
I (25/f) miss my ex (25/m) of 6 years
Idk if I (21M) am falling for my friend (19F) of >1 year and don't want to make things akward
How do you know if your boyfriend is losing feelings? Like what are the major signs?
i (22M) am in a relationship with a guy (21M) i love but am developing a crush on someone else
I (25/f) miss my ex (25/m)
My bf(30M) and I(26F) broke up yesterday. Am I asking for too much?
What do you wish you knew before you moved out on your own?
Am I [22m] holding my gf of 5 years [21f] back from being more successful?
My [33M] roommate [59F] talks on the phone a lot and it is really bothering me
My (14M) complicated relationship with my neighbor (14F)
My (14M) complicated relationship with my neighbor (14F)
How can I [25M] successfully pursue my Mandarin classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F]?
My Wife (22F) said she considered leaving me (23M) to have sex with another man while we were engaged.
I (24F) don’t know if i actually cheated on my fiancé (24M)
Interesting social distancing date ideas?? SOS
This girl (24F) I’m (20M) exclusive with said I need to lower my expectations of her
Interesting social distancing date ideas? SOS
Am I a horrible brother or am I being gas lit?
My boyfriend(26M) can be very difficult for me(23F) to deal with a lot of the time
This girl I’m exclusive with said that I need to lower my expectations of her
I [22m] feel like I'm holding my [21f] gf of 5 years back
How can I (25F) stop making assumptions about what my partner (27M) is thinking/feeling?
I'm (24F) not in love with my boyfriend (22M) of 8 months
I (24F) don’t know if i really “cheated” on my boyfriend (24M)
After two years together my boyfriend still has not expressed what he sees for our future. When does this start to become concerning?
I love my sister, but I can't be her therapist
I did something really bad
Painful and it sucks
Roommate is interested in me and said I can't have guys over
I can't be my sister's therapist
Sometimes I get the feeling of wanting to be single
My boyfriend(26M) can be very difficult for me(23F) to deal with a lot of the time
I [M23] Want to Help My [F23] friend after she lost her whole social circle because of her insecurities.
Complicated Relationship made more Complicated through Visa Issues
My Wife (22F) said she almost left me (23M) to have sex after proposing.
I'm an awful, indecisive cheater and I see no way of coming out of my situation with all parties happy
How do I deal with an older competitive sister?
My (28 F) cat (6 F) is depressed after my husband (35 M) left our house. Should I try to work out our issues for the sake of our cat?
Slightly pervy Father in law
I'm trapped with my (m24) controlling father (m55) during lockdown and I need to know if I'm right to feel like I need to leave or just being a spoiled brat?
Boyfriend broke a huge promise and it changed my perspective about the relationship
My boyfriend is trying to force me into something I don't like
I'm trapped with my (m24) abusive father (m55) during lockdown and I need to know if I'm right to feel like I need to leave or just being a spoiled brat?
Complicated Relationship made more Complicated through Immigration
Midlife crisis at 32
How do I move on from a decade old relationship even though I’ve married someone else?
Boyfriend (40M)wants phone records to build trust. How to exit an ongoing conversation?
How do I move on from a past relationship even though I’m now married?
Smoked some weed last night. This girl(33F) I’ve (40M) been seeing for the past 1.5 years called me a fucking loser for smoking weed and berated me because I got high at night
Is it wrong to decline my (21F) mother's invitation for reconciliation?
Someone unbeknownst to me [29F], took a video of us having sex and posted it online and the video has more than 10,000 views on one site alone. This video was from a few years ago before I met my SO (30M) What should I do?
Someone unbeknownst to me [29F], took a video of us having sex and posted it online and the video has more than 10,000 views on one site alone. This video was from a few years ago before I met my SO (30M) What should I do?
[M23] My [23F] friend has been so obsessed with her ex that it became toxic and all her friends left her.
would appreciate any feedback on our virtual date thanks
Help me figure out if I am unreasonable about alone time
My (24 F) graduation got postponed but I am still sad my boyfriend (28 M) didn't do anything for me graduating from my masters
My (28F) boyfriend (29M) has penis envy over my ex and its ruining our sex life. I need advice please.
What to do
Smoked some weed last night. This girl(33F) I’ve (40M) been seeing for the past 1.5 years called me a fucking loser for smoking weed and berated me because I got high at night
Looking for advice
What should I do?
Do I [18F] go for my ex [18M] or the guy [18M] who’s perfect on paper ?
Problems With Nursing Assistants at Work
Just a quick relationship question, any advice is appreciated
tl;dr Me(22F) and my bf(31M) 3 months in an 'open relationship', he offered to go on acid trip with his friend. He DID NOT tell me that's his EX.
Physical fight with sister
would totally appreciate any feedback / comments on our virtual date
I got physical with my sister
My (28F) boyfriend (29M) has penis envy over my ex and its ruining our sex life. What do I do!?
My best friend and I tend to argue and I would like to not do that as much as possible but it can be hard with one way cooperation.
Share your experience using the mini-pill!
A comment my(19M) girlfriend(23F) about finding me cute at 14 has left me feeling strange.
We have very different libidos and I’m not sure what to do about it
I [19m] want to brake-up with my girlfriend[17]. But I messed up.
Me(22F) and my bf(31M) 3 months in an 'open relationship', he offered to go on acid trip with his friend. He DID NOT tell me that's his EX.
thinking about my partners past relationship is killing me and i don't know what i should do
How Should I Feel About This Situation?
FWB ended things because I ignored her
My (28F) boyfriend (29M) has penis envy over my ex. And it's killing our sex life. What do I do!?
How Should I Feel About This Situation? I feel like he's not over his ex..
How can I help my girlfriend who is super anxious all the time?
My(F20) friend(M22) keeps making sexual comments to me and its not funny anymore.
How can I (25F) take steps to tolerate my FMIL's (F50s?) overbearingness?
Help. Struggling to stay sane as I try to parent my live in boyfriend’s (37M) daughter (8) who has ADHD.
I am a toxic partner.
We have very different libidos and I’m not sure what to do about it
Help me... struggling to stay calm as efforts to communicate with my live-in boyfriend’s (37M) 8 year old daughter fail. She has ADHD.
I (f23) found out that I'm pregnant and I don't know how to tell my husband (m37) the "latest news
I (f23) found out that I'm pregnant and I don't know how to tell my husband (m37) the "latest news
I am a toxic partner.
Argument lead to 2 days of not talking
Unsure of how I (20's F) can get through to my authoritative mom (50s F) anymore
Jealousy
Unsure if I should continue my relationship with my Boyfriend
Body Positivity
One of my best friends left the friendship for her abusive boyfriend.
How can I [25M] successfully pursue my Mandarin classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F]?
AITA For Masturbating Due To A No-Sex Pact?
My (42M) wife (39F) expects me to do all of the difficult parenting so my kids always see me as the bad guy and her as the fun one
Unsure of how I (20's F) can get through to my authoritative mom (50s F) anymore
I (F20) found an upsetting text on my now ex-boyfriend's (F21) phone
GF Bday, please help me
Unsure if I should continue my relationship with my Boyfriend
What do you do if your SO gets an awful haircut?
Not remembering someone you were close with's face after not seeing them for a few months? (19F)
Boyfriend is mean when he drinks, concerned that he may have a drinking problem (26 F, 32 M).
Break up advice needed please!
Does anyone else get very insecure when there's a lack of communication with someone, and you're not sure as to why the communication lapse?
My BF thinks I'm really into sex, but I'm not, but I can't tell him, and it's getting to be too much.
I (24/M) am dating my (22/F) who is considering travel nursing next year. Which her previous (26/M) is also a travel nurse.
For better or worse... my fiance (M25) and I (F24) will be parting ways. We still have so much love for each other... "Conscious uncoupling".
Dumper's Perspective
My BF loves that I'm so into sex and actually want it.. but I don't.
I feel like I’m not enough to make people stay (19F)
I (24M) am with my (22F) who is strongly considering travel nursing next year.
Boyfriend is mean when he drinks, concerned that he may have a drinking problem (26 F, 32 M).
My(26F) boyfriend(33M) says that I cheated...I never cheated.
My (26F) boyfriend (33M) says I cheated...I was raped.
For better or worse... my (F24) fiance (m25) and I just decided to go our separate ways.
How do I [f/26] stay strong during breaking up with partner [m/29]? (as the dumper)
Not remembering someone you were close with's face after not seeing them for a few months? (19F)
My SO’s baby mama talks s*** about me constantly
I have been resenting my friends for a few months now.
My sister says my bf of made her uncomfortable
My [30F] boyfriend [28M] wants his parents to live with us after we marry and buy our own place
I feel like my [19M] girlfriend [18F] overshadows our arguments with her mom, and it makes me uncomfortable
My (23M) wife (23F) of 4 years is threatening suicide over us separating
Idk if I (21M) am falling for my friend (19F) of >1 year and don't want to make things akward
Break up advice needed plssss
My boyfriend’s lack of employment seems to bother everyone EXCEPT me.
I am divided. Should I let her go or fight for her?
I {35/f} am wondering when my {30/f} girlfriend is going to come out to friends
My (19F) bf (21M) slept with someone else and I dont know how to deal with this
My (23M) wife (23F) of 4 years repeatedly says she wants to kill herself due to us separating
My boyfriend’s lack of employment bothers everyone EXCEPT me
I am divided. Should I let her go or fight for her?
Blabbering while drunk - afraid I scared him off
Sex has become a chore with my (29f) bf (24m)
I (15f) like a guy(15m) , but he said the n word and I’m half black
Sex has become a chore with my (29f) bf (24m)
In the middle of separating and wife repeatedly says she wants to kill herself
Advice for my ( F 21) friend (also F 21) in a bad/toxic relationship?
My (19F) bf (21M) slept with someone else and I dont know how to deal with this
I like a Guy, but he said the n word and I’m half black
I want to make it work between my SO and I, but I do not know how much energy I have left. What to say and what to do, how to make it work, I need to try one last time before it is too late. I don't know anymore. Is there a way still to make this work?
I’m M(25) and have been dating F(27) for 4 months. I’m falling in love but things have been odd. Are my concerns valid or are my past insecurities clouding my judgment?
Am I being selfish or my boyfriend (28M) expected too much from me (22F)?
I want to make it work between my SO and I, but I do not know how much energy I have left. What to say and what to do, how to make it work, I need to try one last time before it is too late. I don't know anymore. Is there a way still to make this work?
Am I being a selfish person in this 'transactional relationship'? (22F, 28M)
Post Breakup Improvement
Is it fair if I (28f) texted my best friend (29m)
The only thing that’s keeping me (19 M) from breaking up with my gf (18 F), is that I’m afraid I’ll get lonely after the break up. Any advice?
My (28M) ex girlfriend (26F) has started seeing someone new after only a month
Am I being selfish or my boyfriend (28M) expected too much from me (22F)
How can I deal with being jealous OF my girlfriend?
How do I tell my bf who loves cooking that his food is disgusting
my sister is better than me
My girlfriend (25) feels I’m (30) not giving her enough attention, gets jealous, has bad dreams about me and during argument she threaten to swallow a bunch of pills before I intervened. Now I don’t know how to more forward and discuss what happened.
Mood Vitamins for Birth Control
M21 Asking for help
I need help
I’m falling in love but things have been odd. I don’t know if it’s my past insecurities or I have reason for concern.
Reminder to myself and my insecurities
Gf (20F) doesn't want to have sex anymore and avoids the topic as much as she can, lockdown has made things even worse and I(22M) want her to either taper off the pills now or leave immediately, is this rational?
How can I deal with being jealous OF my girlfriend?
How much sex is “normal”
My sister (27F) hates my guts and criticizes me (18F) for whatever I do
I feel like my ex used me [24f/25m]
I am afraid that my weight gain is affecting my relationship
My GF (25f) of 6 years dumped me (26m) at the start of quarantine lockdown. Had 2 rebounds within 1 month on tinder. Came back to me. Confessed everything. However, I’ve cheated in the past and I came clean about it in out effort to work on things.
My boyfriend always plays games by himself when he has me over at his place.
I (M25) told my ex (F22) that I can’t be friends right now
How to break through stonewalling?
How to break through stonewalling?
Me [24MF] with my boyfriend [27M] of 3 years struggling to make things work during quarantine
I [29/F] think my partner [28/M] has an addiction problem
I’m (25F) struggling to get over a guy (25M) I was never in a relationship with.
BF (M,27) is non communicative with relationship issues
I'm (25F) in a relationship with (30M). Nothing seriously wrong with our relationship, but we moved in together too fast and I want to move out
I'm (24F) stuck with tiny ass apartment with S.O. (27M) during quarantine
I (22F) am upset that my bf (23M) broke lockdown to have drinks with friends
My wife recently left me
Can I (F27) trust my boyfriend (M 26) again?
My (21f) Dad (51m) is laying on the pressure for me to get a job during the pandemic
My boyfriend checks his phone before he says goodmorning to me
My arabic dad can't handle that I (26F) need to live with my fiance (26M) during the pandemic.
My wife recently left me and I don't know what to do anymore
Dealing with relationship insecurity
My arabic dad can't accept that I (26F) am living with my fiance during the pandemic. He doesnt want a relationship with my fiance anymore.
Dealing with my insecurity in a relationship
I need tips on how to cope when I can't get a text back (gay male)😂
How do I cope with the way my depressed partner behaves and how can I help him start therapy?
My ex lover (Female, 28) has last second cold feet on my (male, 28) housing situation
Could I get some advice and help with this love triangle?
Housing situation pulled ou
I think my best friends fiancé proposed to her with a lab grown diamond and she doesn’t seem to know..
Is my boyfriend cheating?or Im just a bit paranoid?
Housing situation pulled out from under me
Stay-at-home causing LDR difficulties (31M / 26F)
broke up but still talking?
Newly wedded. Is this normal?
The ONE friend who I hate wants to join Boy Scouts with me. How do I get her not to join?
I think my boyfriend messed up. What should I do?
Wife (30) wants to leave me (37m) and take our 2 children (5m and 7mo)
still talking to my ex?
Desperately need help
wife (30) want to leave me (37m) and take our 2 children
My (31M) pregnant wife (33F) wants to go to the beach with her family for Memorial Weekend but I am resisting. Am I being unreasonable?
I think my best friend’s fiancé gave her a lab grown ‘diamond’ and she doesn’t seem to know
Ex girlfriend who cheated on me downgraded
I'd like some input on a love triangle, although I think I already know
5 warning signs that show your relationship needs a cure
Desperately need help
Child terrorist is out of control and our efforts have failed.
My partners' child is a terrorist and changes are not being implemented after being discussed.
Communication is a bless
Girlfriend [22f] I’ve [25m] been dating for 3 months says her parents would want us to marry right away if she introduces me to them. Don’t know how to handle that.
Partners 5yo is a terrorist, how do I get my needs met and help her without losing my mind?
The ONE friend who I hate wants to join Boy scouts with me and I have no idea what to do. How do I get her to not join?
Need advice on nearly 5yo child and coparenting
How do you correct miscommunication?
2 years together and now he’s ghosted
I [24M] am torn between building a future with my S.O. [24F] or being near my aging parents [M62] [F62]
I [24M] am torn between building a future with my girlfriend [24F] or my parents.
Me [19M] and my girlfriend [20F] are on a break from each other due to fighting, but I'm struggling to trust in her. What should I do to make things work?
How can I (M, 26) be honest with my crossdressing to girls I am interested in dating
Can a difference in needs (physical v emotional) be an incompatibility?
Weir item in boyfriend room!
Me (M38) with a hypothetical woman (F35-45 or therabouts) - When does the attempt to not be creepy become creepy?
Why miscommunication?
I [M17] always cry when my girlfriend [F18] leaves/I have to leave
My girlfriend had made with her best friend
My girlfriend had made out with her best friend and I can't take it out of my head and at that time she had feelings for me but we were not speaking and she's still in contact with her sometimes i think very different about her idk can anyone help?
How to be honest with my crossdressing to girls I am interested in dating
what i have learned about myself in the past week. last relationship was me (23f) him (24m)
Me [19M] and my girlfriend [20F] are on a break after fighting, and she says she wants things to work out. However, I'm struggling to trust her.
My (21m) fiancée (23f) is scared and insecure about losing me, and it’s causing strain on our relationship.
My BF (28M) not over his past "relationship"?
Wife (38f) of 2 years said something that keeps bugging me(37m)
I don't want my friend (24F) in my new home..
Do you talk in terms of "ours" or in "yours" and "mine"?
Affair at any point. Does it worry you?
My gf (27F) of more than a year is giving me the silent treatment and not supporting me (28M)
My (21m) fiancée (23f) is insecure with our relationship and it’s becoming a serious problem.
Friend thinks not wanting to be friends with gay people is justifiable because that’s his preference.
My ex-friend is trying to apologise for borderline sexually assaulting my girlfriend.
Discussion about talking in terms of "ours" and "mine".
How should I [25M] go about pursuing my Mandarin class classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F] ?
Visiting Wife's Parents
My (23F) boyfriend (26F) of a year doesn’t post me on any social media
My BF (28M) not over his past "relationship"?
Visiting Wife's Parents
I (F20) am in a long distance relationship but I don't know what I'm doing wrong
My boyfriend(M26) hasn’t messaged me(F26) in over a week due to video games, any advice?
Is my best friend toxic?
How should I approach discussing sex with my girlfriend?
Ladies, how much would you give me (30m)?
Something my wife said keeps bugging me
For lack of a better term, daddy issues
Something my wife said keeps bugging me
I [20F] peed myself in front of my boyfriend 21M] and since then my boyfriend has been extremely rude to me
My boyfriend (M26) hasn’t messaged me (F26) in over a week because he’s been playing video games, any advice?
I [30F] have a newfound interest in sex. How do I build a good sex life with my husband [30M]?
Ex girlfriend didn’t believe in dinosaurs
The relationship is over, so how do I move on?
Ex gf being hot and cold. Breaking no contact and asked to be friends.
My ex girlfriend didn’t believe in dinosaurs
I want it to work so badly, but with so many issues is it even possible?
I (29M) don’t want to be friends with my parents’ friends.
Fiancée (F22) kisses her female friend (23)
Ex girlfriend hot/cold, asked to be friends and breaking no contact
Ghosted after a Month and I want my stuff back.
I (17M) and my girlfriend (17F) have trouble seeing each other out side of school because her parents are so strict
I (17M) and my girlfriend (17F) have trouble seeing each other out side of school because her parents are so strict
How should I approach discussing sex with my girlfriend?
I (23f) have a crush on my boyfriend's (26m) brother (24m)
Is this anxiety normal in a new relationship? Quarantine or cause for concern?
I [30F] have a newfound interest in sex. How do I build a good sex life with my husband [30M]?
Am I (34M) wrong for not reconnecting with a former friend/FWB(28F)?
Ghosted my a single Dad
My boyfriend hasn’t messaged me in over a week because he’s been playing video games, any advice?
I (23F) am feeling anxiety in new relationship with boyfriend (23M), with slow start.
Ghosted by a Single Dad
My ex boyfriend spread secrets to coworkers
My ex-girlfriend (F 20 ) says that I am the love of her life, but she is curious and wants to experiment, she says she is very in love with me (F 21), but she is talking to someone else
Fiancée (F22) kisses female friend (23)
I [42F] am having a very hard time communicating with my son's [7M] father [40M] during our divorce. Corona is making it so much worse.
Not sure if he (21m) wants to be with me (22f)... Is he ready for a relationship now or is he just talking to me more because he's bored over lockdown?
Fiancée (F22) kissed female friend (23)
Ex boyfriend spread secrets to coworkers
My friend (29F) keeps treating me like her therapist.
Fiancée kissed female friend
Did my girlfriend cheat on me?
I want it to work so badly but with so many issues is it even possible?
Ghosted after a Month.
Ex Boyfriend spread secrets to coworkers
Two years ago, I confessed my (F/26) feelings to my best guy friend (M/25) and he told me he didn’t feel the same. I’ve moved on and we’ve still stayed pretty close but he always gives me mixed signals - like holding my hand when he’s drunk... I just don’t understand men.
Talking to someone but not sure where it's going or if he's ready for a relationship? Is he just talking to me because it's lockdown and he's bored?
I think my family has killed my passion by supporting it too much, but turns it on me and tells me I'm just ungrateful
I (21M) finally cut my toxic ex (22F) out and I feel amazing
How should I [25M] go about pursuing my Mandarin class classmate's [20M] girlfriend [24F] ?
My family has killed my passion by supporting it too much, but turns it on me and tells me I'm just ungrateful
Why do I still feel at fault
Boyfriend (24M) and I (24F) have not seen each other for almost 2 months
Should I break up with my fiance
Is masturbating to people you know while you're in a relationship normal?
How do I deal with a persistently negative partner?
Pandemic problems
My best friend just cut me out
My best friend just cut me out
I am confused, because the guy seems interested in me in EVERY way, but doesn't want to date me
Am I [17F] the only one who doesn’t enjoy sending selfies to my SO?
Boyfriend (m23) always talks about getting me (f19) fat
I [25F] feel bitter and resentful over my husband [35M] prioritizing his ex wife.
Am I [17F] the only one who doesn’t enjoy sending selfies to my SO?
36f - looking for advice on biggest decision of my life
Am I (17F) the only one who doesnt enjoy sending selfies to my SO?
I [36f] need to make the most serious decision of my life - can I get some help?
Does this sound like he (26) is cheating on me (26F)
Should I leave him despite being in love with him?
I am confused because these guy, who seems interested in me in EVERY way, does not want to date me
Cannot figure out how I feel about my quarantine boyfriend now that life is going back to normal
I chatted up a woman, wife snooped and found out, now she’s leaving. Advice and processing.
Irritant
My(22f) father(around 50M) wont take any of my plans for the future seriously and I don’t know what to do
I (17M) don't know how to break up with my toxic (17F) gf without her killing herself
Broken up with for being well off?
I (17M) don't know how to break up with my toxic (17F) girlfriend without she killing herself
Yesterday I realised that my (24F) new boyfriend (34M) is a drug addict
Am I (21F) crazy for wanting to spend one day with my (20M) boyfriend?
At 14 I did sexual stuff online with men up to 70
At 14 I did sexual stuff online with men up to 70
Broken Up With For Being Well-Off?
She (23F) told me (23M) that’s she’s not ready to date. Did she just use me ?
GF [25]F is pregnant but is very overweight already and i've concerns. [26]M
Mistress
100% stuck in a marriage I can’t bear
Help me, I honestly can’t eat any more of my partners carbonara
Need friend advice. Just found out something about her accidentally that she hadn't shared personally.
Need friend advice. Just found out something about her accidentally that she hadn't shared personally.
My (19f) girlfriend is uncomfortable around my immediate family (22m)
How do i convince my girlfriend not to breakup with me?
My best friend just cut me out
My crush (24?M) got me (22M) into his Close Friends in instagram and I'm confused
Does anyone know what’s it’s like to have a toxic ex best friend?
Toxic ex best friend
She ( F 23 ) told me ( M 23) that she isn’t ready to date, is it just an excuse?
My 31F fiancé 38M looked up a neighbor online
How do you deal with the feelings where you don't need anyone when they hurt your feelings?
2 years together and now he’s ghosted
How do I get over it?
How do I get over it?
Should I leave despite being in love with him?
I, [17M] do not know how to let go of my school friends and start fresh
How do you deal with the mentality when you feel like you don't need anyone at all when people hurt your feelings?
How do you deal with the mentality when you feel like you don't need anyone at all when people hurt your feelings?
How do you deal with the mentality where you feel like you don't need anyone when your feelings are hurt?
I [27M] don't wanna get married but my [26F] GF does. What do I do?
My 31F fiancé 38M looked into one of our neighbors online
I [27M] don't want to get married but my GF [26F] does.
How do I let go of a best friend or a crush without thinking about them always and making myself sad
I (F18) feel like my sister (F14) may be a narcissist and it's ruining our relationship
Does this sound like he (26) is cheating on me (26F)
I (F18) feel like my sister (F14) may be a narcissist and it's ruining our relationship
I’m [23F] Almost Ready To Give Up On Dating
Mistresselina63@gmail.com Hangout
I feel like my sister may be a narcissist and it's ruining our relationship
Should I tell his fiancee ? Or take it a step further?
I feel like my sister may be a narcissist and it is ruining my self esteem
I wish I was a robot.
Does this sound like he (26) is cheating on me (26F)
Is it possible for someone to not be able to reciprocate love? Is it possible as such?
My husband stopped buying me gifts
Is it possible for someone to not reciprocate love? Can someone be incapable as such?
Got Bored During Lockdown.
Got Bored During LOckdown.
Got Bored During Lockdown
Me [30 M] completely confused with my friend [33 F] , no idea how to continue...
LDR: Should i (21M) end things with her (18F)?
I’m (21F) so sick of horny men, why no one wants to date me?
I’m 26(M), a felon, a recovering Heroin addict & she’s 22(F) top work position, never dine drugs, nothing. And she is the love of my life & the person who helped me find myself again.
Crazy females keep popping up
I'm [20f] hiding edibles from my partner[22m], and it's tearing me up.
Wife (26 yo female) feeds son (male 3yo) Junk food, sweets and artificial juices. She responds with anger to me (male 31) Saying 'ill feed my son what I want!
I’m (21F) so sick of horny men, why no one wants to date me?
How do I[23f] explain to my so[26m] of 2 weeks that I can't deal with his clinginess and don't think we will work due to that?
I’m 26, a felon, a recovering Heroin addict & she’s 22, Top position at her store, never done a single drug, and she is the absolute love of my life.
Breaking up because you feel yourself needing them more?
I’m (21F) so sick of horny men, why no one wants to date me?
How to introduce the idea of sexting?!
How do I[23f] explain to my flirt/bf[26m] that I'm not sure we are going to work due to him being way to clinging without crushing him?
Wife female 26 feeding toddler male 3 junk food sweets and artificial juice. Responds with 'I can feed my son what I want' to me 31 male
I’m (21F) so sick of horny men, why no one wants to date me?
LDR: Should I (21M) end things with her (18F)?
People who had a strict parents. Did you ultimately get end up appreciating or resenting it. Those with easygoing parents did you feel being raised that was benefited your life?
How to introduce the idea of sexting?!
Wife feeds toddler trash and says ill feed him what I want!
Parents ruin boyfriend’s credit, our future together at risk
Emotionally dependent on my ex
She left me
What should I ( 30M) do?
Parents seem to be condoning my (23F) brother's (28M) awful manipulative behaviour
Wife female 26 is telling me male 31 I can feed my son 3 what he wants. Feeding him junk food artificial juice, sweets. Why do I do?
Girlfriend(20F) of 8 months went from high sex drive like me to 0 interest sexually because of pills, has ruined relationship in 2 months. I (22F) have tried everything, even kicking her out and can’t find a solution that works. What are my options? And should I try keep the relationship going?
Wife giving my toddler junk food, juice and sweets, saying ill feed him what I want!
So weird to me ...
Codependent on my ex
How can I deny ugly girl kindly 18[M]
How can I deny ugly girl kindly
Me(22M) fear my relationship with girlfriend(20F) is about to end due to sex life ruined by SSRIs. Can I save it? I can’t kick her out so what are my options?
My(F25) girlfriend(F28) went to her friends' house and did drugs without me. And it seems like it will become a new weekend thing. Should I be worried?
PLEASE HELP! Should I fight for this relationship or put it to bed? Can you guys relate at all?
How should I [25M] go about pursuing a girl [24F] who currently has a boyfriend?
Whenever I (22f) try to break up with my boyfriend (22m), he says he’ll kill himself
Mom (64 f) won’t set boundaries due to the pandemic
Mom won’t set boundaries due to the pandemic
She [29f] guilt tripped me [32m] for not being her friend
She quilt tripped me for not wanting to be her friend
Parents disapproves of my (19M) relationship with gf (32F) with unreasonable arguments
Whenever I try to break up with my bf, he says he’ll kill himself
9 month Ex girlfriend takes Xanax once and falls in love
Is this an abusive relationship?
Should I call off the wedding?
She [29f] guilts me for not wanting to be friends
Ex- Girlfriend texting me on Xanax ? Not sure what exactly to do
(26M) I just want to do what's best
I (24f) want to move out of my widowed mother's (66f) house, but feel huge guilt about leaving her.
Is this weird?
Is this weird?
My [25m] gf’s [28f] sexual past bothers me so much but I wish it didn’t.
My best friend stole the love of my life and she want me back
I can’t get over this obsessive thought pattern
Can you tell me some crazy wild things to do to feel alive and pumped again after a long antisocial break?
My (22/F) cousin (22/F) has been flirting with me and I'm not sure what to do.
Dating with a possible predetermined expiration date
Dating with a possible predetermined expiration date.
Dating when I know the expiration date is close
My best friend stole the love of my life and she want me back
Is it lust I [18M] feel for him [21M] or romantic feelings?
I (27M) went through some old texts
My 16 yr old girlfriend wants to sell feet pictures, is this a red flag?
my (18f) best friend (21f) fell asleep a few minutes after a fight when we BARELY made up?? does she not care??
Am I (25F) doing too much for my bf (23M)
my girlfriend wants to sell feet pictures wtf
I [22F] want to break up with my BF[37M] but I need his help to become independent from my parents
Is it lust I [18M] feel for him [21] or romantic feelings?
I (26M) am seeing someone who is unable to fly or work consistently because of her (29F) health condition
How can I [25F] tell if my partner [24M] is showing red flags?
How do I [25F] know if my partner [24M] is showing red flags?
Went threw old texts
I [22F] want to break up with my BF[37M] but I need his help to become independent from my parents
my (18f) best friend (21f) fell asleep a few minutes after a fight?? does that mean she doesn’t care about me?
How to (Really) Move On
Should I forgive my boyfriend who almost cheated?
My (27F) bf (33M) has been denying sex with me
Should I forgive my boyfriend who almost cheated?
Covid Related Wedding Argument
Very mismatched relationship with girlfriend; advice plz?
Having some negative thoughts
I accidentally exposed my friend for wearing wigs and have put her in the position of either lying or outing herself
I [16M] feel responsible for my girlfriend’s [16F] constant well being & happiness
When did you realize you were in love with your partner?
Spend two years waiting for my first love only to be a second option
I [16m] feel responsible for my girlfriend’s [16f] constant well being & happiness
My [F, 32] boyfriend/guy I have been dating for nearly 3 months [M, 50] has (or had) at least 5 Facebook profiles.
My boyfriend blocked me when I called him out on his horrible behavior
my female girlfriend(20) said i have ruined her life because of this relationship, what should i do?
my girlfriend said i’ve ruined her life. how do i try to win her back?
My (M25) ex-girlfriend (F22) was raped two days ago and I am completely lost...
My boyfriend/guy I have been dating for nearly 3 months has at least 5 Facebook profiles. Is this a red flag?
Dealing with nightmares
Dealing with nightmares
A small story of abuse
My (24 X*) partner's (27 X*) stepmom's (50's F) nitpicky behavior is driving us crazy
How do people just talk to each other? Please save my dry texting!
I feel like a burden to my husband
Murder, psychosis, court and now a lifetime of this?
What does my [21F] friend [26M] want from me? I’m so confused and stressed.
I [24M] have a serious issue with my GF's [22F] cocaine/mdma use, even though I used to use mdma
[19F] I want to ask my professor [27F] if they are okay
I (30f) am afraid I’ll never love anyone like I loved my addict ex (34m)
Professor/student friend boundaries
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] is asking me to completely cut contact with anyone I’ve been somewhat sexual with in the past
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] is asking me to completely cut contact with anyone I’ve been somewhat sexual with in the past
Need relationship advice for escort dating non sexworker
I have gone through my entire adult life without my family knowing that I was attacked and raped.
Dating a nonsexworker. Need advice please
Crushing on My Coworker...
Told my (F27) guy (M32) I absolutely adore him. Good move or bad one?
I hate my boyfriends dog help
Told my (F27) guy (M32) I absolutely adore him. Good move or bad one?
My bf (19M) is really emotional and I (17M) am really, really not.
My (23F) parents want to meet my BF's (23M) parents before we move in together.
Am I [30MTF] being a jerk to [45M] that I am interested in?
What am I(24M) supposed to do about her(22F)
How can I grow close with people?
Advice on abortion? Please no hate.
My sister acts differently around my boyfriend
My sister tries to flirt with my bf
Fell in love with my Roommate M29 F27
I fell in love with my roommate M29 F27
My boyfriend used to talk to a girl way younger than him?
[M/F 30s] SO's heavy breathing asleep keeps me up every night
I fell in love with my roommate.
Boyfriend used to talk to a girl way younger than him?
I (25M) can’t leave my girlfriend (26F). I’m trapped.
My (F25) bf (M26) is deleting text convos with his ex/first real gf. I don't know what I should make of this...
Why am I so paranoid?
How do I approach women
I (F22) *unintentionally* triggered my friend (F22) with a meme, and I had no idea she was struggling
Still think about your “first love” ???
Being called his little girl by my boyfriend really does make me feel wonderful. (An appreciation post)
Why am I so paranoid?
manifestation
Still think about your first love?????
having doubts on manifestation
Still think about your first love?????
My friend has feelings for me and wants to text me all the time but I have a bf and I don’t know how to stop him
Snapchat streaks - is my gf lying?
(18M) My GF (16F) posted a picture on social media of her wearing lingerie with her nipple showing
How to get my boyfriend to call me
Did my own insecurities end a good relationship?
I (26F) found something weird on my SOs browser history (22M)
Today my boyfriend told me he has only only one backup plan and I assume he means suicide.
(18M) My GF (16F) posted a photo on her social media with her in lingerie and her nipple showing
Inferior sister
My sister>me to my friends
I think my friends like my sister more than me
Snapchat streaks - is my gf lying?
I think my friends like my sister more than me, and I think I’m losing them
Caught feelings and feel she totally led me on but she says it was not her fault, but mine.
need advice/reassurance
My(15f) best friend’s (17m) girlfriend (16-17f) made him delete me on snap, fb, and his phone in general after nearly two years of friendship and eight months of daily interactions
Yet another tale of noisy neighbors.
You can't love someone until you love yourself
Navigating new relationship with old insecurities
Yet another post about noisy neighbors.
Need a Hacker Girlfriend.
Homesick
Need Advice/Reassurance
Feels amazing to see the effort from BF on improving relationship
Caught feelings with a girl I'll never see again. Advice?
My (24F) new boyfriend (36M) asked to see 2 of his former FWBs. He respected my wishes and didn't. However, I feel like I can't trust him
SO keeps slapping my face during sex
Toxic/clingy guy won’t leave me alone
Relationship Issues and Keep The Brewing Storm at Bay
Those of you who live with an SO- How do you make sure you get enough alone time during quarantine or while living in a small space?
What would you do, if you were very aware (and nearly 99% sure) that a very attractive close friend, was slowly, and slyly, trying to steal your partner?
Neighbors family constantly make comments about me mowing my yard due to a bad property line, advice
I'm truly in love with my friend
Relationship Issues and Keep The Brewing Storm at Bay
How do I tell my wife’s sister no one appreciates her dog peeing everywhere?
What would you do, if you were very aware (and nearly 99% sure) that a very attractive close friend, was slowly, and slyly, trying to steal your partner?
Found out my(F16) Dad is cheating
My (29F) fiance (28M) got in to a motorcycle accident and is now out riding with his broken foot.
Is slapping (partner’s face) during sex abuse?
How to tell my elderly grandfather i cannot keep hearing stories about my grandmother's death?
My (29F) fiance (28M) broke his foot in a motorcycle accident, and is now out riding with a boot on.
How do I tell my wife’s best friend that many people do not appreciate her dog peeing at everyone’s homes?
My (24F) new boyfriend (36M) asked to see 2 of his former FWBs. He respected my wishes and didn't. However, I feel like I can't trust him
My boyfriend's brother is a huge assh*le and I'm starting to get pissed.
Should I tell my parents about my sister lying and going behind their back?
My [20m] sister [22f] admitted sexual attraction to me and I have no idea what to do.
How do I tell my sensitive friend that we don’t like her dog peeing at friends houses?
some type of love?
Help me please 😞
My [20m] sister [22f] admitted sexual attraction to me and I have no idea what to do.
My boyfriend's brother has a huge assh*le and I'm getting a bit pissed about it.
Help me please😞
Check out my Jersey Barrier on Mecari
Help please 😞
Caught feelings with the worst circumstances. SOS.
Becoming too much to handle
How do I[f] be as supportive as I can be to my best friend[40m] while dealing with my own anxiety and also not quite sharing the same communication habits?
Am I (f27) self-sabotaging this with him (m36)
What is the sister zone? Can I get out of it?
My boyfriend and I have different views on religion
Pandemic problems
I (F25) told my SO (NB21) that they could do better and that I dont deserve them and now I regret it. Is it over?
My [29F] ex bf [30M] got physical with me after an argument but it’s left me feeling guilty.
How do I cope with losing my girlfriend?
Just told the person I'm seeing they could do better and I'm a piece of shit. Is it over?
I (26M) need advice on a complicated situation with my devout christian ex-girlfriend(26F, 11 months) and a potential new relationship (26F, 2 months)
25M 23F I messaged her after two months of no contact, she replied once and stopped. Advice? serious answers only
Taking my girlfriend to live internationally, how to proceed?
How do I tell my Aunt that my kids aren’t allowed to sleep over anymore because I don’t trust her boyfriend?
She’s [21F] confused about her feelings for me [21M]
What is the sister zone and can I get out?
How do I break them up?
My (25m) friend (23f) hardly talks to me anymore and I feel heartbroken
How do I tell my Aunt that my children will no longer be doing sleepovers because I don’t trust her new boyfriend?
My friend doesn't talk to me anymore
Moving In
A friend who won't stop lying
Tired of my (F16) relationship with my parents
Trying to plan my (27f) future with a commitment-phobe (36m)
Moving In
A friend who won't stop lying and bragging
How do I find love at age 30? I failed 3 previous relationships. How do I prevent having a break up?
My boyfriend can’t kiss me
I (30F) failed three previous relationships. I am losing hope. I really want to have a family but it's so hard in the dating world. What should I do?
A friend who won't stop lying and bragging
My longterm friend ghosted me and all of her other friends, she's mad at me for not reaching out earlier and idk how to feel
Trust
Me (33F) is not sure what's happening with my FWB (35M)
My [29, F] husband [33 M] is sending extremely mixed messages and I’m scared of him becoming abusive but also our future.
I(25M) am having issues with my girlfriend(23F) while being apart during lock down
Me (33F) is not sure what's happening with my FWB (35M)
I'm still in love with my ex, but we're both in new relationships now.
My friend ghosted me and all of her friends suddenly, tried to Reach out, she's mad and I feel betrayed
I don’t know how to handle this break up
Am I [30 MTF] being a jerk to [45M] guy I am interested in?
Can a FWB (24F + 29M) abroad turn into something serious?
I (27M) ended things with the girl (30F) that I was talking to after being unsure if I would be able to handle her Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EMHS) in the future.
Relationship
Girl I've been seeing smacked me on the cheek. Feeling kinda disturbed by it?
I a[M] getting tired of dating, I want to [F]ind someone that makes me forget about other women.
My ex revealed stuff about my intimate life with her and made fun of it with friends of her and mine.
Friendships
My ex revealed stuff about my private and sexual life.
Platonic Friendships
Young Married Couple M(27) & F(24) Issues..
i am lost.
My boyfriend doesn’t like spending time with me
How can I make him happy; is this something personal or is this really my fault?? or this something medical like depression
What do you think of someone who talks with other people about your private and sexual life?
Should I [19/M] tell my mom that I am having a daughter with my girlfirend [26/F] after not talking to her for a year?
Hola everyone, I have no idea if this wee girl likes me beyond a platonic level, any insight is much appreciated.
i am lost.
My roommate wants to bring her boyfriend over during quarantine.
Hola dudes and dudettes, I have no idea if this wee girl likes me beyond a platonic level. Any insight is much appreciated
My [24, M] boyfriend [23] of 1 year recently told me he has had a crush on one of his girl friends for a couple months now, but that he wasn't going to do anything.
Last night, my friend (27/F) and I (27/M) had a falling out over things that happened years ago, and she's angry with me for reasons that she refuses to explain.
I [19F] am still in love with my ex [19F] but we're both in new relationships now.
Me [45M] with my [41F] wife of 4 years. We haven't had sex in 3 years. I was wondering if it's possible for two people who love each other can be married and not have a non-existent sex life.
SNEAKO IS BEEN MY FAVOURITE
story time??
Best friend of 10 years
I’m stuck..do I go back for the old or go down a new road? M22 and F20
AITA for wanting my boyfriend to get off his ADHD meds?
Online dating: I feel like women are getting closer to me and being “fake nice” to me (25f) after they meet my boyfriend (35m)??
My boyfriend(24M) wont have sex with me (19F)
Have I (f21) been friendzoned by a dweeb (m22)?
AITA for wanting my boyfriend to get off of his adhd medicine?
Read Girlfriend's Texts
why does it seem like everybody i date starts to lie in the first couple months, even when I dont show my emotions and pretend i dont realize they are lying ?
Does a great character worth it? (24/F) and (24/M) in one year relationship
Read Girlfriend's Texts
why does it seem like everybody i date starts to lie in the first couple months, even when I dont show my emotions and pretend i dont realize they are lying ?
Does a great character worth it? (24/F) and (24/M) in one year relationship
I(25F) am feeling that BF(27M) is not doing enough, but am I being too demanding?
Together but no sex
New wedded couple. Is this normal?
Does a great character worth it?
Unsure if there are red flags or its me being too demanding
Did anyone else have a quarantine romance that just ended as soon as quarantine ended?
Does a great character worth it?
Talking about marriage with my (21F) boyfriend (21M)
I (25/f) want to cheat on my long distance boyfriend (30/m). My head feels so clouded. Can somebody please give me advice?
My mom thinks i have PTSD from my brothers accident (semi-long)
Boyfriend hasn't done something he said he would and im concerned
Together.... but no sex
Does a great character worth it?
Unsure
Boyfriend hasn't done something that hd said he would
I asked a guy I’ve been seeing for months, if he would like to get icecream tomorrow. He said “it’s storming tomorrow” what does that have to do with going to an icecream shop?
My boyfriend leaked my nudes
Boyfriend hasn't posted a picture of us on his story yet
Is this normal? Newly weds
Unsure now
I cant be physical with my girlfriend and its frustrating
I cannot be physical with my girlfriend..
I (25F) really like my best friend (25M) but I know he needs a break
I’m (25F) struggling to get over an ex-FWB (25M). Has anyone felt this way before?
My boyfriend leaked my nudes
I told my sister in law my brother was trying to cheat with my friend.
Attempt to re-kindle things with my (36F) ldr ex-bf (31M)
How do I (f/35) respond to my boyfriend's (m/32) insecurities about his extra weight
my boyfriend (27m) freaks out when i (21f) cry.
Girl(18) im(20) dating calls herself ugly a LOT (eventhough she is not and knows she is not)
Help me please!
Should I (19F) ignore how scared I am and try my first relationship with (19M) ?
(20sM)(20sF) Feeling insecure about my boyfriend watching porn.
Am I asking too much of a new-ish relationship?
He just grabbed a change of clothes and left.
I asked my [33M] girlfriend [32F] to live with me, what would he good to discuss/ agree before we take the next step in out relationship?
Dont trust my[28m] girlfriends [22f] ex boyfriend [22m]
Me [21M] with my recent ex[21F] 5 years, how does one recover with losing a best friend.
My(28m) gf(27f) of 2.5 years did something admittedly sketchy and I'm not sure if there is more to it.
I (24M) feel trapped by my partner (26F)
i am a 19 (female) dating 18 (male) who cheated because i am fat?
I went through my partners phone and deleted texts from my partner’s BabyMother.
my boyfriend cheated on me because i’m fat?
Am I asking too much out of a new-ish relationship
Does being in a long distance relationship fun? (ldr)
TL;DR- I was unwittingly led into a lesbian affair with best friend (40f) and now her Boyfriend (42m) Hates Me (30f) and I cannot see her
I'm (19F) feeling insecure in my relationship with my boyfriend (21F) and feel like I take things too seriously
grass wasn't greener? m(35) f(33) married 10 years..
I just need to vent...
Boyfriend Secretly Fetishising me?
So I started talking to someone. I hope this does well.
I'm not sure if this is my true love
My (27F) boyfriend (30M) never wants to get married. How can we reach a compromise?
So I started talking to someone. I really hope this goes well
my boyfriend called me fat and cheated
My [26M] intimate life with my wife [25F] is very boring for me and I don't know how to tell it to her.
Long distance relationship
Girls, How would you feel if you discovered the guy you had been talking to was heavy?
What's the difference between being bossy and making an argument?
I'm not sure if this is my true love
Advice for a Heavy Heart [F27] Getting Over a Situationship [M31]
My boyfriend's father is saying sexually weird things to me and touching me in ways I didn't ask for. Help?
I don’t want a baby right now.
I need a gf
I (24M) feel trapped by my partner (26F)
Am I being or have I been abusive to my partner?
I'm (26F) jealous that my husband (25M) is setting up a DnD night with a group without me
My 23-year old (ex) fiance cheated and left me for a 15-year-old.
My boyfriend (27) told me he thinks his friends are hot, and wants to be able to freely express it.
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) has a drinking problem and refuses to talk about it.
Am I overreacting?
Dating a woman I have to eventually lose
In some dire straits. I caught feelings and I can't get up!
Dating a woman I eventually have to lose
How would you feel if you discovered the guy you had been talking to was heavy?
I'd like advice on moving on from a past friend
I'm (19F) having insecurity issues in my relationship with my boyfriend (21M)
explain a time when you thought grass was greener (question for women)
I think I broke my boyfriend
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) has a drinking problem and refuses to talk about it.
Hooked up with ex after breaking up 5 days ago
I cannot forgive my mom for keeping me from my dad and then cheating on him
Hooked up with ex 5 days after break up
In some dire straits. Caught feelings for a girl I'll probably never see again.
People slowly pushing you away
Should I invite him to a wedding?
Boyfriend broke a huge promise and it changed my perspective about the relationship
My (25f) bf (28m) makes me feel crazy.
I'm (30f) going to break up with my (live in) boyfriend (30m) but I am nervous so I keep putting it off -- he thinks we're good now
People who have a fear of intimate relationships (from growing up in an alcoholic home like me, or for other reasons), how did you overcome that fear, and how did you meet “the one”?
My (25f) bf (28m) is making me feel crazy.
HELP! IT'S URGENT!
Should I invite him to a family wedding?
Partner (M42) is friends with 19 year old foreign girls on snapchat.
Can I [29m] get a 'strategy guide' on how to be spontaneous or think creatively? This has been a recurring issue in my relationship with my fiancee [25f] and it's being pushed to its limits due to quarantine.
Partner (M42) is friends with 19 year old foreign girls on snapchat.
Girlfriend post selfies whenever we fight
Am i am issue in my Relationship?
I NEED HELP! HURRY!
My wife [30f] and I [30m] live in a 450 sq ft apartment and are grinding each others gears
I cheated on my boyfriend while he was “blowing off steam” should I tell him?
My wife and I live in a 450 sq ft apartment and we are grinding each others gears.
Wife constantly fights with daughter and puts me in middle, what to do?
Cheated on my boyfriend of 4 years, should I tell him?
My boyfriend (M 36) and I (F 26) just ended our 3 year long relationship during COVID, and I have to try to stay in our apartment for the time being. How do we continue living together?
Should I tell my boyfriend of 4 years I cheated ?
LDR: My boyfriend (18M) and I (18F) have a hard time solving problems
How do you build yourself back up and move on from the trauma of being in a serious relationship with a serial cheater?
I (20F) kicked boyfriend (20M) out of the house after break up and had sex with old high school friend (22M)..do I tell him?
I think i'm addicted to having no boundaries?
I need help! It's urgent!
My Uncle Verbally Terrorized Me + My Family and Has No Remorse-- What Next?
How do I detach myself from the person I am with that I shouldn’t be
Should I take her back?
I don't know what to do
Should I bother reconnecting with an old friend when she’s a different person now?
(M20) I really hate my dad but I'm not able to avoid him
Should I take her back?
Stuck in this weird 4 way “competition”
It's been 6 years and I'm (21/F) still thinking about my ex(21/F). Why can't I let go?
Mat dating profile causing relationship problems
My (13m) dad (38m) likes to do hallucinogens.
Baggage
My boyfriend (26M) and I (23F) haven't had sex in a year, we talk about it and are happy together otherwise but I still feel very unwanted and ugly because of it
I need help winning her back...soon...before it's too late...
Match dating profile causing relationship problems
My Boyfriend has been cheated on before and now can't fully trust me
Match.com email causing relationship problems
How should I [25M] go about pursuing a girl [24F] who currently has a boyfriend?
Ending something that didn’t even start, Help!?
How do I detach myself from the person I’m with that I shouldn’t be
Ending something that didn’t even start, Help!?
My Boyfriend Got A Hotel With Someone Else
I [26f] love my boyfriend [26m] of 5 years, but the future seems like it’ll be miserable
Anyone else significant others change completely and if so how do you cope with it ?
Match dating causing problems in relationship.
Match dating emails causing problems in relationship
Ending something that didn’t even start, Help!
Match.com causing issues in my relationship
I (M19) am a very jealous person internally, anything I can do to stop?
My (35M) g/f (27F) with a brain injury just broke up with me after adjusting meds and warned me this would happen
Ending something that didn’t even start, Help!
My (35M) g/f (27F) with a brain injury just broke up with me after adjusting meds and warned me this would happen
I (M19) am just a very jealous person, how do I stop?
My (25m) partner (23f) has turned back to alcohol and I’m not sure what to do.
How to deal when your mom starts treating you (19) like a small kid?
My g/f with a brain injury just broke up with me after adjusting meds and warned me this would happen
Someone please help me
I (26) am painfully attached to a schizophrenic girl who can't help but hurt me every time we're together
My (25m) partner (23f) has turned back to alcohol and I’m not sure what to do.
My (23) fiancé (23) ended things today
I’m a really jealous person and I can’t stop, any help?
My Boyfriend Got A Hotel Room With Someone Else
Clueless about my friends (F23) behaviour.
I (26) am problematically attached to a schizophrenic girl who can't help but hurt me every time we're together
My boyfriend won't talk to me about anything that bothers him in our relationship and idk how to change that
I (17m) am having some trouble with my girlfriend (17f) with lockdown and I’m not sure how to move on
21(M) is it normal to always love your first relationship for so long?
My (23) fiancé (23) ended things today
Spending HOURS in the bathroom?
BS or the truth?
I [25M] moved too fast into a relationship with my [25F] gf of 1 month
Am I [19M] wrong to ask my parents to make my sister [18F] also do chores and buy groceries?
My [26F] fiancé [28M] doesn’t support me putting a Satanic Temple flag outside our new home.
My (26m) gf(26f) of almost 5 years doesnt love me anymore and wants me to move out
My 26 (M) friend 26 (F) is in an abusive relationship and trying to get out
Brother (33M) is jelous of me (30M) Help please
My fiancé broke up with me today
Reasonable for me (23f) to be upset he (30m) went on a trip without me?
My brother (25M) is extremely toxic and me (23F) and my younger brother (19M) are scared to live in our own home [UPDATE]
First date with a caucasian girl
Distance relationship sex
What should I do? I want to hear ladies how would treat me if your are her?
I [15F] am starting to have feelings for my best friend [15F] and I don't know what to do.
Distance relationship sex
Cheating fear ( M28 , F21 )
Please share your recommendations for best books or articles to help couples improve communication and arguments
My frist love was a lie
My (26)m gf(26) of almost 5 years doesnt love me anymore and wants me to move out of the home we made together
I [15F] am starting to have feelings for my best friend [15F] and I don't know what to do.
My husband doesn’t like my hair while sleeping
Why do I still miss my “first” girlfriend sometimes?
I (29F) might have to break up with my boyfriend (29M) but I don’t want to
Am I the only one that's mom gets super upset if I don't remember first to tell her happy mother's day, but my dad couldn't care less if you mentioned happy father's day or not? Me 27M Mom 62 F Dad 61 M
Am I the only one that's mom gets super upset if I don't remember first to tell her happy mother's day, but my dad couldn't care less if you mentioned happy father's day or not? Me 27M Mom 62 F Dad 61 M
After 4 years I (24m) broke up with my girlfriend. She asked me if we can still be friends. I refused but i'm having second thoughts.
Insecurities
Is compromising the healthiest option to solve differences?
Husband costantly puts down women and suggests what I should and should not wear.
I (23f) Told a guy (21) im not into him, now he is ghosting me despite being friends beforehand
[sorry for username] Am I taking this too seriously?
Insecurities in a new potential relationship
Fiancé said something hurtful in the heat of the moment & doesn’t respect my boundaries re: cuddling & physical affection, what should I do?
[sorry for username]I really need some help with a girl
Freshly cracked pepper is ruining my relationship
Husband consistently makes comments that put down women.
Sometimes I (16M) don't feel like talking (15F)
I (20F) really like a girl (20F) and want to ask her out but can't because of quarantine. Also she recently had a break-up so I don't know if it would be a good idea to tell her about my feelings... or how to do it. Help. Please
How do I help my girlfriend over come frustration?
My [20F] boyfriend [24M] is wanting to take ANOTHER break
My girlfriend (17F) clearly doesn't trust me (17M), and says she feels like she trusts me too much. What does this mean?
My (22F) husband (28M) won't communicate with me without yelling.
Tired of lies/Rant
Mistake i regret
Mistake I regret
I [27F] don't support my best friend's [28F] pregnancy and don't know if it's my place to tell her
Am I being taken advantage of?
Mistake
Sometimes I don't feel like talking
Mistake
My (24F) Boyfriend (33M) still has his ex’s clothes at the house
I made a mistake
My now ex boyfriend (M 35) lied to me (F 34) about having a baby
I'm still in love with my ex. It's been YEARS. I want to reach out to him and tell him how I feel, but I'm scared of how he'll respond if I do. Has anyone had a similar experience, and had something like this work out? Any advice appreciated.
Now ex-boyfriend lied about having a baby
My (17M) Long Distance Girlfriend (16F) is Terrible at Texting
Trouble with Dad
I (27M) am in love with my best friend (28M)
Girlfriend (26) unfollowed my ex from MY instagram account. What should I do?
I (27M) am in love with my best friend (28M)
[33; F] questioning my friendship with [35; F] over my recent decision to only have sex within a marriage
I [M23] have been talking to this girl [F22] who had intentions of hooking up, but now she says she wants to get to know me?
I don't really know what to think
Trust and people
Am I being taken advantage of?
I (27M) am in love with my best friend (28M)
My boyfriend [20] said that he doesn’t want to listen to me when I speak about my interests/ passions. Is this bad?
Sometimes I don't feel like talking
Marriage issues and no one to talk to
I don’t know if I am in a toxic relationship with my best friend
26M Lied to and cheated on
26M Lied to and cheated on
Lied to and cheated on
my gf doesnt talk alot anytihng i can do to help her start a conversation off her own?
How to not get emotionally invested in a casual relationship?
My boyfriend (23M) cheated on me (22F)
I (30F) am annoyed of my partner (30M) constantly asking advice from reddit instead of directly talking to me.
I don’t know if I am in a toxic relationship with my best friend
Marriage issues and no one to talk to
I (20F) don't know what to do about my mom guilting me from moving out.
My (23f) new bf (30m) isn't as affectionate as he used to be and I don't know how to talk to him about it.
This is probably some kind of duplicate but GF[23] is breaking up with me[24M]. She isn't willing to make the same commitment I was making.
My (17M) relationship is clearly lacking trust, but my girlfriend (17m) is now saying she trusts me too much. Advice?
Quarantine mistake
I (40m) is having an American Beauty type relationship with a (19f), I'm trying to back off. It's difficult.
Boyfriend (23M) cheated on me (22F)
Quarantine mistake
Quarantine breakup
My gf (f19) doesnt really talk alot, is there anything i can do to help her out?
Quarantine Breakup
I [M25] am still in love with my ex [F25] 5 months on, and I still want to start over
My gf (f19) doesnt say / talk much but really likes me (m21)
I (20F) don't know what to do about my mom guilting me from moving out.
Quarantine breakup
Breakup Mistake
My (20F) Mother’s (43) paranoia and obsessive behaviour with conspiracy theories affecting my relationship with her
Is it too early to move on?
Should I keep trying or is it time to throw in the towel?
Me and my girlfriend graduating at school and are going different paths
Breakup Mistake
Struggling Mentally with Failing Marriage - advice?
Breakup Mistake
An argument turned civil turned empathetic & understanding!
Fiancé’s dark past affecting our future—need advice!
I (21F) think I am outgrowing my friend group (21Fs), and I feel really guilty about it.
Am i wrong here
I (30F) am annoyed of my partner (30M) constantly asking advice from reddit instead of directly talking to me.
I’m attractive but I always feel insecure about myself.
My (24F) best friend (24F) has barely spoken to me since lockdown. How do I address my frustration about this?
My bf is hiding his sexuality and I'm scared he'll cheat to find out who he is...
How to go about breaking up with my gf
Female friend that always views my Insta stories and never likes any of my posts ?
Weird question.
My boyfriend doesn't have any plans for the future.
I (24M) fucked up, she (My EX) (24F) says she does not want to see me ever again and I've never felt so anguished about a thing like this.
I fucked up, she said she does not want to see me ever again, I'm in a real bad place right now
I(25M) am having issues with my girlfriend(23F) while being apart during lock down
I ( 23 f) can’t stop comparing myself to the girls my ex ( 23 m) dated on the side while with me.
I ( 23 f) can’t stop comparing myself to the girls my ex ( 23 m) dated on the side while with me.
I'm still in love, although I had to let her go
M30 rejected by childhood friend, F30 but still likes her
How do I talk with a misogynistic friend?
Am I overly sensitive?
I (25f) just broke up with my boyfriend (27m). It lasted all of 12 days. We dated for four months before making it "official." But I just knew he regretted it. So I left. Could use some reassurance to tell me not to go back.
My [21F] boyfriend [22M] of 4 years refuses to stop hanging out with his friends during the pandemic. He says I’m forcing us on a break and wants me to hang out with him
Should I tell my friend his ex cheated on him now he's thinking to get back toguether with her?
Am I in the wrong?
[m23] in relationship but conflicted
Am I doing love wrong?
My [21F] boyfriend [22M] refuses to stop hanging out with his friends and says I’m making us go on a break if I don’t see him
Confused about space
in relationship but conflicted [M 23]
My Mom (55F) wants me (19F) to be best friends with my sister (16F) but I just can’t do it
Damage from last relationship kinda making it hard for new relationship
Confused about space
I [24/m] find that some of my friends [m/f] tend to only do things that they want to do or suggest?
Confused about space
Story of my 6 years long toxic relationship
I [24/m] find that some of my friends [m/f] tend to only do things that they want to do or suggest?
Damage from last relationship kinda making it hard for new relationship
21f in an open relationship, falling in love with my casual hookup
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) has gotten secretive about masturbating during quarantine, and I think it’s because of my strong opinions on porn.
Can some one give me texting advices?
Should I tell my friend his ex cheated on him now that he's thinking into get back together with her?
21f in an open relationship, falling in love with my casual hookup
crush/ friends with benefits
My boyfriend [M36] frequently takes it out on me [F26] when his daughter [F11] is being a brat
How to let go of getting cheated on (female 17) by ex (male 17) in the past
I (26f) am struggling to cope with the loneliness during quarantine and a mom (56f) who blatantly favors my sister (21f)
How to let go being cheated on in the past
My boyfriend [M36] frequently takes it out on me [F26] when his daughter [F11] is being a brat
I miss my boyfriend
I miss my boyfriend
Potential roomate
Pain/difficulty initiating sex in a long term relationship
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) has gotten secretive about masturbating during quarantine, and I think it’s because of my strong opinions on porn.
My (29M) girlfriend (29F) wants me to quit my job, or she will break up with me
I feel that we’re compatible, but maybe the chemistry’s dying.
What should I [27 M] do with a book my first (now ex) girlfriend made for me nine years ago?
Annoyed to even post this because it sounds immature but I have no one to talk to in Quarantine atm; 27F reconsidering 27M relationship
Superficial things also determine if you are ready for relationship
Should I (28F) text my ex (25M) during this pandemic for a wellness check?
Potential roomate
Am I wrong for feeling uneasy about my boyfriend and ex?
Trouble trusting my bf (20M) after he cheated on me (20F)
Should I (28F) text my ex (25M) for a wellness check in this lockdown?
My (32F) boyfriend (34M) has old dates labeled in his phone as “freaks” and “sluts” and it makes me uncomfortable.
Superficial reason matter too
i want to be a little and my partner is against it
How to tell my (24F) friends that talking about my weight stresses me out?
Don’t wanna introduce GF to family
superficial reason matter too
How to tell my (24F) friends that talking about my weight stresses me out?
Would you be friends with your ex? If so/if not, why?
superficial reason for a relationship matter too
Toxic family
Am I wrong for feeling uneasy about my boyfriend and his ex?
Caught my boyfriend (35,M) having sex with a man
My (21M) friend (19F) is being forced to block me by her boyfriend (19M) who also used to be my friend.
My (M21) boyfriend (M24) has been treating me weird for some time
DON’T BRING YOUR RELATIONSHIP PROBLEM ON SOCIAL MEDIA
I (33F) messed up my whole families life because I'm selfish and I can't tell my husband (34M)
How should I [25M] go about pursuing a girl [24F] who currently has a boyfriend?
He (M42) is friends with a 19 year old girl from Thailand on snapchat
My (24F) BF’s (27M) ex keeps sending texts reminiscing on the past, but he doesn’t think there’s anything wrong with it.
I need help
MANIPULATIVE PARTNER
My (21M) friend (19F) is being forced to block me by her boyfriend (19M) who also used to be my friend.
Me (32M), I often find that I believe I am more important to somebody's life than I actually am. This includes in the life of my recent (32F) girlfriend of one-year who broke up with me
My (F20) biological father (M70) killed himself
Tldr: No idea how i got here and how i justified cheating on 2 ppl at once
My [27m] roommate [30m] of 1 year refuses to pay for wifi extenders in full.
I just don't know what to do anymore
Cheated on girlfriend and just got dumped
Have you ever liked someone but rejected them just because of LDR?
How to rebuild trust in a relationship
I found my boyfriend (M,35) having sex with a man
I (36) cheated on my husband(38)numerous times and I want to find him a woman to cheat with
Close internet friend of eight years (27/F) is accusing me (27/M) of gaslighting her for remembering details of past conversations and bringing them up when she says things that contradict herself.
How do i make my intentions clear?
I found my boyfriend having sex with a man
Bf (33m) and I (29f) can't move past argument.
I (m26) was informed by my GF (f21) that she could do better right before we signed a lease and now I'm not sure what to do.
Finally met the virtual boyfriend IRL
quarantine breakup (f 20, m 28)
Can I change his mind on age gap 31(m), 40(f)?
I love my boyfriends mother, but..
quarantine breakup
Is he worth keeping around?
bf is friends with girl who hates me
Me 35f with bf 40m won’t commit after 3 years and I think I want to end it
Making Friends With An Erotic Streamer
My GF (late 20s) lost her dad recently, Im (M, late 20s) in another part of the country stuck, unable to travel. How do I comfort her while she deals with this nightmare come true ?
Woman I'm really liking, 27, stopped talking to me, Man, 29.
My (29f) controlling boyfriend treats me like an employee (43m)
Frontline doctor[Man, 29y], College student[Female, 27y], need help.
[29F] I've forgotten how to love.
Choosing between two guys when I live in close quarters for work with both of them.
Should I (F20) be concerned that my boyfriend (M20) found this hot?
Am I wrong for dumping my girlfriend of nearly 2 years?
My (25m) girlfriend (24f) won’t stop hiding my shit. Am I the unreasonable one?
Am I wrong for dumping my girlfriend of nearly 2 years ?
My [23M] girlfriend [22F] looks at handsome guys when we're out together
Why doesn’t guy I’m dating want to see me after lockdown?
Need support - Frontline doctor almost in love
28th birthday was last week- lost virginity age 27 with no adult relationship experience. What advice do you have for me?
My 35f thinking of ending things with my 40m bf but my therapist doesn’t think I should
My friend won't leave!
My sister has disowned me from seeing My Nephew.
Girlfriend(23F) won't respond back to my(23M) texts.
Choosing between two roommates when I live with 150 people?
My friend won't leave!
My girlfriend (26F) has gone through my (19F) phone but will never let me go through hers..
Should I (39F) stay in a relationship with my ex's (40M) daughter (9)?
Should I (44M) tell my friend (34M) that my ex (29F) cheated on him?
My sister disowned me from seeing her or my Nephew.
Where do I go from here with my (39F) ex (40M) and his daughter (9)?
Making Friends With an Erotic Streamer
Is it wrong for my (29M) girlfriend (28F) to be like this?
I (28m) can’t stop cheating on my partner (33m) of 4 years. Am I the dick?
Internet Affair ?
My boyfriend (24M) raises his hand at me (21F)
My girlfriend (26F) and I (19F) have been arguing about her going through my phone but never letting me go through hers?
My mom wants me to lie about not believing in god
Is it wrong for my (29M) girlfriend (28F) to think men are superior?
38 M - Is communication only to be preached about but not actually practiced?
I (28m) can’t stop cheating on my partner (33m) of 4 years
Is it wrong for my (29M) girlfriend (28F) to think men are superior?
My (24F) BF’s (27M) ex keeps sending texts reminiscing on the past, but he doesn’t think there’s anything wrong with it.
My GF (24) of 3 years emotionally cheated on me (26m) yet I'm still chasing her is this relationship worth saving?
How do I (m25) keep woman (f25) interested during quarantine after we have been talking frequently since January?
38 M - Is communication a fancy thing only to be on paper but not actually practiced?
Strained relationship between my brother (33M) and me (30M)
How do you communicate that you feel hurt by their words and actions without being accusatory? [I'm M21, they're F22]
Should I (29/F) let my relationship with my "friend" (29/F) go?
I (29F) slept with my landlords (49M) son (28M) and he found out and now wants me to come over for dinner with his family. What the hell do I do?
Should I (24F) confront (30M) him?
My (M22) boyfriend called the police on me (F20) last night.
How do I sort out the remains of a toxic friendship?
Help, please.
Am I (32F) impossible to please, or should I pay attention to these things that annoy me?
HELP!!!! I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO.
I made my girlfriend cry last night
Am I (29F) being unreasonable to be upset that my boyfriend (30M) continuously likes and follows sexual and provocative instagram images of other women in our area when I have repeatedly told asked him not to?
I [23 M] need outsider opinion about issue with my mother [late 40's F]
My(18F) boyfriend(17M) had a hard time cayse of the lockdown
31(m) problem with age gap 40(f)
Bf/gf vs fiance
I need some serious help with this girl
I (22F) got blackout drunk and confessed my “feelings” to my friend (24M) who was absolutely disgusted
Have I fallen out of love?
How should I [25M] go about pursuing a girl [24F] who currently has a boyfriend?
I (M28) have ran into a wall with GF (F26).
I need some serious help on this girl
I (22F) got drunk and confessed my “feelings” to my friend (24M), who was absolutely disgusted
Should i M [18] trust my F [20] more? Am I being paranoid for no reason?
Reddit, should I trust her?
I kinda don't trust her.
Getting back to an ex
crush/friends with benefits
I'm (M/27) not sure how to talk about the future with my SO (F/24) of 3 months
Not attracted to boyfriend but love him
How do I (25F) help my fiancé (27M) lose weight when both of us have struggled with eating disorders in our past?
I need help
Is it weird that I’ve been with my boyfriend for nearly 5 years and I don’t know if I can see us spending the rest of our lives together?
Have I fallen out of love?
I'm 22F but have a lot of friends who are 15 - is this weird?
Is it weird that I’ve been with my boyfriend for almost 5 years and I don’t know if I can see us spending the rest of our lives together?
I (23M) Argued with my mother and need outside opinion
Anyone ever have kids in a rocky relationship? F/30 M/29
Married looking at other girls
In love with my co-worker and need to get over it asap
quarantine breakup
quarantine breakup, advice needed
33f and 36m - dating in quarantine and wondering if I now end things
Whenever I talk to my mom, I get sad
My boyfriend [29M] criticises everything about me [27F]
In love with co-worker and need to get over it asap
My (37f) partner (40m) has a coping mechanism of reaching out to other women. He wants me to "babysit" him to make it stop.
Quarantine dating 33F and 36M: i became suddenly repulsed
I (20m) feel stuck with gf (20f)
How to protect myself?
Everytime I talk to my mom, I get depressed
Our anniversary is tomorrow
My (23F) LD boyfriend's (26M) birthday is coming, and i don't know what to do.
Boyfriend(19M) doesn’t talk to me(19F), as well as other things, is this a red flag?
Our anniversary is tomorrow
I [18M] feel like I'll be forever alone
I've (23M) been casually sleeping with her (27F) but not sure how to proceed
I've (23M) been casually sleeping with her (27F) but not sure how to proceed
My boyfriend (25M) hit me (25F) on the back
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) used to tell his ex derogatory things about me
How to protect myself??
Is it wrong to trick my boyfriend into cheating?
is it wrong to trick my boyfriend into cheating?
I don't know what to do.
It’s small and I might be overreacting but am I?
I (22F) am not ready to move in with my boyfriend (23M)- am I being an asshole?
I (22F) don’t want to move in with my boyfriend (23M) right now- am I being an asshole?
I'm just confused and don't know what to do anymore
I left a mentor (church and religion related)
How do I make my (30M) partner (29F) to believe that she is capable of improving her life?
I (20M) feel like I've fallen out of love with my girlfriend (22M) and am having a lot of second thoughts about our relationship.
Mom wants me to pretend I believe in God
What do I [19F] do about my relationship with my boyfriend [19M]?
I (27M) ended things with the girl (30F) I was talking to, because of my doubts on being able to deal with her EMHS in the future. Now I am having regrets and wondering if I made the right call. Advice on how to proceed needed.
Please put the bottle down and don’t hurt me.
Apologizing After 7 Years
Apologizing After 7 Years
Healthy communication tips?
Healthy Communication Tips?
Leaving a mentor (church and religion related)
Apparently our relationship has divided rules
My (34F) partner (34M) seems completely disinterested in me sexually and its making me feel sad and insecure.
BF(32) of eight years has a much lower interest in sex than I(26), where do I go from here?
Please put the bottle down and don’t hurt me.
I (20F) need advice on communicating with my dad
Should I (26M) send my very recent ex-boyfriend’s (31M) mom a thank-you card for the graduation gift she got me? (Together 3.5 years, broken up a week)
To what extent do you compromise on your wants/needs/dreams when your SO disagrees with them?
BF (32) has a a much lower interest in sex than I(26), where do I go from here?
Has Anyone Here Ever Watched Interracial Porn Their With Your SO? My [26m] gf [25f] Suggested It
Honest answers, please
How can I(f18) break up with my bf(m18) who I think emotionally cheated on me but I still very much love
Did I mess up with a girl I like?
Am I overreacting about my [25/F] bf of 9 years [25/M] behaviour
Should I remove him from my social media?
I (28F) can feel myself losing interest in my boyfriend (32M), but I don't want to. Just how normal is it for feelings towards your significant other to wax and wane?
Findom/Femdom here
How much being attracted to someone and/or having good sex with someone influence your willing to put effort in maintaining a relationship with them?
I M26, broke up with my girlfriend (34) of 16 months a few weeks back. After living with her for the first 7 weeks of lockdown, I have moved back home. However, now I am home, my mental health has taken a turn for the worst, and I just want to go back..
My 26M girlfriend 28f ex is always around for no real reason
Relationship advice
How do mutual/non-obviously-coming breakups happen?
Advice on life:)
Should I (25M) cut ties with my ex (25F)?
Its been abour a year and a half since i[28m] broke up with my gf[28f]. A friend sent me this pic and now shes kinda been on my mind as of late. Heres my story.
Advice on dealing with the aftermath of being with someone who was emotionally withdrawn
My [25F] boyfriend [28M] can’t stop dunking on my childhood football hero
My boyfriend likes pictures of girls on Instagram and it makes me feel horrible. Should I bring it up?
Advice on life?
In need of some well-rounded advice
My (38) wife's (36) father has continued to try to gaslight her for over 10 years and drive us apart. How much do I put up with until enough is enough?
In need of some well-rounded advice
In need of some well-rounded advice
A guy cheated on his girlfriend with me and I still feel guilty
My [25F] boyfriend [28M] can’t stop dunking on my childhood football hero
How may I help a friend whose in an abusive relationship?
How may I help a friend whose in an abusive relationship?
In need of some well-rounded advice
How may I help a friend whose in an abusive relationship?
My (38) wife's (36) father has continued to try to gaslight her for over 10 years and drive us apart. How much do I put up with until enough is enough?
In need of some well-rounded advice
In need of some well-rounded advice
Abortion killed me and my baby.
How should I [25M] go about pursuing a girl [24F] who currently has a boyfriend?
Did I overreact during my grief?
Currently talking to a girl
I need some advice here
H8
I’m [28F] still deeply in love with my ex [27M] and it’s hurting so much.
Currently talking to a girl
I (21M) feel like I'm wasting my time in college when I could be working in the field I'm training in
Recently moved in with my boyfriend and its not going well.
i wish i could support my long distance gf(f 18)when i’m 10000 miles away from her
I’m CARRYING the 1 year relationship between me M[21] and gf F[20] and it’s getting OLD
Terrified of losing him.
Terrified of losing him.
I’m CARRYING the relationship between me M[21] and gf F[20] and it’s getting OLD
My brother feels guilty about telling me about his dad's death
Help on marriage
Baby talk
Met a guy on tinder who has not ghosted me yet
Need advice. I'm about to lose my boyfriend to an arranged marriage
How i fixed my marriage
Recently moved in with my boyfriend, and it's not working.
Im about to lose my boyfriend to an arranged marriage
Bf nitpicks at everything related to chores
I (F25) don't know what to do with my feelings and relationship. I just need some advice
Our Second Wedding Anniversary
My ex (F19) feels like I (M19) sexually assaulted her
Do you think my friend and I are going to get in trouble?
Our Second Wedding Anniversary
Our Second Wedding Anniversary
My (22F) obsession with a celebrity is ruining my life
my ex and i talked for the first time in a year, help
I (F25) don't know what to do with my feelings and relationship. I just need some advice
You're right, love is not enough.
I (24F) feel like my boyfriend (20M) with ADHD doesn't listen to me
My (22F) obsession with a celebrity is taking over my life.
I hate my ex more than anybody in the world, I truly regret every second I spent with him.
Do you think my friend and I are going to get in trouble?
My (21F) Uncle (50+M) sent me inappropriate texts and I can’t tell my aunt because I’m scared to jeopardize my cousins
Old love
BS?
I (27M) Mutually ended things with the girl (30F) I was talking to because of her EMHS, which now doesn't seem like as big of an obstacle
I (F25) don't know what to do with my feelings and relationship. I just need some advice
My (26F) fiancé (27M) inserted his fingers in places I'm not comfortable with when he thinks I'm asleep.
My (21F) Uncle (50+M) sent me inappropriate text messages and I can’t do anything about it because it would jeopardize my cousins
I have been in love with my friend for six years and he does not know
Off duty cop looking up my address on my drivers license, legal? (PA)
Tl;dr
Opinions needed, please
I’m hurtful to my boyfriend without meaning to be
Honest question
Understanding My (25M) Constantly Bored GF (24F)
Am I (26F) overreacting?
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) doesn't seem very sexually attracted to me
How to I change myself to make people trust me?
How to I change myself to make people trust me?
I’m hurtful to my boyfriend without meaning to be
my fiance (27F) just come out bi sexual after taking psychedelics
I feel like my (22F) boyfriend (21M) is not very sexually attracted to me
I am attracted to older guys and I don’t know what to do about it. Is 24 and 20 too big of an age gap to be in a relationship?
Constantly Bored Girlfriend
Roommates S/O
Attracted to older men. Help.
my fiance (27F) just come out bi sexual after taking psychedelics
my fiance just come out bi sexual after taking psychedelics
My fiance just come out bi sexual after taking acid
My roommates significant other seems...abusive
I (29F) think I might have to break up with my boyfriend (29M) but I don’t want to
Help
I (23F) am an extremely jealous person and don’t know how to stop myself from entertaining the feelings. What can I do to overcome these irrational thoughts before they ruin my relationship?!
I (25F) need other people's perspective in the situation with my boyfriend/ex (31F) as I don't trust my judgment.
I was cheated on and I don’t know what to do
I (24M) cheated on my ex (23F). Having a hard time with her moving on.
How do I advise my friend who keeps falling for men already in relationships?
My roommates boyfriend seems..abusive
help!! 😬
Myself (25f) struggling with relationship (25m) during isolation
How do I (22F) get over this rejection from 24M friend
Myself (25f) struggling with relationship (25m) during isolation
Feeling replaceable in my family dynamic.
I (26F) am agonizing inconsequential texts with someone (33M) I like but don't think is a good long term fit
I (23f) think i’m pregnant
Boyfriend
People in long term relationships, do you have any secrets that you could never tell your SO?
My [25M] best friend [24F] has depression and i don’t know if the 9 year old relationship is worth keeping
Got cheated on
I [26, F] have been having threesomes with my fiancé [27M] and a “straight” woman [26,F]. Is she just doing this to get him?
Why can't a get a girlfriend
I (25f) just broke up with my boyfriend (27m). He was only my boyfriend for 12 days, we dated for 4 months before making it "official." I could use some reassurance that it was the right thing to do and to not go back to his house tonight.
My (19F) Mom (53F) and Dad (56M) are in a huge fight about the cleanliness of our house. Both are wrong and neither will listen to reason.
Why do I have so much trouble finding a girlfriend
I(25f) and my bf (30m) live above a very angry couple (early 20’s) and I would love to know if I’m doing the right thing!
I (16f) dont know how to get over a guy (17m) and cant interpret his mixed signals
I (M28) have hit a wall with GF (26).
Someone I've only talked to online told me that he liked me and I don't think I like him back. I have no idea how to let him down gently.
Update: mom(46f) forgave dad(50m) for cheating, I'm (20F) still mad
Did my M24 girlfriend F22 cheat on me or did she just do a kind favour for her friend?
I (f16) cant get over a guy (17m) and dont know how to interpret his signals
Is this being inconsiderate?
GF (22F) medicated for her anxiety and no longer experiences desire and thus doesn't want sex anymore
Daughter (18F) told her dad (45M) that he can't attend her graduation
How do I (35f) get my SO (37m) to understand, I don’t just want another job, I want a career?
My brother is angry and offensive, and I don't know how to help him
love,
Should I (18M) end my friendship with my best friend (18M) who i'm also in love with?
I don't know how to deal with my brother's anger
GF (22F) takes medication for her anxiety and no longer desires me (22F)
Ashamed
My [30F] bf [32M] blames everything on his appearance
Ashamed
Daughter told her dad he can't go to her graduation.
nobody in my life is supportive of my relationship??
Should I (16F) "expose" my "friend" (16M) for asking for my nudes?
How can I [F23] be less of a nitpicker to my boyfriend [M22]?
Trouble with boss!
Am I an asshole for kicking out my roommate for these reasons? I need advice on the speech I'm telling her
I (15M) snapped and punched my cousin in the face. I wish mum was more on my side with this
Explaining anxiety and depression to new partner. Not sure how to tell him about my mental health issues without scaring him away ???
Are there ALWAYS red flags for cheating?
HALP MA
I need help on a decision
Am I shedding away all the toxic people in my life?
I want to take my time to find a new job or build a career. My SO just wants me to get a job ASAP... advice needed.
Boyfriend has a girl best friend
I sort of cheated on my girlfriend and I feel so guilty.
UPDATE: My(20F) mom (46F) has forgiven my dad (50M) for cheating I'm still mad at him
I Can’t stand my girlfriend’s sexual past
My (23M) father (57M) wants me to move in with him to help get my mother (57F) back
My (20F) mom (46F) has forgiven my dad(50M) for cheating, while I'm still mad at him.
My BFs (M28) family is crazy!!! Tried to fight me!
My BFs (M28) family is crazy!!! Tried to fight me!
realized I am going to be nothing more than a friend...
I think my crush {25 M} likes me {21 F} based on the way he’s talking to me! Should I make a move?
Strange feelings for my bestfriend
I(22f) found my Bestfriends (22m) plan to kill himself
Is it ok for me (29M) to ask my partner why she (30F) doesn't want to have sex ?
Should I stay friend with these people?
Husband (M30) ignores me during arguments and gets distracted with his phone. I (F26) feel ignored because of this
Is it ok for me (29M) to ask my partner why she (30F) doesn't want to have sex ?
He (31, M) keeps bailing on me (28,F)
Boyfriend smokes weed everyday and it’s affecting his productivity as a medical student
Is it ok to ask your partner why she doesn't want to have sex ?
(24f) How do you find people to talk to that aren't vulgar/use profanity and inappropriate language?
Struggling to give my wife space in this mid pandemic
Hand size
How do I (28M) tell my sister (25F) that it is a bad idea to date one of my close friends (29M) because he is a cheater and a shitty, manipulative boyfriend... without hurting either of their feelings?
Strange feelings for my best friend
Husband (M30) gets busy with his phone whenever we have an argument. And I (F26) feel angry about this.
I (22M) struggle to stay engaged in conversations about my gf (21F) life and drama
Sibling seems to want to hate me?
Am I overreacting??
My(25F) dad(50M) gets very angry when I confront him about the racist things he says.
Moving on from my first love
Am I overreacting?
Strange feelings for my best friend
How do I talk to my sort of SO about labelling our relationship
My(25F) dad(60M) gets very angry when I confront him about the racist things he says.
Are men in general happier having multiple women vs being with one wife/gf? Be honest
(F25) A relationship without a future
My(17f) best friend(20m) was arrested at my house tonight
A relationship without a future
A relationship without a future
I respect women.
(25m) my ex (31f) said she might be pregnant but doesn’t want to contact me
Me 28F - My BF (26) is exhibiting mental health issues and I don't know how to help him or what to do.
me (20 F) dealing with a toxic friendship between (21F and 20M)
me (20 F) dealing with toxic friends (21F and 20M)
My (30F) siblings (34F and 24M) aren’t appreciative that I’m caring for my father with Parkinson’s
Me [F30] found boyfriend [M30] using my dildo/vibrator. Is he bisexual? Gay?
my(17f) best friend(20m) was arrested at my house tonight
Just doing a sanity check : my (30F) living together pre-COVID boyfriend (30M) invited people over tonight to hang out outside our house and barely invited me, am I right to feel hurt?
I (26F) am having to constantly ask my boyfriend (34M) to initiate sex. If I initiate, he gets uncomfortable.
Family is unappreciative and I’m losing my mind
I want to make things work with my ex-girlfriend again.
I [18M] feel like I'll be forever alone
toxic friends
Wanting to make things work with my ex-girlfriend.
Partners non bio kids and once very toxic ex living in her house, Im finding it hard to forgive and move on, I guess I need therapy but I just want to run away.
Is it selfish me a guy (24M) to continue to have sex with a FWB situation if she 19(F) has feelings for him?
I (30m) slapped my best friends (28m) fiance's (31 fm) butt at a party. How do I fix it ?
My(25F) relationship with my ex (25M) has left me unable to be vulnerable with other people for fear of being a burden.
I (30m) got drunk and slapped my best friends (27m) fiances (31 fm) ass. How can I fix it ?
My ex (31f) said she might be pregnant but she doesn’t want to contact me
my(17f) best friend(20m) was arrested at my house tonight
To the ladies to whom a male person (friend/SO/relative) opened up about their deep emotional or traumatic issues, what did you feel about that?
One of my [21M] DnD players [21F] likes me. Is it okay to like her back if I'm in charge of the group?
i don't know anymore
Moving on from my first love
I (33F) had to break up with my partner (39M) and people's reactions are frustrating me.
I (24F) and my boyfriend (26M) of 3mo don't communicate above surface level. I've kept my emotions bottled from him for so long it pushed me to do something that seems really mentally unstable? help
My ex (31f) said she might be pregnant with my child but has been completely ignoring me lately
Is it selfish me a guy (24M) to continue to have sex with a FWB situation if she 19(F) has feelings for him?
I (33F) had to break up with my partner (39M) and people's reactions are frustrating me.
Updates on “my boyfriend doesn’t love me?” (New in Reddit, don’t know how to do updates)
My ex (31f) said she might be pregnant with my child but hasn’t contacted me since about it
Long distance boyfriend will commit suicide by the end of the month. I don't know how to survive this.
My ex (31f) said she is pregnant with my child and she doesn’t want anything to do with me.
My ex wants to be friends again after two years
Am I a still a child molester? Am I still a predator? Should I still be held accountable for what I did as a stupid 14 year old? Do I deserve forgiveness? Should I avoid being a parent as i want kids in the future?
My toxic ex (18m) won't let me (18f) be.
Pm me on Textnow@+1 (740) 202-8862 Or telegram @Kranium20 Carding businesses going on at cool prices..And I don’t take full payment In box me for your iPhone XS Max IPhone 11 iPhone 11 promax Dell MacBook etc Inbox me on textnow@ (740) 202-8862 Telegram @Kranium20
I (28M) have deep anxiety and abandonment issues. How do I create and maintain relationships?
Medicated GF (21F) doesn't experience feelings of desire and I (22F) don't know when it'll change
my girlfriend dumped me and all I want to do is apologize and get her back
Girlfriend (21F) no longer has feelings of desire and I (22F) don't know what else to do
I’m stuck thinking about an old ex
My fiancé of 6 years wanted different things (spiritual?)
Getting back together with my ex
I (M21) don't know what to do about my girlfriend's (20F) feelings.
my girlfriend dumped me she is 21 and I'm 20
Relationship
How can I [30M] support my brother [39M] through his struggle with addiction?
[Advice] How can I [30M] support my brother [39M] who struggles with addiction?
Should I [30F] tell my brother [34M] that he's gone viral? His ex-wife [30F] published a popular article about how shitty he is.
Amazing relationship, but don't want it
He's [38] leaving me [32] for his friend.
M (19). Girl told me I give off “fuckboi” vibes. What does this mean?
Amazing relationship, but don't want it.
I (21M) asked a girl from my class (22F) out to the park and dinner, but I'm not sure if she's taking it as date.
This girl said I give off “fuckboi” vibes. What does she mean?
My [30/M] crush [28/F] lost interest overnight. How can I gain it back?
how are you dealing with not seeing your SO during quarantine
Am I wrong for being annoyed at my girlfriend?
Am I wrong to be annoyed at my girlfriend?
I’m fatter than my boyfriend
Problem with my ex (15M)
I just made 9k from Dumps + Pins and uses some of his Cc for Online shopping and booking of hotel ,,I also bought some bank logs from him and it really works He is really legit Telegram @ Kranium20 Textnow@ +1 (740) 202-8862
28th birthday was this week- lost virginity age 27 with no adult relationship experience. What advice do you have for me?
I [22F] don't know how to talk to a my friend & crush [21M] about being more responsible during COVID
I (21M) don't know what to do about my girlfriend's (20F) feelings.
I (22F) don’t feel confident that my relationship with my boyfriend (24M) is going anywhere.
Live on Youtube with Chaplain John!
No longer have feelings, not in a position to move out
has anyone ever had a partner that their family doesn't like, and it works out?
so like
M21 I'm confused about my Sexuality and I've jumped into a heterosexual relationship that I'm not comfortable with and don't know what to do.
To be with or to not be with
not sure what to do what this point
He [28M] plans on committing suicide by the end of the month. I [23F] don't know how I will survive this. Please help.
I finally moved on. I found life again.
I (20F) love my boyfriend(22M) but I want to split up.
(M21) I'm unsure about my sexuality, but I've given into someone who wanted to date and I've been with them a month but feel no loving/ sexual connection to them (F19). Advice please.
My [F18] aunt [F48] is threatening to call CPS on me and ruining my life.
Fun things to do as a couple?
Talking to a girl, but I don't know what "vibe" she gives off
Need help understanding why I'm getting so frustrated
Living together, no longer have feelings, not able to leave, do I tell him ?
Reasons to Not Move Back in w/ Parents
Boyfriend saved naked girl on tik tok
I think i have become emotionally numb due to some events in my relationship
not really sure what to do at this point
Talking to girl, the general vibe has kinda shifted
how do i ask my boyfriend for a birthday gift; should i?
My [21F] boyfriend [23M] has been secretive, found out he told his friend a lot of personal things...
I’m (27F) working on being more emotionally honest with my ex-boyfriend (28M)
single guys of reddit, what are some things you found out the hard way that girls don't like?
I(M/25) think I wasn't alpha enough towards a girl(F/18)
Feeling (23F) stressed out and alone emotionally.
Starting business with my (21F) sisters (23, 24 F). Is it selfish of me to ask for a bigger share of business when I do 99% of the job?
Roommates (f26) pushing back and making me feel guilty for wanting to move out, not accepting my decision - need advice on text back
I (28M) am having trouble with (29F), and would appreciate some advice
Roommate issues - pushing back on decisions
I(m25) think i wasn't alpha enough towards a girl (f18)
I [19/F] know for a fact that my bf [18/M] and I will break up if we are LDR after college
I am getting fed up with my (20 F) boyfriends (25 M) constant gaming, and childish behavior. I am considering breaking up with him for it.
I(m25) wasn't enough a f*** boy towards a girl(f18)
I(m25) wasn't enough of a f** Boy to a girl(f18)
My Wife (35F) wants to try for a girl, but I (34M) am. No longer on board after my experience parenting our 2 boys.
Trying to have a discussion with my husband ...
Advice for your fellow human.
Should I keep in contact or let her come to me?
I (35F) hate my life as a stay at home step mom during this pandemic.
I(25 m) wasn't enough a f*** boy towards a girl(18 f)
My girlfriend hates me but won’t break up with me.
I(M25) wasn't enough a f** boy towards a girl(F18)
I have to talk about this with someone
I have to talk about this with someone
I'm (18M) worried that I may never find a girl who has the same or similar interests, hobbies, lifestyle, etc. as me and who loves me. What should I do?
I'm (18M) worried that I may never find a girl who has the same or similar interests, hobbies, lifestyle, etc. as me and who loves me. What should I do?
Got ghosted
I (20F) FRUSTRATED AT Bf (20M)
Acquaintance wants me to hold them accountable for decreasing alcohol intake
I can’t move on after a breakup and it’s tearing me apart please help
Which path should I choose
Ghosted
Marriage
Which path should I take
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) made an insensitive comment about my disorder.
I can’t move on after a recent breakup and it’s tearing me apart please help
I [23 F] can't seem to get over my 10 month relationship with my ex-boyfriend [23 M], even though it's been 7 months. Can't sleep because of sad thoughts
“Which path should I take”
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) made an insensitive comment about my "condition"
I can’t move on after a recent breakup and it’s tearing me apart please help
Ghosted
I can’t move on after a recent breakup and it’s tearing me apart please help
I can’t move on after a recent breakup and it’s tearing me apart please help
My gf wants to open the relationship. Does this things work?
My [25M] girlfriend [30] hasn’t worn anything but sweats in over a month, and it’s kind of starting to bore me physically
Sexually attracted vs aesthetically attracted
My boyfriend (26) and I (24F) got into a minor fight. Which left me feeling so anxious, upset, and hurt that i couldn't settle down. I punched my steering wheel till I bled. This isn't healthy, why did I do this?
27M Home Alone while fiance 25F goes on Vacation
How do I F(22) connect with my boyfriend M(23) on a deeper level.
I can’t get over my ex no matter how hard I try I need help (don’t need to read the long paragraphs that’s just for context and I felt I needed to get it out)
Is my dad lowkey a sexist?
Is my dad lowkey a sexist? My dad often favors my brother 16 (M) and spoils him to death, telling him he doesnt need to do anything in the household since that’s sth women are supposed to do.
I feel like my dad is a sexist
I [19/F] know for a fact that my bf [18/M] and I will breakup if we turn into LDR after college
I feel like my dad is a sexist?
My (26M) GF(27F) and I got into a fight and she didn't reply for a week. She claims that's not breaking up.
Wife mother died, thinking about divorce
Parents (36) are split up and very passive aggressive with each other whenever one picks me (15M) up. Looking for a way to stop the tension.
I feel like my dad is a sexist?
My GF(23F) and I(24M) have been in a relationship for over 3 years, we hit a rough patch and suddenly everything feels different. I'm completely stuck on what to do
Wife’s mother died, thinking about divorce
How can I build a friendship with my crush in quarantine?
My GF(23F) and I(24M) have been in a relationship for over 3 years, we hit a rough patch and suddenly everything feels different. I'm completely stuck on what to do
How can I build a friendship with my crush in quarantine?
“Confused”
I (24M) got into it with my Brother (29M)
How can I build a friendship with my crush in quarantine?
Sexually attracted vs aesthetically attracted
My [23M] ex [21F] has a bf [25M] but talks about sexual stuff with me?
Any girls with bigger hands than their man?
I (24M) got into with my Brother (29M)
How can I build a friendship with my crush in quarantine?
I (24F) am ready to break up with my boyfriend (24M) of 4 years. He is deeply in love with me and I care for him as well. However, we are truly incompatible. I am dragging my feet because I don't want to break his heart. Need advice on how to go about this.
He has nowhere to go.
How do I (21F) get my hateful, manipulative, disturbed ex boyfriend (23M) to stop guilt-tripping me? Story included
Girlfriend made a joke in front of her mates about something to do with my parents that has caused a huge amount of upset/ stress over the last few years.
How to rebuild trust in a friendship?
Suspicious items.
after 2 years, my ex claims he’s changed and wants to be friends *LONG AND COMPLICATED*
Me [20F] with my boyfriend [20M] of 6 months, he openly admits to flirting with girls, how do I deal with this?
How do I tell my boyfriend,,,
Me [30sF] wanting to end a friendship with [50sF] and family that maintains a relationship with my harmful [30sM]
My (33F) Fiance (36M) dismisses my severe depressive episodes and its pushing me away
How to handle guys who don’t plan dates?
Girlfriend [27f] of 3 years frequently goes for the premium/gourmet/expensive version of everything. I’m [28m] the opposite most of the time and it can be frustrating.
My (24F) fiancé (28M) sent sexual messages to a woman on Facebook. I really need advice.
(F) Need advice regarding my sexual experiences want to experience another gangbang
How to handle guys who don’t plan dates?
Wondering what the likelihood is of picking up a relationship after a long break.
How should I (F25) break up with my boyfriend (M25)?
How to I tell my boyfriend,,,
What would you make of these items?
How do I (F26) break up with my boyfriend (M26)?
Me [20M] is suspect of my girlfriend [20F] of cheating.
Am I overreacting?
F/30 I’m 9 weeks pregnant, bf M/29 against termination
How do I (21M) deal with being a relationship (20F) when I have feelings of wanting an out?
I (30M) feel like things are coming to an end with my fiance (27F)
I [23F] am trying to decide if I should reconnect with my family that I went NC with.
My [30/M] friend [28/F] ghosted me. How can I fix?
My Girlfriend is convinced I'm cheating on her.
My (F20) boyfriend (M20) is going through a rough time and every time I try to help him he complains.
How do I (21M) deal with being a relationship (20F) when I have feelings of wanting an out?
AITA if I cut my hair for safety and comfort?
My partner said if we had met sooner, we would've been engaged by now but it's bugging me.
I (19F) tricked my ex (19M) into cheating
I [21f] Am Considering Breaking Up With Boyfriend [21m] Over Lack of Consistency in School
My partner said if we had met sooner, we would've been engaged by now but it's kind of bugging me.
The only reason I’m upset about the breakup is because I feel rejected - otherwise he was no good for me
I’m (20f) trying to get over a friend I fell for (21m)
LONG AND STRANGE but please bear with me if you can :/ My(24F) ex(22F) is using a weird form of no contact and it feels controlling/intentionally harmful
My (23F) Boyfriend (23M) lied about having dinner with a female friend
How do I (M20) help my girlfriend (F20) get over her fear of being alone at night?
My boyfriend’s genius turns me on and I can’t stop thinking about going down on him
I (19F) tricked my ex (19M) into cheating
I tricked my ex into cheating
Boyfriend does not support me having a termination
I don't want to move for my husband's job
Am I controlling? 26F
Where is the line between being controlling and trying to help/ acceptable nagging etc. ??
AITA for cutting my hair against my boyfriend's wishes?
Boyfriend will not let me have a pregnancy termination
Me [27/M] and my girlfriend [28/F] had a huge argument after learning she was having a miscarriage
My [27/M] girlfriend [28/F] miscarried and we had a massive argument
How can I trust a guy?
My (24F) boyfriend (34M) brags about how much he spoiled his ex
I don't want to move for my husband's job
how to get over a friend (21m)
Hanging between my feelings for my ex girlfriend and my ex friend with benefits partner ( both of them are my friends now )
My (23F) Boyfriend (23M) lied about having dinner with a female friend
any tips on how to get over someone?
Hanging between my feelings for my ex girlfriend and my ex friend with benefits partner ( both of them are my friends now )
It's Working...
Mah heart
My (18f) parents realized I wasn’t where I said I was - I was with a guy instead
my grandpa (62m) hasn’t wanted much to do with me since I (19f) was a kid, is there anything I can do?
Gift
Day 1
Roommate being rude to me but still using my things
Gifts
My (33F) fiance (36M) dismisses my severe depressive episodes and its pushing me away
How would you interpret this letter
GF broke up with me over Instagram
Just sitting here with my girlfriend’s head on my lap M(15) F(15)
Not sure if I (30F) was date raped or taken advantage of by my guy friend (32M), not sure how to proceed.
Gf (swedish, 30) wants to move back to Sweden, and hatch an egg. I (polish, 31) finally got massive wind in career and lifestyle sails in Berlin after moving here for job 1 year ago with her. Moving back for me would mean I need to lower expectations on several fronts.
Is my (20sf) client (40m) being abused by his dad(70s)?
Just sitting here with my girlfriend’s head on my lap M(15) F(15)
Was I (34F) rude to my Dad (76M)?
How do I (27M) talk to my gf (30F) about her weight?
Why would my [30/M] friend [28/F] inquire about my availability just to ghost me?
Why does my (f28) partner (m26) hide his social media from me?
Just sitting here with my girlfriend’s head on my lap
My(f23) mother(f49 is toxic. How do I distance myself from her?
My(f23) mother(f49) is toxic. How do I distance myself from her?
19 year old here, there is nothing wrong with a 50 year old dating an 18 year old.
How do I (23m) move on from my ex (24f) when she has me in limbo?
Gf (30) wants to move back to Sweden where her family & friends live, I lived there before but career and lifestyle is 10x better in Berlin. She also wants to move to next stage.
Is it wrong for me to be disappointed when I’m expecting something?
Should I tell my boyfriend before being distant or be distant and let him figure it out and show changed behaviour? TL;DR
I don’t know how to feel about the change in his interaction with me.
I broke up with my boyfriend for selfish reasons
My [23F] boyfriend [26M] makes me feel like I'm crazy
I don’t know how to feel about his behaviour - please help!
when you're mad at your partner and they know the reason, telling them why and punishing is good or punish directly?
Girlfriend’s parents want to talk to my parents
I[24M] am having a difficult time understanding how to begin a relationship with my best friend [22F] because of my upbringing and anxiety.
My [23F] boyfriend [26M] makes me feel like I'm a psycho.
I[24M] am having a very difficult time understanding how to begin a relationship with my best friend[22F] because of my upbringing.
Jealousy
I (22F) suspect I am literally insane and it's ruining my relationship; I just don't suspect it strongly enough to actually disregard my fears.
I (22F) suspect I am batshit
My bf (20) is suggesting for a mutual breakup because I'm not sure about having sex with him earlier in the future.
opinions on breaks in relationships?
Best friend/roommate(27F) doesn't want my(26F) boyfriend(29M) over
Gf[20] sent bikini pics to a male coworker, is this a red flag?
(29F) something weird and bad is going on with my boyfriend (30M) and I need help.
How to rebuild trust in a friendship?
Gf[20] sent bikini pics to a male coworker
My boyfriend (31) feels like something is missing. We always came along very well. As I (37F) feel anxious to loose him and hurted, since that moment, none of us knows how to move on. He suggested a break up, because he don't want to ruin our friendship. Told him friendship would be hurtful
My GF[20] sent pictures of herself in a bikini to a male coworker
How to rebuild trust in a friendship?
How to rebuild trust in a friendship?
My boyfriend (21m) gets frustrates when I (21f) get emotional.
My (f22) sister (f31) and her anger tantrums. Speak to her or bear with it?
Can a FWB (24F + 29M) abroad turn into something serious?
Day 1
My head is a mess with partner (20F)
I 38F lost trust in my 40M husband of 6 years after he encouraged daughter to lie about endangering my life
My [20 M] girlfriend [19 F] of 2 years has to choose a city where she will be studying in and we both struggle.
My head is a mess, not sure what to do with partner 20F
Lost trust in my 40M husband of 6 years after he told daughter to lie about endangering my life
My(27f) husband(30m) is in therapy for very low self esteem, and he and his therapist think it's because of how his parents treated him growing up
Going through the worst breakup of my life, do I stand a chance?
I [23 M] Keep Having Nightmares About Her [21 F] Leaving Me
My (23F) partner of 5 years (29M)'s mother is dying.
I [22M] can’t stop having nightmares that my girlfriend [21F] left me.
Feel guilty about lack of mention about late father on his birthday
What to do about stupid fights? Please help ._.
Need some advice. Boyfriend (31M) and I (37F) come along very well, but he recently said he felt something is missing. Since that monent we don't know how to move on, because I feel hurt. His anxiety to loose our friendship, and hurting me, made him suggest to break up and save our friendship
I had a FWB while studying abroad last year and we’ve kept in touch even through COVID..
Feeling guilty at lack of mention about late dads birthday
27 (f) me and 27 (m) dating less than a year. He inappropriately texted his coworker, what should I do?
My GF (F23) and I (M23) haven’t seen each other in nearly two months because of Corona. How do I support her?
Our relationship has an end date on it. Is it still worth working through issues in spite of that?
27 f(me) and m. Boyfriend inappropriately texting coworker.
I'm (23M) in a tricky situation with my best friend (24F)
I'm (23) in a complicated situation with my best friend (22F)
GF is great in person. But really distant when not with me.
I’m (M25) now having second thoughts about my girlfriend (F24) of 8 months, though I really love her.
My [24F] boyfriend [25M] of three years told me that he plans to spend a few months of his post grad studies in China; he's also been studying romantic phrases in Mandarin
single
Corona has kept my GF (23) and I (M23) from seeing each other for nearly two months, how do I make her feel supported?
Feeling like a loser
My boyfriend won’t have sex with me because I’m “not nice” when I ask him to do chores (because otherwise I do all the chores)
I don’t know if he is in love with me or has lust for me
I’m (M25) now having second thoughts about my girlfriend (F24) of 8 months, though I really love her.
GF is great in person, but otherwise pretty distant
Forgiving or not?
Wonderful boyfriend (27) became very jealous
Forgiving or not?
My (18m) girlfriend (18f) got on video call with a guy for sexual reasons and idk what i should do
Your childhood affects the way you love in a relationship.
Never Get Married
super funnel
I have so many regrets from my past relationship [27f, 37m]
How to help my depressed twin
Is this a deal breaker? My boyfriend (28) and i (27) are opposites
Mom has sex when I’m home
My sister [21F], my ex-best friend [22F], and I [23F]
How would you know if you have a second chance with someone?
My (21F) little brother (18M) was dumped over text over a week ago. How can I help?
fiance is breaking up with me
GF [19f] of 5 months thinks that if I [19m] masturbate, it’s because I’m not satisfied with her. How to talk her out of this mindset?
My (34f) boyfriend (40m) refuses to 'unfriend' the coworker he cheated on me with. Am I being unreasonable?
My(19f) boyfriend’s(22m) extended family want him a black girlfriend, not a yellow one
I [F20] have a secret before my boyfriend [M20] which can ruin our relationship
5 scientifically ways to make relationships stronger and longer
Quarantine is making me overthink and it’s making me “doubt” my GF’s statements :/
Is My Lack of Confidence to Blame or Is It Actually My Height?
My black boyfriend’s extended family want a black girlfriend for him, not a yellow one
fiance breaking up the marriage
Ghosted by Best Friend after assault
How can I (29/M) further my approach towards emotional infidelity (28/F) with my partner?
My [36M] wife [45F] said she caught my ex wife [37F] staring at her work in disgust like she knew who she was.
I’m a Try Hard and Don’t Want to Play By the Rules of Dating
fiance breaking up the marriage
My brother feels guilty for telling me about his dad's death
I Like Being a Try Hard and Don’t Want to Follow Dating Rules
Am I (35 M) being too hard on my Dad (62)?
fiance is breaking up the marriage
This clip by Simon Sinek made me bawl my eyes out. It feels like my fiance (28M) doesn't love me (23F) anymore
Complaining in Relationships
My (34f) partner (40f) refuses to 'unfriend' the coworker he cheated on me with. Am I being unreasonable?
[UPDATE] to My best friend hates me because her dog died on my watch
Vent: This talk/clip by Simon Sinek made me (23F) bawl my eyes out
Jokingly asked my (19/F) boyfriend (20/M) whether he'd still love me if turned into a worm and he said no. Now I feel a bit hurt.. ?
My boyfriend and I have a disagreement
Why am i overthinking?
i can't stop stalking my bfs instagram
Why am i overthinking?
How should I (29/M) continue to approach the subject of emotional infidelity with my partner(28/F)?
Should i (29M) end my friendship with my closest friend (29M) over his constant sports trash talk?
My (34f) partner (40f) refuses to 'unfriend' the coworker he had an affair with
My [23M] girlfriend [22F] wants to stay friends with a guy who crushed her [22M] when they were teens
Am I (35 M) being too hard on my Dad (62)?
My (22F) parents (56F &57M) disapprove of anything I do to pass the time in lockdown.
My boyfriend won’t move in with me or get a job after 3 years. What should I do?
My [20] boyfriend [21] won’t consider moving out with me after 3 years. Should I break up with him?
My(F21) babydaddy(M28) expects of me to buy him a gun for his birthday (next week) even though he knows im not that fond of guns, why would I buy one for him when I dont think id buy one for myself?
In a relationship, if one partner pays for the vast majority of bills and expenses, they should NOT be expected to do equal housework
My best friend (25M) told me he likes me (24F) while he’s in a relationship with another woman
Upstairs Neighbors being passive aggressive about OUR lawn.
I need help getting my abusive husband out of my house..
Am I being too hard on my Dad?
Upstairs Neighbors (approx 35 M) (approx 35 F) and passive aggressive lawn problems.
New relationship with some uncomfortable introductions.
My [26m] wife [24] won't teach our children her native tongue, and it's SUPER frustrating.
My (23F) boyfriend (22M) watched porn and looks at reddit porn while I’m sleeping
Am I [38/F] overreacting to my husband [37/M] continuing to touch me sexually (but furtively) when our child is in the room?
[Discussion] Is it unreasonable that I don’t want my boyfriends dog sleeping with me?
NSFW Boyfriend (22 M) watches porn and looks at Reddit porn while I’m (23F) sleeping
My best friend (25M) told me he likes me (24F) while he’s in a relationship with another woman
Anyone in the boat where none of your exes reached out or checked in? How do you feel?
[ Relationships ] Is it unreasonable that I don’t want my boyfriends dog sleeping with me?
My [31M] sister [33F] comes by with my nieces every day for a small visit. Fiancée [28F] feels suffocated. What can I do?
The girl (24F) I (21M) am in a relationship with confided to me about her traumatic past, I need guidance
i wanted so much attention from him finally fall out of love but i still love him ?! İ need an advice
What do you do when a person makes you feel like the most attractive thing to them, and then one day suddenly just change their mind and leave you astray?
AITA for getting upset because I (F 21) wanted my bf (M 24) to stop “forgetting” about me? Did I overreact because I’m fed up?
So my dad just died and now I (f26)have to care for my mentally ill mother (f56) but I don’t want to
What’s it like to have a partner for long years?
17M - attachment issues?
How do I love my girlfriend with all my heart?
My (24f) boyfriend (25m) almost never listens to music. Is that strange?
Elderly care
AITA for getting upset because my boyfriend (M 24) “forgets” about me?
Elderly care
My[18M] boyfriend[23M] took something I said completely out of context and has since been punishing me with silent treatment?
A prayer
I (24M) just discovered that my girlfriend (24F) of 10 years has been having an online affair for a year. Input on how I'm feeling?
I don't want to be a groomsman in my friend's wedding; and is he even a friend anymore?
I don't want to be a groomsman in my friend's wedding; is he even a friend anymore?
I (24M) just discovered that my girlfriend (24F) of 10 years has been having an online affair for a year. Input on how I'm feeling?
My [28 M] New Neighbour Comes Over Every Day and Keeps Buying/Making Me [24 F] Things Despite My Refusal
Am I (23m) wrong for thinking this girl (21F) lead me on all this time?
What’s it like to have a partner for long years?
My roommate (M24) is driving me (f25) nuts and is mad at me for calling him out
I (27M) love my wife (28F) more than anything. She is incredibly sexy to me in every way. But she is overweight and it concerns me for the sake of her health.
My boyfriend and I have a disagreement
I don't know if I'm being too sensitive about this, but it also hurts.
My (23M) partner (22F) and I recently married last November. Just found out that she never finished high school.
I think I might be too sensitive about this, but it also hurts me a lot.
How do I [27 F] stop judging my friend [29 F] for her actions
SO's (30s M/F) breathing keeps me up all night ...
Am I (22m) a dick for not wanting my mom (50s f) to constantly tell me about the heavy shit she deals with at work all the time when I'm struggling?
I don't know what to do about my boyfriend...
My (23M) partner (22F) and I recently married. Just found out that she never finished high school.
Texting behaviors
Am I (22m) a dick for not wanting my mom (50s f) to constantly tell me about the heavy shit she deals with at work all the time when I'm struggling?
I (20F) cut off my friend (24M) during an extreme depressive episode
How to help my twin(16)
Are these red flags in my new relationship dealbreakers?
I (22F) finally let him (34M) go, now I feel lost...
I (28f) am have sudden trust issues in my current relationship because of my past relationships.
Advice Please! Husband torn about going on trip with friends.
I (28F) am starting to have serious trust issues suddenly and it's messing with my relationship.
ADVICE PLEASE! Husband torn about a trip with friends
I [26 M] is going to try to make amends with my dad [60 M] in the presence of a mediator next week. Any advice for preparations?
Cut off my friend during a depressive episode
I [26 M] am going to try and make up with my dad [60 M] next week in front of a mediator
How to fix relationship with sister who doesnt like me? 23f/25F
How to deal with my (23F) anxious attachment
My (M38) wife (F34) says she’s not happy anymore and wants to leave me.
Almost positive my (25m) gf (21f) is lying
Can I (21m) save my relationship with her (21f) during quarantine?
I’ve (18M) been in love with a girl (18F) for the past year. Out of it, we only dated for 2 months. She’s changed.
What are ways to know if someone is active on a dating app?
What are ways to know if someone is active on a dating app?
My (17M) Girlfriend (18F) getting big, need help to encourage her to lose weight.
When should I(21M) approach a friend (21M) about dating an ex(21F)
My (29) Girlfriend seems to think I (27) don't do anything around the house. (Especially the dishes).
[LONG STORY] I [21m] still think about her [20f] every single day.
Is it bad that my GF is a natural born entrepreneur and I am opposite but now trying to better myself?
When should I(21M) approach a friend(21M) about dating is ex(21F)
I [26F] have a 'broken' relationship with my father [57M] and I feel detached to my family in general. I don't know how to feel about this
I've (f23) been fat, bulimic, skinny and unhealthy at different parts of my life. How do I beat my bad relationship with food?
It’s been a year and I still can’t move past her.
Is it bad my partner is a natural born entrepreneur and I am opposite so I’m trying to force to better myself?
My boyfriend (25m) eats three dinners and multiple desserts every day and is experiencing health issues. How do I say something?
Did I do the right thing?
Not sure how to deal with my (30F) girlfriends (33F) drinking habits
What can I [25M] do to find a cute, tiny Chinese girlfriend [20s] in the fall / winter?
Would you guy date a lady taller than you? And what about lady, would you date a guy shorter than you?
My [27M] Girlfriend [30F] is impacted by my desire to move. I'm contemplating breaking up.
Just found out that the guy [27/m] has a wife and 2 kids! What is wrong with my man radar?!
I (29F) am in love with my best friend (32F) and I don't even know if she's into women
I [29f]feel ashamed eating infront of my boyfriend [27m]since I said I was going on a diet
I (36/f/divorced) feel little interest in dating and sex. Could it be that I am healthy, pragmatic and normal instead of that being something wrong with me?
I feel ashamed eating infront of my boyfriend since I said I was going on a diet.
Me [45M] with a [37F] Facebook crush. I have a crush on a someone on FB, and I'm wondering if I should delete our friendship.
Just found out the guy I had been speaking to [27/m] has a wife and 2 kids!
Hey Reddit, am I wrong for ghosting my family twice?
Am I being insecure/controlling?
(25M) to (23F): Codependency is confusing me
Am I insecure/controlling?
I (21F) don't like my best friend anymore (21M)
I (21F) don't like my best friend anymore (21M)
[25M] to [23F]: Codependency is confusing me
Should I message her?
New to onlyfans. Advice?
Should I message her?
When you (26/F) want to fit in and they (26/F)think you’re trying to steal their friend (27/F)
When you want to fit in but they think you’re trying to steal their friend
I(24M) don't know,what to do about her(23F).
I(24M) don't know, what to do about her(23F)
Struggling to end a friendship (28f)
Me (18F) And my boyfriend (19M) from peak performance love he is falling out of love and it's slow torture to not know if it's not meant to be or if its possible to go back to the way things were
I think I got my neighbor into a domestic violence situation.
Struggling to end a friendship (28F)
I’m (F23) not sure if I should contact a guy (M22)
Ex texted after a month of our Breakup
I’m (F23) not sure if I should contact a guy (M22)
Jealous and Left Out
My [25F] boyfriend [21M] proposed to me and wants to get married, but I don’t think I deserve him.
Would you guy date a lady taller than you? And what about lady, would you date a guy shorter than you?
I [21M] miss my [19F]ex because shes with someone new
I(24M) don't know, what to do regarding her(24F)
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text=Paste your submission here. Be sure to explain in detail with line breaks. --- **tl;dr**: Mandatory summary/question!
Would you guy date a lady taller than you? And what about lady, would you date a guy shorter than you?
Long distance relationship ultimatum- help
Would you guy date a lady taller than you? And what about lady, would you date a guy shorter than you?
Would you guy date a lady taller than you? And what about lady, would you date a guy shorter than you?
Was my ex (18M) manipulating me (18F)?
I miss my ex because shes with someone new
Me (18F) And my boyfriend (19M) from peak performance love he is falling out of love and it's slow torture to not know if it's not meant to be or if its possible to have the same amount of feelings for each other.
Need advice about how to move on in my relationship, ever since we both feel something is missing. We still like each other a lot, and are afraid to hurt each others feelings, since we both don't know how to fix things. He suggested breaking up, so at least keep the friendship we were having before
Was my ex (18) manipulating me(18)?
My mother (44F) posts photos of me (16f) on social media that I explicitly ask her not to on social media and I'm sick of it. What should I do?
25M concerned that his relationship is fizzling out and doomed with 25F
Would you guy date a lady taller than you? And what about lady, would you date a guy shorter than you?
Help stuck with ultimatum in long distance relationship
(15 m) and i really miss then father son relationship i had with my dad, Even if it was simple.
My [20F] family regularly insults my intelligence
I’m too emotional?
Please tell me I’m right or wrong
Different culture or what?
My ex [22M] and I [23F] started talking again. He wants to get back together, but I don’t know if I’m ready for a relationship, despite the fact that I do love him.
My (25M) girlfriend(23F) regularly drifts off during conversations with me
My (25M) girlfriend (23F) regularly drifts off during conversations with me
I’m [40/m] in love with my now twice ex-girlfriend [39F] but she doesn’t feel “passion.”
I (F 22) broke up with my ex (M 22), and now I feel like I ruined his life.
I (22F) broke up with my ex (22M), and now I feel guilty.
Is being with the person you love more important than your career?
Friend of mine (m 29) and I (m 34) wanted to meet up. I canceled because he told me 5min beforehand that he’d need another hour.
I [20F] want to ‘get at’ my neighbor [18M] after he got himself in shape. Would I seem shallow to only pursue him now?
I (22F) broke up with a year ago, but my ex (22 M) still tries to get back.
Im begging you, i need your help my relationship is dying...(18M)
I canceled our meet up (with a friend) because he told me 5 minutes before we were supposed to meet that he’d need another hour to get here.
Bothered by my Girlfriends past and ex
Porn in relationships. Negative side
curious, what’s your story in leaving a happy relationship so you could experience life to avoid future regret, was it worth giving up the person you love?
My [28m] girlfriend [26F] of 6 months often doesn't let me know what she's doing, is this impolite?
I fantasize about other people, is that normal?
How can I get over my boyfriend's past?
I fantasize about other people, is that normal?
Should I Tell My FWB of 2 Years I Have Feelings For Him?
I’m super depressed now because my old gf forgot about our relationship
I (23 F) love my boyfriend (28 M) to bits, but I'm afraid our sex life will never improve.
Feeling ignored
I(22M) am better or worse now?
I'm(21M) afraid of commitment
(42M) Happened upon my wife’s (40F) secret credit card statement. Lots of hotel charges. Not sure how to not assume the worst.
Did I (22M) lose something or i am better now?
I’m super depressed now because my old gf forgot about me
I'm(21M) afraid of commitment
Friendship can be awkward when you are a bad friend
Concerned I [30F] will have a lot less time after moving to my long distance boyfriend’s city [29M]
Did i lose my courage?
Random TikTok made my GF (25) pissy at me (24) but not sure what to think
When the Happiness is Gone
My ex is was cheating again. Should I do anything?
Cant stop thinking of my ex
How long does it take to become an eggplant?
Me [21 F] and my dad. I’ve been his therapist my entire life- and only just realized this is very wrong.
Finding out an ex is cheating on his girlfriend.
How long does it take to become an eggplant?
How long does it take to be a dick?
My boyfriend hasn’t spoken to me in a month
25F. Can’t be in a relationship or be intimate with men.
I cant stop missing my ex
How do I break up with a friend b/c of too many red flags?
Wife cheated one night stand. Seems regretful and I want to forgive, but still seeking advice
i (27M) caught my little brother (17M) spying on my wife and i.
My [18F] ex boyfriend [18M] has been treating me as less than a friend and trying to manipulate me into sex for the past few years
Me [25 F] with my bf [25 M] of 4 years, are having romance issues
Online dating sites
my cousin who is also my best friend miscarried, how can I be there for her?
Bf calls my daughters names
Bf calls my kids names
(21 M and F) My boyfriend and I never do any activities together alone, and I'm sad about it.
I fucked up horribly, and I don't know if I'll ever recover.
Found boyfriends(30M) Nudes
I’m (27F) still struggling with trust issues after what my boyfriend (29M) did
Drunk boyfriend
Not sure how to deal with my girlfriend
Drunk boyfriend
Anyone else here an extreme late bloomer/failure to launch when it comes to dating/relationships? What are the potential pitfalls of delaying the start of one's love life for too long?
I'm [25F] not sure how, or even if, to let my bf [25M] go
My GF (22F) is far more experienced than I (21F) am and it's making me self conscious in the bedroom
I'm feeling self conscious about my (21F) lack of experience in comparison to my GF (22F)
I [33M] feel like a caged animal who wants to run away from everyone and be a degenerate for the rest of my life and I don't know how to tell my family [F 65 / F 37] or my girlfriend [F28] I really feel.
cousin who is also my best friend is grieving her miscarriage, what can I do to help?
Feeling self conscious at my (21F) lack of experience
My Stepdad like to get the last word and now there is a rift in the family. Again.
Me [19 M] with my girlfriend [19 F] of 1 year and 4 months, going on a break for the first time
I [25F] don't know when (of if) to let my [25M] boyfriend go.
Not sure how to deal with my girlfriend
my boyfriend keeps bringing up my past
Bad texter or just not interested?
I’m (27F) still struggling with trust issues after what my boyfriend (29M) did
I [25F] don't know when (and if) it's time to let my BF [25m] go.
i can’t get over my boyfriends dishonesty
Am I (20M) overthinking a friendship and apology from my friend (22M)?
Awkward, but I think I [24M] may have ruined my closest platonic relationship with a friend [24F] if she noticed I was erect in a group photo.
My (29M) friend (29M) trash talks so much that i'm considering blocking him
My gf is being mean
My bf (28M) is mean to me (25f) when drunk
Quarantine is making me overthink and it’s making me “doubt” my GF’s statements :/
Quarantine is making me overthink and it’s making me “doubt” my GF’s statements :/
Still in love with my ex-gf
Still in love with my ex-gf
I (25F) bought my finace (26M) a Switch for his birthday and it was the best thing I have ever done for anyone I've ever been in a relationship with. It made my heart so happy!
Can I fix my relationship?
Warring sisters have issued me an ultimatum that would lose me one of them. Please advise.
AITA for jeopardising my ex’s job by attempting suicide
Do you think it’s fair for a mom (56F) to not let her daughter (23F) have her boyfriend come over AT ALL?
My husband (33m) lacks emotional intelligence. I’m (31f) pregnant at 7 months.
Can I fix my relationship?
My husband (33M) lacks emotional intelligence. Me (31F) pregnant at 7 months.
AITA for jeopardising my exe’s job by attempting suicide.
Struggling to find the words to say to end a relationship I truly adore
My [32] boyfriend [36] treats me very poorly but acts like he is the victim
My (F24) girlfriend (F22) of 3 years is talking about moving away and leaving me behind?
My (22f) friend (22f) and I are supposed to move acoss states together in a few weeks, but her abusive relationship and erratic behavior are making me have second thoughts.
My (17M) Adopted Mother's biological son (16M) has grown to hate me.
Do I need to lower my expectations?
I don’t know where to turn to but my family recently fell a part for good and I don’t know what to do? Very sad and would like advice :/
Has anyone’s relationship gone dull during quarantine ?
Feel inadequate to my peers
I don’t know where to turn to but my family recently fell a part for good and I don’t know what to do? Very sad and would like advice :/
Has anyone’s relationship gone abit dull since quarantine started ?
Is it incompatibility or am I being a selfish bish? Please help
HELP
Ex (20M) contacted me out of the blue asking me if I (19F) wanted to hang... can’t tell if he has dipped out on plans?
Relationship problem
Me[27M] and my GF[24F] of 6 years just broke up but we still love each other
Me [27M] and my GF [24F] of 6 years broke up but we still love each other
issues w/ mom’s bf
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) says that he feels like he's losing interest
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) told me that he feels like he's losing interest in me
Having fun
I [24F] caught feeling for my cousin/roommate [24M] best friend [24M] not sure if it's worth the risk.
Having fun
My (22) SO (26) would rather stay in our country than migrate with me.
Is there a chance that he [22M] might still have interest in me [21F]?
Wife cheated one night stand. Seems regretful and I want to forgive, but still seeking advice
How do I show support if I feel like nothing helps?
(22F) Girlfriend was caught texting her Ex behind my (24M) back. (5 month relationship)
I’m emotional. How can I (20M) stop being emotional.
My family and boyfriend's family have negative history that I only just found out about (a real life Montague-Capulet situation).
boyfriend thinks I cheated and I can’t change his mind
My (22) best friend (24) stole over $100 from me
Should I go for it?
How do I show support for someone I can't help as much as I would like?
My (22) best friend (24) stole over $100 from me and continues to lie to me and her MIL.
Lofi playlist (mostly about love)
Together 17yrs but have a crush
I finally feel like I fixed my relationship with this girl but then this happened
How soon into a relationship should you set boundaries/talk about communication needs?
I [16M] refused to be a guy's [16M] partner because of his thick accent, and now people are coming at me. What do I do?
How to deal with my (23F) anxious attachment
Talking to bf about family and friends, how to not come across as a drama starter?
Am single
I have too much on my plate
How to tell my girlfriend(20F) I need space from her?
Cut off a friend during a major depressive episode
How to tell my partner (20F) I need space from her?
Mother (66F) manipulated me (35F) into having an abortion
How do i (31f) get over being angry at my husband (32m) for going to the dentist
Am I (23) being greedy by feeling entitled to more of my parents' money?
How to form relationship with transgender sibling? Even though it was pretty bad before hand.
My (M26) GF (F26) gets irrationally angry and which causes me stress
How to form a relationship with transgender sibling? Even though realtionship was pretty shitty before
Am I (23) being greedy by feeling entitled to my parents' money?
I (24F) sometimes trigger my boyfriend (25M) and I don't know if it's healthy
I ( 23 f) want to commit suicide Bc my ex ( 24 m) cheated on me and I’m traumatized
my boyfriend hates that i don’t have a link to his profile in my instagram bio?
my boyfriend hates that i don’t have a link to his profile in my instagram bio?
Is my coworker (27M) being nice or flirting with me (23F)?
How long is too long to wait to tell people?
How long is too long to wait to tell people?
People who only realized what they had when they lost it... what happened?
Boyfriend [26M] of almost 1 year questions everything I [24F] say or do. He’s a total pedant and I’m at my wit’s end. How can I make him understand that his judgment is unwelcome?
My girlfriends prison
How Can I Connect with my Homophobic Mom?
Is he losing interest (22M)?
Trying to Love Homophobic Mom
Advice?
What should I (28F) do if mom (59F) is cheating and gaslighting
My(20f)boyfriend(21m) and I are having a lot of issues since moving in together and its destroying us.
Was this worth calling out?
How to create a comfortable distance with this friend?
Boyfriend(21m) and I(20f) unhappy since moving in together
My (21F) boyfriend (26M) is mad at me because I'm not sleeping over for the entire long weekend
My boyfriend [M 26] and I [F 25] have been in a relationship of 9 months. I feel as though I care more for him than he does for me. I have a difficulty with confrontation, how can I work through this situation?
How to have a sex life when living with my (29M) wife's (30F) little sister? (16F)
My boyfriend (24m) plays too much games
Wife (29) wants to sleep with other women
Is it wrong to eradicate any memories of your ex ?
Help. Bf doesn't try to make me climax after he has already climaxed. It's like he loses all interest in me after he orgasms & won't bring me to orgasm.
My (21F) boyfriend (26M) is mad that I can't sleepover for the entire weekend
Am I (22F) being immature with my ex (24M)?
My [22/F] boyfriend [24/M] can't handle his alcohol. I don’t know how to deal with his binges.
Wife wants to sleep with women
My boyfriend [M 26] of 9 months, doesn't come to see me or seem to want to care for me when I'm sick. Yet when he's sick I [F 25] worry, want to be there for him, make him tea and food and actually care. Is there anything that can help this?
Me [25 F] with my [27 M] 10+years, has a drinking problem.
My girlfriend [19F] broke up with me [19M] after 7 months, but we're living together next year
Advice... How can I forgive my..52 year old husband's cyber cheating in a new marriage of 1 year, 11 months and 1 week. Total together 7 years
My boyfriend [M 26] of 9 months, doesn't come to see me or seem to want to care for me when I'm sick. Yet when he's sick I [F 25] worry, want to be there for him, make him tea and food and actually care. Is there anything that can help this?
Any ideas for quarantine dates? :)
My boyfriend plays too much games
How to Get a Man to Like You (Be the Praise of the Poets)
My [22/F] boyfriend [24/M] can't handle alcohol. I don’t know how to deal with this.
How to Get a Man to Like You (Be the Praise of the Poets)
How can I (25F) learn to tolerate my boyfriend’s (25M) family?
Am I wrong for saying my girlfriend is not loyal?
My boyfriend doesn't come to see me when I'm sick. Yet when he's sick I do things for him and actually care. Is there anything that can help this?
Partner creates account for thresomes without consulting me.
My sister (21) is accusing my dad of sexual abuse
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) of 5 months broke up and find it unfair considering how much I've done for her. What I should do?
My [29F] ex [33M] re-emerges on social media and instantly blocks me despite no contact in two years.
My boyfriend’s family likes me… but are driving me insane.
My [21F] boyfriend [23M] has been secretive, found out he told his friend a lot of personal things...
Covid-19 jail time
Am I wrong for telling my girlfriend she’s not loyal?
What should I do when I'm in a relationship with one girl and can't stop thinking about another?
Snap Out of It
Ex re-emerges on social media and immediately blocks me after no contact in two years.
Help me please
What should I do when I'm in a relationship with one girl and can't stop thinking about another?
Threesome issues
St jude
Me [30 F] with my [31 M] (10+ year) - has a drinking problem.
Disloyalty from both friend and lover.
(27f) struggling with close friend (30f) who is overly competitive with women
I [29F] started hooking up with an ex [30M] who is now acting like a boyfriend and it’s getting messy.
I (34f) am wondering how bad this really is with him (35m) or if I'm blowing it out of proportion and a lot of people do this.
(27f) Struggling with a close friend (30f) who is very competitive around women
Gf left me
Gf left me
Ex may have cheated on me, and i dont know how to feel.
Bitchass girlfriend and bitchass friend
UPDATE: Boyfriend (26m) slaps me (19f)
Any advice ?
My parents are constantly pestering me about getting my work done after I had one slip up.
UPDATE: Boyfriend (26m) slaps me (19f)
Edit I would’ve done on my post but mods randomly deleted it
I might have just screwed it up with my crush (21f) that I've (21m) been seeing for the past 2 months
My extremely abusive and mentally ill grandmother passed away today at the age of 95. How do I comfort my mother, who endured years of physical and mental abuse from her mom?
Should I continue to pursue rekindling friendship with my middle/high school friends who think I’m trash and how?
My (29M) soon to be ex-husband seems to feel entitled to another chance with me (28F).
My (21m) Gilfriend (22f) had a miscarriage 5 months ago with our child and didnt tell me until last night. I dont know any other way to help her emotionally besides being there for her and comforting her.
My parents keep pestering me about getting my work done after I made one mistake.
I'm (23M) close to moving to my GF's house and I'm just lost and scared
Does anyone else get....kinda uncomfortable bringing your bf/gf/fiancé/SO around their parents?
Do you have any advice ? (UPDATE)
I (m22) fucked up with my ex(f22)
Fucked in the head?
I'm with the love of my life
My ( 28F) sister (33F) I’m pretty positive is being forced into egg donation by her husband (38 M) due to her having issues with hers and I need to rant/know best way to be there for her.
I (22M) started following my crush (22F) from elementary school 11 years ago. She started following me back recently. Should I message her or let the past go?
dont want relationship with 18 year old daughter via text
I might have just screwed it up with my crush that I've (21m) been seeing for about 2 months (21f)
I'm [23M] having doubts about whether she [21F] likes me even though she told me gives me signs that she does and said I was attractive. Please help. I'm getting in my head and just really confused + quarantine is making things difficult
AITA FOR NOT BEING OKAY WITH MY BF POSTING PICTURES IF EVERY FEMALE BUT ME?
Moving in with an SO for the first time! Any helpful tips?
My ( 28F) sister (33F) I’m pretty positive is being forced into egg donation by her husband (38 M) due to her having issues with hers and I need to rant/know best way to be there for her.
My (22, F) friend (22, F) might be mad at me because I didn't want to hang out with who my ex (23, M) tried to cheat on me with
I recently (22M) started following my old crush (22F) from elementary school 11 years ago, and she started following me back. Should I reach out to her after all these years or let it go?
Confusing relationship with ex bf ; unsure of what to do
Moving in with an SO for the first time; any helpful tips?
Porn-Free Quarantine 2020
Girlfriend (f23) is hesitant to see me (m25) during this quarentine, despite having little to no contact with the rest of the world.
I (F 20) don't know if I should rekindle the friendship I had with my best friend ( M 21)
I (25M) am so used to affection in my relationships and this new girl I've been dating (26F) is not as affectionate , how do I deal with this?
This hurt a lot
Right guy, wrong time?
I (F 20) don't know if I should rekindle a friendship with my best friend (M 21) (kinda long)
Do you have any advice ? (UPDATE)
anxiety regarding cheating parents
Husband (35M) lying about friendship with female friend (former coworker)
Is it worth trying? Help first relationship
anxiety regarding cheating parents
Do you have any advice ? (UPDATE)
35 year old women having multiple orgasms
Behavioral problems with my (M 23) sister (F 17) after she was temporarily kicked out of the house?
Girlfriend still talks to a past hookup but made me block almost all my female friends
Mistakes my dad made years ago didn't affect me until now.
My (24m) ex (25f) still has my mom added on facebook
Insecure of other girls
Cursed by my ex
My ex still has my mom on facebook
Need opinion on what you would do in my situation
Working on it is better then leaving.
How do I (25F) get over something my boyfriend(31M) did in his past, that’s still relevant in our relationship today
How do you not look too far into the future of a relationship? (18M, 18F)
What topics or suggestions that can lead to something ?
Strange life
Women who multiple orgasm
What topics or suggestions that can lead to something ?
I (18f) am too much focused on the past because of my two manipulative ex-boyfriends and I need help
My wife is obsessed with Brandy Melville and has changed after weight loss
He’s perfect for me, but I’m scared I’m going to miss something
My inability to handle pet ownership is destroying my mental state and our marriage (30M/30F).
My Ex, the Emotional Terrorist
Updating my situation. I 26/F have been living with my boyfriend 30/M and parents until they told him to leave because of him snapping at me.
The Ex is Back with Vengeance
If you dont live with your boyfriend, do you randomly call him when you want to talk or do you ask him if he is busy/wyd first?
Relationships.
My Ex-female "friend". The Emotional terrorist.
I have bad anger issues and it affects my GF
Question for women, what is the best option in 1st date to create a healthy relationship?
Are these messages between two married people inappropriate or just innocent flirting?
My boyfriend is uncomfortable with my body count so I might give him a temporary free pass.
I (31F) am uncertain whether I should stay with my SO (30M) after having gone through so much.
To women who have been in some form cheated on and stayed (even for a little bit) - what made it worth staying?
Men of Reddit. You dumped her. Do you miss your ex? Are we so forgettable?
My girlfriend (20) and I (23) broke up after 2 years but she left me with a ton of questions?
Is this a legit apology?
Anyone else?
I'm (29f) married and can't get over my feelings for a coworker (33m)
Anyone else?
My girlfriend (20) and I (23) just broke up, but she left me with questions.
I need help asking the girl who I like out
Girlfriend and I of 2 years broke up, but I’m left with questions.
My [35 M] partner [29 F] is upset with me because of how a family member slighted her, now she's ignoring me.
I need help asking the girl I like out
I'm [20M] stuck in a whirlwind of confusion about what she [19F] wants
What should I (F21) do?
What should I (F21) do?
What is considered toxic?
My (20m) girlfriend (20f) got into a large argument. She turns to male roommate.
What should I (F21) do?
Is this a legit apology?
I'm (29f) married and can't get over my feelings for a coworker (33m)
28th birthday was this week- lost virginity age 27 with no adult relationship experience. What advice do you have for me?
My (M31) long term FWB (F29) says I'm too important to be her boyfriend
How to overcome anger and resentment towards parents?
I feel like my boyfriend (22 M) and I (22 F) have anger problems.
My (m31) friend (f29) doesn't want to become a couple despite us doing everything a couple would do
Male(29) Female( 28) Good relationship due to overlooking things?
Should I(24F) forgive my fiancé(30M) for sexting?
I [30M] resent my mother [57F] for changing her ways too late
(M&F 29) Good relationship due to me overlooking things?
(M&F 29) Good relationship due to me over looking things?
Did I (23F) overreact to my ex (24M)? Will he want retaliation?
My fiancé(19M) is mad about me(19F) wanting you order personal pizzas instead of sharing one large one?
Why can’t I overlook my girlfriend being overweight?
said something rude months ago, seems to late to apologize
Husband gets in bad moods SO easily- the latest one being today
My(19f) brothers (17m) constantly say insensitive, sexist and racist thins including the r word and it makes me very uncomfortable and I don’t know how to handle it?
said something rude months ago, seems to late to apologize
Should i tell my friend(f19) that her dad is cheating on her mom?
Me [43M], and my husband [41M] makes me not love him anymore.
My(19f) brothers(17m) constantly say offensive things including the n word and it makes me so uncomfortable to be around but they don’t listen to me?
said something rude months ago, seems to late to apologize
I (16M) fell in love with my classmate (16F)
Would you forgive sexting?
My roommate won’t pay for her half of things we share. [F19]
Should i tell my friend(f19) that her dad is cheating on her mom?
I (M16) am in Love with my classmate (F16)
My roommate won’t pay her half of things we share. [F19]
Should I tell my friend her dad is cheating on her mom?
Why can’t I force myself to overlook my girlfriend being overweight
I (19f) can’t get another guy out of my head, and I feel bad for my boyfriend (19m)
Would you forgive sexting?
How are you dealing with isolation/loneliness due to COVID?
How can I love myself again?
Since most women aren’t into nice guys until their 30s, and I’m unwilling to disrespect women, should I go for women in their 30s? Or should I wait until I’m 30 or so to try dating women my own age? (Quarter/third of life crisis!)
Are online friendships pointless? (M,25)
My(22M) gf(18F) used to be promiscuous , is he using me as emotional support?
Are online friendships pointless?
Since most women aren’t into nice guys until their 30s, and I’m unwilling to disrespect women, should I go for women in their 30s? Or should I wait until I’m 30 or so to try dating women my own age?
Can’t get someone out of my head
I don’t know how to move on from someone I love and talk with 24/7. I feel like I need the final push.
My (31) relationship with my husband (37) suffering over his family's views and mine regarding COVID-19 and a birthday party for son (2)
My girlfriend (F, 25) gave me (M, 25) a pass to have sex with another girl. It didn't go well.
How should I (20F) deal with my older sister (26F) and her toxic behaviour?
Possibly leaving the only family I have left
My best-guy friend (25M) hid his girlfriend from me (25F). I feel betrayed and I need help moving on.
Possibly leaving the only family I have left
How should I (22F) handle this situation with some girls (22F, 19F) I was talking to before lockdown?
Communicating with someone who is poor at communication. Help! How can I get through?
How do you develop effective communication with someone that’s a poor communicator? -29F in relationship for 1.5 yrs with 28M - live together.
I (23f) don't feel like my boyfriend (24m) appreciate the work I do around the house. How do I bring this up without him getting mad at me?
Communicating with a poor communicator
Men and marriage
My boyfriend watched porn while having phone sex with me.
I (23F) don't feel appreciated by my boyfriend (24m) and it's really frustrating me. How do I bring it up to him?
Not sure how to deal with this quarantine-induced break with a girl
is it normal for my (F21) boyfriend (M20) to follow so many girls on twitter?
My (30f) fiancé’s (34m) confession destroyed my confidence and feeling of security and I don’t know how to move forward
My (19F) friends (18/19F) have other friends and boyfriends and I feel lonely(?) that I don't
Boyfriend (20M) of three years broke up with me (20F) over a small argument and I don't know what to do.
Let’s hear some stories...
I'm (19F) the only single one left of my friends (18-19F) and I feel weird about it
My [18M] mom wants me to lend her my money in my savings that I have been put away for a car so she could buy a house.
How can I (24/F) help my boyfriend (25/M) with inappropriate sexual behavior?
Suicidal after possible Narc relationship
I (m27) have been lying to my SO (f24)
Bf(21) asks me(20) for help but then lectures me about how I'm wrong
My boyfriend watched porn while on facetime with me.
Boyfriend (20M) of three years broke up with me (20M) over something small and I'm struggling to cope.
I’m [30M] still torn she [27F] left me
Me [23 F] with my BF [22 M] doesn't want to see him after lockdown
Bf (21) asks me (20) for help only to tell me Im wrong all the time.
F(25) My boyfriend M(27) thinks it’s okay to meet up with an ex.
I (23F) don't feel like my boyfriend (25M) cares about my feelings at all anymore.
My partner (28M) and I (23F) are deeply in love but regularly have explosive, horribly emotion fights - I am worried that one or both of us is abusive
my (F21) boyfriend (M20) follows so many girls on twitter. what should i feel about this?
I (23F) don't feel like my bf (25M) cares about my feelings at all anymore.
My (21F) bf (28M) might still be on Tinder
My (22F) friend (19F) isn’t a very good friend and I feel like our friendship is one sided.
i lied to my SO about my past
Is it ok to sleep with someone else when he takes days go get over an argument, by means of the silent treatment?
I (31/F) am struggling with envy of my partner's (38/m) work situation.
My (28F) SO (32M) made a troubling remark...
Have I lost a friend?
Inappropriate Messages?
is it normal for a guy to follow so many girls on twitter?
How do I deal with a helpless friend?
Not sure how to deal with this quarantine-induced break with a girl
I (M31) am very confused about my feelings for my girlfriend (F29)
How do I deal with a helpless friend?
My bestfriend brings her dad and boyfriend on girls holiday.
Military spouse support groups?
How do I deal with a helpless friend?
Best friends brings boyfriend and dad on holiday
Am I (20m) being irrational in the fact that it bothers me my friends are hanging out without me?
Avoidant type and never been in a relationship— Anyone else relate or was like this and changed? Advice?
Why would my [30/M] friend [28/F] inquire about my availability just to ghost me?
Angry Mom
Do I (44m) tell my girlfriend (42f) how much I love my bachelor life?
I 23(F) need advice on how to end things with a guy I've been seeing 28(M) for a little over a year.
Cheated on Girlfriend. Don’t know what to do
Am I crazy for getting extremely upset that my boyfriend, whom I've been dating long distance for almost 10 years, says he'd get mad if I ever showed up at his door without notice?
Do I (44m) tell my girlfriend (42f) how much I love my bachelor life
My sister (22f) and her bf (22) who live rent free in my home that I pay entirely for, got into a fight over chores with me f25 resulting in physical assault
I'M BACKING TO MY EX
Am I [20s] crazy for having put the pieces together in an abusive relationship?
Pondering over my polylove relationship with a 20F, her 30M bf and 19M me
New
Questioning about my polylove relationship with a 20F, 19M me and her 30M bf.
A year ago when I met my bf (28M) I (26F) told him I was a virgin and never dated before. I feel like I need to tell him but I don't know how?
This is the Most Important Decision I have Ever Made and I Need Help. . .
I (19F) am debating letting my father back into my life
Was She (18F) Asking Me (18M) for Sex?
Was She (18F) Asking Me (18M) for Sex?
(TW!!!) I (23F) was sexually assaulted by my bf’s (21M) friend (22M) but my bf counts it as cheating
Was she (18F) asking me (18M) for Sex?
Questioning myself about my relationship
I (19F) am starting to wonder if I should let my dad back into my life
Questioning the future with my GF
Unsure About Whether or Not I Should Continue a Friendship
Friends from outside your family are important
I want to leave but feel guilty for abandoning my husband who needs help
Unsure About Whether or Not Friendship Should Continue.
My boyfriend still had nudes of his exes. Yikes, how big of a red flag is this?
Developing Feelings for Someone I Hurt and Lied To
Considering breaking up with my (f/27) boyfriend (m/29) because he's a gamer?
I, a victim of abuse (25, F) had severe anxiety when my friend (26, F) sends me pictures in lingerie.
Developing Feelings for Someone I Hurt and Lied To
My boyfriend is particular about how I should wash raspberries. How do I resolve these silly disagreements?
To women who have been in some form cheated on and stayed (even for a little bit) - what made it worth staying?
Anxious OCD future MIL is emotionally abusive towards my GF (37F) and denies doing ANYTHING wrong ever
I [30/M] missed an opportunity with my long term crush [28/F]. How can I fix?
I am feeling completely weirded out by what this girl told me and probably don't wanna be with her, am I being an idiot?
Ace 22F dating non-ace 22M, need advice please!! Dating for 4 1/2 years.
How should I (21M) handle me and my brother (18M) liking the same girl (18F)?
Inappropriate Messages?
27M Moving cross country in a few months and girlfriend 27F and I need to decide where to take our relationship. Need advice!
Am I (23M) wrong for dating my ‘friend’s’ (23M) crush (24F)?
How can I convince my son [18M] not to buy any Apple products, even if it’s with his own money?
I need help supporting my boyfriend with his anger issues.
I(M22) feel like one of my best friends (F22) has abandoned me
I need help supporting my boyfriend with his anger issues.
Am I (23M) wrong for dating my ‘friend’s’ (23M) crush (24F)?
My friends [20F] like to tell me [23M] about guys who are interested in them. Is this normal?
I think my 34F resents me(38m)
My ex (26F) says I (29M) gave her an ultimatum because I said I can't see her anymore since I still have feelings for her
I(M21) am starting to give up on one of my closest friends(F22)
My friends [20F] talk to me [23M] about their dating life all of the time. Is this normal for girls?
My nephew is 22 and mooches off my brother. He's never even had a real job.
Is it normal for girls to talk about guys to her guy friends?
Resentment
I [17F] can’t trust my boyfriend [16M] and I’m scared of loosing him and ruining our relationship
Quarantine breakup
HELP, how do I (25/M) recover from telling my GF (25/F) that she's not the most attractive girl I have been with?
Is it true that men only like 20 year olds?
My (32F) husband (30M) of almost 7 years, has become too invested in the stock market and its affecting his mood.
am i [20F] too old to feel abandoned by a parent?
Moving in with fiancé and best friend
Why do I (29M) still miss my ex-friend even though she was toxic towards me?
Moving in with fiancé and best friend
My ex still interacts with my mom on facebook
My brother (M21) three me (F23) out of his room for accidentally snitching
After a fight
Is he (18M) immature or do I (18F) have impossible standards?
Is it necessary to give access to each other’s phones in a committed relationship?
Is it necessary to share each other’s phones in a committed relationship?
My boyfriend confessed that he doesn't like how I style my hair
My brother (M21) threw me (F23) out of his room for the first time in years; am I in the wrong?
After a fight
Is it necessary to share each other’s phones in a committed relationship?
How can I [23M] get out of being the emotional support for my friend [23F] who is having a lot of issues right now?
My Girlfriend (17 F) has been very passive aggressive towards me (17M) recently
I (20F) don't know how to handle my bf (22M) anymore
breakup sex after quarantine
Ace 22F dating a non-ace 22M. Want to make sure he is satisfied.
My boyfriend confessed that he doesn't like how I style my hair anymore
I (25M) think I'm being too anxious with a 26F I've been flirting with for a month now.
My [30F] husband [29M] is becoming a ‘sissy’
My white bf (m 28) mostly dates Asian women but I (f 26) am white. Is he just settling for me?
Is it stupid that I [20F] feel like I’m losing my husband [28M] to other women in porn?
UPDATE- Just found out my (37f) boyfriend (35m) has been frequently hanging out with his secret/mentally ill ex-wife (33F) behind my back the whole time we’ve been dating and lying about it. Where do I go from here?
Am I (21M) wrong to leave my girlfriend (21F) because of a big personality change after getting together?
Who understands
My [32F] husband [28M] is super thrifty with money, even though we really don't need to be
Is it stupid I feel like I’m losing my husband to other women in porn?
My [32F] husband [28M] is super thrifty with money, even though we really don't need to be
How can I (21M) as a supervisor ask out an employee (19F) who works in a completely different job/area without making her feel uncomfortable?
My bf (29M) gets frustrated when I (29F) ask too many questions
breakup sex after quarantine
How can I (21M) as a supervisor, ask out an employee (19F) who works in a completely different job/area without making her feel uncomfortable?
My aunts ex boyfriend who got out of jail recently has been texting me it’s odd to me [19F]
Bi teen looking for help
Different person after shaving his beard?
My (28M) BF gets frustrated when I (28F) ask too many questions
Once I [21M] become interested in someone, I find it hard to go with the flow without becoming anxious about messing up or her remaining interested. I also don't think I'm desperate, but I really want an intimate connection with another girl. How do I remain confident and positive?
I (32M) had a blow out with a close family friend (34M) Feeling guilty...
I’m (26f) seriously considering leaving my fiancé (28m) over his career choice. 3 years together.
I (20, M) wanna ask a girl (18, F) out but have no idea how to
21F interested in 17M
My girlfriend says she’s not as happy anymore
(Final Update) My friend hasn’t paid me and now I have to have an awkward conversation about it
How can I [22F] provide more meaningful feedback for my partner [26M] with his artwork?
I [17F] can’t trust my boyfriend [16F] and I’m afraid I’m loosing him and destroying the relationship
My girlfriend says she’s not as happy anymore
Ex says she has heard too many excuses but no change. What do I do
My girlfriend says she’s not as happy anymore
I (20, M) wanna ask a girl (18, F) out but I have no idea how to do it
Parent Unwilling to Meet Partner
Am I wrong to be salty about hubby napping?
Updating on the removed "Had a fight with my boyfriend over making instant noodles" post
I (26F) loose my appetite completely when I am in a fight with my bf.
Help me(22M) with complications in relationship/friendship with my girl (22F) best friend.
Everything is destroyed
UPDATE: Had a fight with my boyfriend over making instant noodles
My[28m] female friends [28f] [29f] [28f] are furious at us [28m] [29m] [28m] that we made them pay for their share on our yacht trip not the women [22f] [21f] [23f] [22f] [22f] we invited that we wanted to impress on our yacht trip to Florida
I (26F) loose my appetite completely when I am in a fight with my bf.
Crazy mom wants to move to be closer.
I [17F] can’t trust my bf [16M] and i’m scared I’m loosing him.
I loose my appetite completely when I am in a fight with my bf.
I (26F) am afraid I'm being overcritical of my BF (26M)
Friend (19f) is dating an older man (34m), when he is still in a relationship with someone else. Friends and I (20f) not sure how to proceed.
I (26F) am afraid I'm being overcritical of my BF (26M)
21F being hit on 17m
What a soulmate is... and isn't (my story)
Am I a bitch?
Long distance ???
Online messaging with someone
I like guys who like me?
My (15) brother (15m) feels guilty for telling me about his dad dying
My (22f) now ex (26m) broke up with me today. How do I move on?
Split with misses, met someone soon after thinking was a good thing but it’s her mate
How do I[31f] tell my brother [45m] that he's not welcomed to stay here because mom [71] and I both have underlying conditions without sounding like a jerk?
Gf cheats in lockdown(my email is last)
How do I[31f] tell my brother[45m] he's not welcomed to stay here because mom[71f] and I have underlying conditions without sounding like a jerk?
What a soulmate is... and isn't (my story)
What do u think my original email last and her reply at top.i been there for her for the past year when she was homeless and now found out shes cheated.shes on anti psychotic and I'm on nothing g and she calls me that.i work full time paid for her and she does this
My ex has cheated this is what she sent me with my email I first sent...what you think
Ego issues and my issues with my gf's sister.
My [28/F] friend [27/M] has had feeling for me for years despite being told no countless times. How can I help him move on?
My boyfriend [25M] cannot finish from sex and lies to me [25F] about masturbating and porn usgae.
Help Me Please
Condoms and Plan B HELP
What are some cute things to do with your SO during quarantine?
Are aggressive fights healthy?
Is it okay to just focus on myself (29M) after being rejected and losing all my friends?
Is she being a toxic friend?
Condoms and Plan B HELP
Red flags with me (f19) and boyfriend (m23) of two months
Found out That my (28 f) Abusive ex (31m) Read Through not one but all of my Journals While we were Together
I (20F) am feeling really lonely and sad because I have a bad comunication with my (24M) boyfriend during the week
My ex (26M) of almost 2 years is obsessed with me (24F) to the point that I’m unable to move on properly and live a normal life
My [28/M] ex [26/F] just told me that she's been flirting/sexting someone new.
My ex (26M) of almost 2 years is obsessed with me (24M) to the point that I’m unable to move on properly and live a normal life
Boyfriend (24) always stressed about what I (20) want to do during quarantine
My (17F) boyfriend (17M) doesnt want to communicate with me after lockdown
Looking for advice
Do healthy relationships exist? How do you attain one?
Healthy relationship or greener grass?
How to have better relationship with bf's (22M) younger siblings
Bf (M40) post a picture of me (F26), edited to make me look better, and I feel confused and hurt
My (22M) fiance (20M) is talking about breaking up after 2 months in quarantine with my family and I am at a loss.
Bf (M40) post a picture of me (F30), edided to make me look better, and I feel confused and hurt
What should i (f 18) do when my bf's (m 20) friends make a mean joke about him around me?
Is being a hermit bad
Can't say my boyfriend's name?
Is everyone this way??
Is everyone this way?
Can’t say my boyfriends name?
My [21M] friends [20-21M&F] and I have agreed that we don't want to continue being friends with someone [20M]. He's toxic and we don't find his sense of humor bearable anymore. He was also recently in the hospital due to depression, and last night I got a text from him trying to blame me. What now?
Being a hermit
Should I worry about my (22f) boyfriend (26m) following girls on instagram?
Red Flags with me (f19) and boyfriend of 2 months (m23)
Love Fest
I (16F) sent nudes to an ex...
Is it fair for my boyfriend to financially withhold help right now?
What should i (f 18) do when my bf's (m 21) friends make a "mean" joke about him around me?
I'm(20M) not sure if my crush(21F) (who also likes me back) is testing me or she's losing interest in me...
i (22f) am considering breaking up with bf (25m) of 1.5 yr.
Ending a 4 year relationship
I'm not sure if my crush(who also likes me back) is testing me or she's losing interest in me
New girl knows my ex girlfriend (18F) (20M)
Ghosted by him [M, 20s] but still liking my [F, 20s] social media posts?
If I have nowhere to go should I be able to go to my significant other?
My [15F] Dad is horrible to my Mum.
I (18) have snooped through my bfs (20) phone because he has been acting suspicious when I'm near it.
Is it possible to share similar core values with someone and still not get along?
I (27/f) have a clingy co-worker (26/f) that is convinced we are best friends
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) doesn't care for me anymore
is it worth it to have to keep a rs a secret
my (27f) sig other (28m) kicked me out of his house in a spite of rage during a deadly pandemic
How do I [f 35] cope that my ex ghosted me and now is in a relationship [m 35]
I (f/31) want to leave my husband (m/31) but he's suicidal now.
Thoughts on Daniel Sloss' view on relationships from Jigsaw?
Long distance??
Thoughts on Daniel Sloss' view from the show Jigsaw?
Boyfriend (30M) naps every single time after sex, eating, or exercising, and always naps on me (26F) - is this normal?
I (28F) have a boyfriend (33M) of two months and the sex is weird?
I (M21) ghosted her (F22) do I explain why I did?
LDR My(28) bf(29) is going through a lot, I can’t help him and it devastates me to see him broken, I can’t focus on anything and I cry a lot.
Read if you’re struggling with ex
is it worth it to date someone who wants to keep it a total secret?
Read this if you’re struggling with your ex breakup
My (F19) guy friend(20) is confusing me.
I (28F) have been with my boyfriend (33M) for two months and the sex is weird. Can I fix it?
If a HR girl tossed my CV does it mean I will not be hired?
I just don't get it!!!
How can I (F27) talk to my husband (M28) about his weird attitude towards emotions/hormones?
Using previous conflicts as ammunition in a later argument
“You give up on people too easily!”
Using previous conflict as ammunition in later situations
I just don't get it!!!
I (21M) feel that my GF (22F) is out of my league
help with this situation
Doubting relationship during quarantine
Relationship, father (52m), known him for 24 years.
What decision do I make?
How do I (16f) end a complicated friendship (16f) thats been draining to my mental health the last year? I wanted to give them a chance to change things and explain whats been bothering me, but i feel so drained about it i dont want to fix it anymore.
My boyfriend is obsessed with WoW and D&D
Father is destroying my confidence.
I want to end things with a guy (25) who's leading me (F22) on, but he hosts my website.
Father is destroying my confidence.
I (21M) feel that my GF (22F) is out of my league
AITA for not wanting to stop seeing a friend who I’ve come to realize has a shady past and shady friends?
How do I (23f) help my depressed boyfriend (23m) when he doesn’t want to talk to me about it?
How do I (23f) help my depressed boyfriend (23m) when he doesn’t want to talk to me about it?
I (23F) met a (23M) guy though a dating group and we instantly connected, but now it's confusing?
Update: things just keep getting worse
My boyfriend is obsessed with Wow and D&D
Just found out that my (28f) husband (33m) made out with another guy
I (23F) met this (23M) guy through a dating group and we connected instantly, but now I'm confused
Is he chasing Insta models out of his reach?
I feel uncomfortable talking to my friends about my dating life?
I broke up with my boyfriend and I feel like crap
Is he chasing insta models out of his reach?
I (28F) don't know what to do anymore
Supermodel likes me but I’m not as attracted in return ?
Supermodel likes me but I’m not as attracted in return ?
My sex addicted Boyfriend (28M) and I, high sex drive woman (22F) have a huge fight whenever he doesn't cum.
Supermodel likes me but I’m not as attracted in return ?
My (22M) gf(18F) used to be promiscuous is she manipulating me?
My boyfriend doesn’t love me?
My (21 M) gf (21 F) has double standards.
I’m breaking up with my girlfriend
I’m breaking up with my girlfriend
I’m breaking up with my girlfriend
Stuck at a crossroads?
I'm not sure if my girlfriends(18F) feelings are 100% true towards me(19M) and what should I do with her.
Breakup because my FAMILY has mental problems
My boyfriend doesn’t love me?
I (22F) have no idea what to do with my relationship situation ( 28M)
Stuck at a crossroads?
Confusion
My (17f) friend (17m) hates me and I don't know how to cope
Overdose, lying, and cheating
My girlfriend (34f) is a nurse and her giving physicals bothers me.. What can I do to get over it?
I'm confused I thought he liked me?
Guy giving mixed signals, would appreciate answers from another guy please.
Advice: he’s “not ready to put a title on the relationship”
What should I do
Does anyone had a phase when they felt bad seeing other couples in public?
What should I do?
My (F25) husband (F26) is looking at escorts and prostitutes online and I'm unhappy because of previous history.
Guy giving mixed signals, would appreciate answers from another guy please.
my parents do not want me to have a boyfriend at my age.
I'm (23F) still in love with him (19M) and regretting everything
I feel like my parents hate my past 2 years of life choices
Is the friendship done [19/m] and [19/m]?
My girlfriend saw my notification from my POF account which was from Marcus (Which is actually just a site admin message) But she now thinks I'm a homosexual, what should I do?
Should I end it and how should I go about it
My [F18] bestfriends [F16 and M17] called my baby sister hideous
How do I [27F] ask my boyfriend [29M] to be more loving during sex?
Overdose, lies, and mental health
Reasons to cheat on your BF/GF?
Is the friendship over [19/m] and [19/m]?
rent "issue", 26M and 24F, 5y relashionship
Relationship: I'm (22F) finding it hard to leave my boyfriend ( 28M).
I (24M) feel like gf (20F) doesn’t care/wants to get intimate anymore.
I can’t tell if the bad outweighs the good in my relationship.
How to break up with loving boyfriend of two years?
Not sure if boyfriend (m/20) is crossing boundaries with female best friend (f/18)
My boyfriend is dirty and not in a good way
How to break up with loving boyfriend of two years?
Girlfriend sometimes takes a couple hours to respond to me while replying in the meantime to our group chats. Any reason to feel concerned? (24M) (23F)
My boyfriend is dirty, not in a good way
Should I send a goodnight text or leave them on delivered till the next morning?
I have found out that my boyfriend of over 2 years is a “high-level” drug-dealer.
I just found out my boyfriend of 2 years is a “big-time” drug dealer.
Am I abusive? It’s quite long but I’d really appreciate any help
Boyfriend [M/20] broke up with me[F/20] out of anger over text
my boyfriend has lost all trust & faith in me & its my fault.
Dumped by one of my best friends over email a few weeks ago. Can't stop thinking about it. Anybody else got experience of this?
Breaking up with my boyfriend with bad anxiety
I'm not sure if my girlfriends(18F) feelings are 100% true towards me(19M) and if I should break up with her.
Making my first breakup as painless as possible?
Any tricky questions to ask a man if he has a girlfriend or not?
I(27M) recently got a message from my ex(F25), claiming a close friend of mine(28m)messages her claiming he loved me and for her to leave me alone.
my boyfriend has lost all trust & faith in me & its my fault.
Just found out that my (28) husband (33) made out with another man
Ex (23M) dumped me (22F) via text & ignores me, I want to let him know that it'll be over for good if he doesn't talk
Dumped by one of my best friends over email a few weeks ago. Can't stop thinking about it. Anybody else got experience of this?
[16F] Feel ignored by my boyfriend..
Ex (23M) dumped me (22F) via text & ignores me, I want to let him know that it'll be over for good if he doesn't talk
12 years together, 3 years married, husband 32 (m) and me 31 (f) vicious circle and desire to leave
Just found out that my (28f) husband (33m) made out with another man
How do I make my(M,20s) girlfriend less conscious about her breast size?
[28F] I accidentally called bf “future hubby” and he warned me not to call him that ever again, but I wanna get married in a few years time.
Do I have low sex drive?
Do I have low sex drive?
Advice on my current situation. I'm (22F) and I think my boyfriend (28) is lovebombing me?
My (20f) fiance (12m) want his father (68m) to check my hymen tomorrow night before I get married.
My (20f) fiance (12m) want his father (68m) to check my hymen tomorrow night before I get married.
Should I(19F) try to get back with my ex(19M)?
My (26) boyfriend (36) believes that underage marriage is acceptable
My (17F) soulmate (17F) met a guy (23M) during quarantine and we couldn't be the same anymore.
Am I (22F) being love bombed (28M?)
SHOULD I(19F) try to get back with my ex(19M)?
He said he’s excited to meet me but then stopped replying
Is it okay for my boyfriend to talk about sex with strangers?
Love bombing?
My SIL purposely gifts me things I don’t like
Was It Abuse If He Wasn't Aware Of It?
[28F] why those who don’t have the best intentions always have what they want?
Sharing stories to help people
Sharing stories to help people
I’m confused?
My(21M) girlfriend(21F) wants to break up because I always have put her on pedestal and didn’t put efforts in for her but I want to make it work.
My (17F) soulmate (17F) met a guy (23M) on Tinder during quarantine and we couldn't be the same anymore.
Ideas for what to include in care packages for significant other?
All my friends have cut ties with me
All my friends have cut ties with me
I really want to love her, but I dont know why I cant.
How to ask my girlfriend if I can record her striptease
Do I tell my sister my honest feelings about her relationship?
My(21M) girlfriend(21F) wants to break up because I always have put her on pedestal and didn’t put efforts in for her but I want to make it work.
Should I [26/F] send my mom [58/F] money?
getting over a LDR breakup
my (M21) partner (22) has came out to me as non-binary
My [F24] boyfriend [M25] lies to win arguments, I think?
My father [55] is constantly ignoring or giving me attitude [24]. How should I react and what’s possibly the reason?
Am I being over sensitive
I feel like my friends don’t like me and don’t care about me
I feel like my friends don’t like me and don’t care about me
I feel like my friends don’t care and don’t like me
My father [55] Male is constantly giving me [24] Male attitude and ignoring me. I don’t understand why?
This bitch fucked with my mind so much I wanna kill myself
[M18][F18] Should I text her ?
How can I deal with my dads constant attitude?
[M18][F18] Should I text her ?
My (22 F) boyfriend (21M) is feeling down and I just want him to be happy and bring him back to himself
Should I text her?
(Rant) My parents (51M, 55F) wouldn’t answer the phone, so I (21F) gave up on calling them for three months, and they never called me
How do I know when the honeymoon phase is over?
(Rant) I (21F) stopped calling my parents (51M, 55F) for 3 months, and they never called me
Me (36F) and my boyfriend (34M) spend last 2 months apart. How long apart is to long for a relationship to last?
Me (21F) and partner (22M) on and off since 13 y/o, new “teasing” that is beginning to hurt my feelings
My SO (M, 25) doesn't want to get married ever, I (F, 25) do. Should I break up with him now or wait till we can meet up?
How has your relationship with your SO change as time went by?
How has your relationship with your SO change as time went by?
I [M, 24] feel a lack of physical intimacy in the relationship with my girlfriend [F, 19]
Everything's great apart from the fact he doesn't love me
My boyfriend lied to me, & and now I’m facing homelessness, & I don’t know what to do.
Everything's great apart from the fact he doesn't love me
My boyfriend lied to me & put me in a situation where I’m facing homelessness with my son & I don’t know how to forgive him
Boyfriend (25) doesn't want to get married ever, I (25) do.
I [M, 24] feel a lack physical intimacy in the relationship with my girlfriend [F, 19]
Me (21F) and my partner (22M) have been experiencing issues because of his “teasing” towards me
Is it cheating if you're (f18) bisexual and twerk on a female friend?
Going back to my ex
My sister [28F] bad mouths me [25F] to my extended family/mutual friends
Is it cheating if you're (f18) bisexual and twerk on a female friend?
I don't know what to feel or what to do
my boyfriend wants to crossdress right before and during sex?
My bf (24m) forgot our first anniversary (22f). Is that a red flag?
My girlfriends ex is threating to kill me what should i do?
why does my ex unblock me?
My girlfriends ex is threating to kill me and is threating her what should i do?
why does my ex unblock me?
Escape Routes and Sabotage
Should I Send the Message?
Why do I attract depressive men?
Why do I attract depressed men?
I [22 M] need advice about a negative sexual encounter with a close friend [22 M] of nearly 5 years, when we were both 18
Broke things off with my ex on her birthday, was it mean/wrong for me to do it?
If someone loves you...
How do I (19m) break up with my girlfriend (19m)?
Girlfriend (19) Used The “I Gotta Figure Stuff Out” Breaking Up Line On Me (19) Leaving Me Confused
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) is great
I (70F) am disappointed in my son (28M) and don't know what to do about it
My child [3 y.o.] has to move 1000 miles away with my in-laws!
Should I send the message?
5 Tips to know if it is time to end your relationship with your partner
Ex-Roommate left on bad circumstances but still lists us as a reference [advice]?
Ex-roommate moved out on bad circumstances but lists us as a reference for new place [Advice]
Do yall ever reflect on a past relationship and laugh on how stupid you were during it?
[F29][M28] My boyfriend isn't making an effort to create bond with [6yr] daughter
Am I [29/f] in the wrong, or does he [33/m] intentionally not give me what I feel like I need? Blunt honesty appreciated.
[F29][M28] Boyfriend isn't making an effort to create bond with my [6yr] daughter
My children [2] will have to live with my in-laws 1000 miles away for 6 years?.
Bf told me I was “letting myself go” and he didn’t want to move in if I gained more weight
My (20/M) mom (50/F) buys be sub-standard versions of the things I want and buys the good quality ones for herself
The Best Way to De-Stress After Work for a Happier Relationship
My (20/M) single mom (50/F) never buys me good things and only treats herself well
I (F16) am conflicted about my boyfriends (M18) own money
I (22m) can’t stop letting my worries about other people’s feelings dictate my behavior.
Pregnant in a pandemic, but mom being needy?
My (32F) ex-boyfriend (32M) didn't provide me with the support I needed, so I broke up with him. Why did he provide so little support for me?
I lose interest with my partner when I have a rage fit.
Disagreement between me (23F) and my fiancé (24m) of 1 year (together for 5) on who should decide if I stay or go.
I can’t stop letting my worries about other people’s feelings dictate my behavior. I need help.
I lose interest in my partner, when I get angry at myself.
Why does my (F22) ex-boyfriend (M 23) keep calling my current boyfriend (M 22) ugly?
My mom (58F) & I (32F) just can’t seem to get along
Bf told me I was “letting myself go” and he didn’t want to move in if I gained more weight
So I just want to become friends again but idk how to without going back to the problem
My dad's girlfriend is a bitch and treats him like shit. How do I respectfully tell him he should get rid of her?
(27yo F) with a (10yo) son dating (39yo M) with a (9yo) daughter who doesn't get along should we breakup?
My boyfriend is using me as a rebound
I think that me not being demanding has made me feel very lonely in my relationship.
Should we breakup?
Am I a rebound?
My (17M) Dad (43M) told me that I know nothing and that he wishes I'd join the army
Guy [30s/M] I [30s/F] was dating didn't talk to me for days and dumped me over text for not communicating properly
I(31/F) broke up with him (30/M) after 5 years of relationship
[UPDATE] I finally did it. After 5 years of a toxic off/on relationship with ex [M 28], I [F 24] left for good, and I mean FOR GOOD
I (31/F) broke up with him(30/M) after 5 years of relationship.
Our kids don't get along, should I call it quits?
If a guy [M 20] won't argue when you break up with him [F 20] did he even care about the relationship at all?
[UPDATE] I finally did it. After 5 years of a toxic off/on relationship with [M 28], I [F 24] left for good, and I mean FOR GOOD.
My (34M) bf has a lot of female friends and my (30F) insecurities will ruin this relationship
I’m torn.
I can’t see how my boyfriend shows love to me
If a guy won't argue when you break up with him, did he even care about the relationship at all?
My (30 F) husband (29 M) of 4 years won't touch me anymore
(UPDATE) My boyfriend [33M] won't let me [21F] buy new cat toys for his cat
Should I (26F) let this sh*t go?
Another “the one that got away made me a better person” kind of post
Should I (26F) let this sh*t go?
Another “I miss my ex” post?
Is this a conspiracy
TLDR- Is wanting my father to die and being non- remorseful about it justifiable?
I (24) Am Breaking Up With My Current Girlfriend (23) To Be With Someone Else (24)
Is wanting my father to die and being non- remorseful about it justifiable?
I think my [14/M] friends [~14/M] don't actually like me
I don't think my [14/M] friends [~14/M] don't like me as a person.
Conspiracy theory
If I [22/F] were to ever make a move on my ex’s friend [23/M] how would I go about it?
My (24M) girlfriend (22F) broke up with me, but we still live together.
How Quarantine is affected my relationship
BF of 7 years wants a pass to have sex with other people that Might happen in the future.
Love language
Quarantine
UPDATE- Just found out my (37f) boyfriend (35m) has been frequently hanging out with his secret/mentally ill ex-wife (33F) behind my back the whole time we’ve been dating and lying about it. Where do I go from here?
It is normal for my [F22] boyfriend [M31] to be following so many strippers and naked models on IG?
My (30F) best friend (30M) friendship broke up with me after he said we had a codependent relationship and I can’t stop dwelling. I feel like I’m a terrible person. We used to be sober pals and I’m not sober anymore.
Love language
UPDATE- Just found out my (37f) boyfriend (35m) has been frequently hanging out with his secret/mentally ill ex-wife (33F) behind my back the whole time we’ve been dating and lying about it. Where do I go from here?
If I [22/F] were to ever make a move on my ex’s friend [23/M] how would I go about it?
My (22M) relationship with my girlfriend (24F) is destroying me.
Love language
I (26m) am hiding aspects of my sexuality from my bf (24m) because it makes him uncomfortable.
In Love with my Best Friend in a Relationship
I (24m) can’t be honest with my boyfriend (23m) about my fetishes because they make him obviously uncomfortable.
My GF won’t eat
I need advice
My girlfriend ( 18 F) thinks shes a slut, but she's only with me (18 M) and is pretty modest
If I were to make a move on my ex’s friend how would I go about it?
Ex bf back in my life, we are friends but I'm confused/hurt....
How long did it take for you lover to say I love you?
How long did it take for your lover to say I love you?
I [27m] keep feeling like I need my own space but then get upset when I'm alone.
UPDATE- Just found out my (37f) boyfriend (35m) has been frequently hanging out with his secret/mentally ill ex-wife (33F) behind my back the whole time we’ve been dating and lying about it. Where do I go from here?
Ex bf back in my life, we are friends but I'm confused/hurt....
Ex bf back in my life, we are friends but I'm confused/hurt....
Is it normal for my [F22] boyfriend [M31] to be following so many strippers and naked models on IG?
I [27m] keep feeling like I need my own space, but then get incredibly lonely. What can I do to get out of this cycle?
Girlfriend feels stuck in the middle and I feel think she sees my side
I’m (21/M) always left sad and upset after talking to my Friends
My [22f] boyfriend [22m] has never had a job.
I Feel A Chauffer More Then I Feel Like A Friend
Someone forced and kissed my (16F) girlfriend more than 4 times
I Feel More Like A Chauffeur/Uber Driver Then An Actual Friend! I'm At My Wits End!
How do I make my(M,20s) girlfriend less conscious about her breast size?
Advice with recently broken up girlfriend
My [M25] girlfriend [F25] is impossible and toxic to deal with
u/throaway88889910h I can’t see how my boyfriend expresses his love to me [new
I’m Naive .. story of how I destroyed something special.
Boyfriend (24 m) leaves room when he FT his son and babymom (24 F)
I feel like I’m unworthy of love after a second breakup
Me [30 M] met a girl [26 F] that still isn't over her ex [30 M]
My [30F] boyfriend [34M] of three years is a cat lover, and I am very allergic to cats and dogs. He is willing and accepting of not having cats again but I'm not sure I want him to make that sacrifice...
Someone kissed my girlfriend (16F) more than 4 times
Told My SO About Past Abuse And Was Upset By The Reaction
M27 dumped F28 i need some serious help.
It’s 4.30am and I’m stressed. M marriage is ending
How to Handle the Relationship With My (19F) Mom (46F)
Soy cristiano y mi pareja me está engañando. ¿Qué debo hacer?
It’s 4.30am. Life is stressful
Girlfriends sister is moving down the street...
Beginning to get depressed over my relationship.
A doozie ..... Maybe.
But have you ever had a girl reject flowers because of strict parents?
Gf(26f) broke up with me(26m) after cheating and knowingly giving me hsv2 (herpes) idk what to do..
My gf [23/F] has lost her mother recently. I [25/F] have been there for her since day one but something is really affecting me.
I’m (21/M) always left sad and upset after talking to my Friends
Gf (26f) broke up with me (26m) after a year. Cheated on me and gave me herpes and idk what to do.
Boyfriend [22M] broke up with me [21F] after 4 years to "find himself." How do I cope in quarantine with no friends.
Perspective, was this abusive or not? (21F,M)
[F23] I'm virgin, have allergic bronchitis, and now regretful because didn't lose my virginity before the virus
3 friends
Struggling with a guy's friends know it all girlfriend, help
My husband [30M] and I [30F] are having a tough time deciding which day to celebrate our baby’s birthday on non Leap Years. Which date do you think makes sense and why?
After spending so much time alone in quarantine I(F18) no longer want to hangout with my boyfriend(M18) physically. What's wrong with me?!
Husband [30M] and I [30F] are debating which day is appropriate to celebrate our baby’s birthday on non Leap years.
Husband [30/M] and I [30/F] can’t decide which day to celebrate our baby’s birthday on non Leap Years.
Boyfriend [25M] said he wanted to move to the same city as me [23F], now he has the opportunity to and refuses. Should I breakup with him?
I’m (21/M) always left sad and upset after talking to my Friends
Those who became better off/successful. How did it affect your relationship with family/friends?
How can I [24F] safely break up with my controlling boyfriend [25M]?
My sister-in-law is ruining my niece’s first relationship
Should I tell my FWB I have feelings for him?
My mother plans to give away my (18f) dog. If she tries I'm leaving with the dog.
How do I (21F) not get so angry when my millionaire mom (60F) complains about being poor?
Upset and sad after talking to my Friends
A possible ghost
My sister-in-law is way too invested in my niece’s relationship
My [17M] boyfriend doesnt understand I [18F] need to study!!
It started as Crossdressing
Should I [20M] try to rekindle things with my ex [21F]
Me(18F). Boyfriend(18) talks to my mom(45) more than me.
UPDATE: I (18m) asked out my younger classmate (15f) and it blew up in my face
Not enough sex
I (21F) am reconsidering my entire relationship with my boyfriend (20M)
Person[23] I'm[18] Dating Has Random Excessive Outbursts, I Don't Know How To Deal With It?
How can I [24F] safely break up with my controlling boyfriend [25M]?
I (F24) have feelings for my FWB (M33). Should I tell him?
My (24F) Ex (24M) blocked me
23M Stuck in never ending cycle with ex fiance'
Fiancé (27M) not willing to support my (25F) dream of starting my own business and now I’m not sure we should get married. Am I being unreasonable?
My friend is upset I’m not coming to her birthday fire, and says her birthday gets ruined every year.
24(F)35(M) not enough sex...
Should I block my ex on social media to allow myself to heal or is it petty?
My boyfriend talks to my mom more than me. That is all
How to help a non-binary person feel comfortable in a new sexual relationship?
Am I being dramatic
Should I block my ex on social media to allow myself to heal or is it petty?
Needing advice for relationship [18F] Am I being dramatic?
Ex-FWB [28M] ghosted me [24F] - but not really
help :(
[18F] concerns for our relationship
I(m27) have feelings for a woman(f35) that I don’t respect
My ex-girlfriend (27F) makes me think I (29F) an asshole, what do you think?
I (35M) cannot stop texting my friend (47F) who rarely replies. Help!
How to help a non-binary person feel comfortable with sexual experiences?
My [29F] good friend [29F] dominates our friendship with talk of her ex/their custody battle. How do I nicely ask her to stop?
I (F24) Have Feelings for my FWB (M33), Should I Tell Him?
I [26F] really struggle with a fear of "disappointing" my SO [30M] after a traumatic long-term relationship with a manipulative narcissist [28F]. What can I do to help myself finally get over this?
I fucked up.
I fucked up.
My friend lost her husband suddenly three months ago. She’s already in love with someone else. How do I support her?
My friend lost her husband suddenly three months ago. She’s in love with someone else already that she just met. Should I say anything?
Me (27F) not using Twitter because of my partner (26F)
My (22F) boyfriend (27M) of 2 years thinks there is nothing wrong with liking his friends sexual photos on instagram.
I (m27) have feelings for a woman (f35) that I don’t respect
F34 seeking advice
Do you light yourself on fire to keep other people warm
How do I tell my boyfriend I want more quality time together?
Found something fucked up in my girlfriend’s (17f) dms and don’t know how to end it
I (20F)get obsessed with all of my ex boyfriends previous lives or best female friends and try to be like them.
I hate my household
Found something fucked up in my girlfriend’s (17f) dms and dont know how to end it
Why did my neighbors (late 20's/early 30's) randomly stop talking to me (26 F)?!?
Why did my neighbors (late 20's/early 30's) randomly stop talking to me (26 F)?!?
My [29,F] very close friend [25, F] just called my ex-husband [34,M] “cute” and I am enraged for some reason
I (21f) was sexually assaulted by my (21m) partner at the beginning of our relationship and am only just coming to terms with it and don’t know what to do
Helping him with his fantasy
My gf has helped me realize that I have panic attacks and I’m so thankful.
I feel like my husband (36M) and I (34F) are at an impasse sexually
How can I help with his fantasy?
I (M 19) want to buy a ukulele, but it might make my mother (F 48) mad.
How do I (27f) work through my boyfriend’s (29m) callous, poorly-timed “jokes”?
I (27M) am falling for my co worker (24F) was she is in a relationship
Girlfriend(18) is depressed and trying to break up with me (19)
I (21F) found a note on my boyfriend’s (22M) phone written about another girl
My trauma impacting wonderful longterm relationship
Falling for my co worker, she is in a relationship
I (21F) found a note in my boyfriend’s (22M) phone written about another girl
My friend is being stubborn. How do I help her?
My mom [54, F] jokes about my husband [35, M] cheating on me with my sister [25, F]
My (22F) ex (24F) is asking for the expensive gifts she gave to me, back. Would you do the same?
How to tell my boyfriend I want to spend more time together?
My mom [54, F] jokes about my husband [35, M] cheating on me with my sister [25, F]
How to deal with clingy friend who wants to move into my neighborhood?
My (22F) ex (24F) is asking for the expensive gifts back from me, would you do the same?
Friend with benefits lockdown
Significant trauma impacting a wonderful relationship
F[30] with M[28] On-off relationship of two years - Am I giving him the space he needs or am I just pushing my needs aside yet again?
Fwb with an ex, but are we really just dating without a label?
30[F] in a relationship with 28[M] How much space would you give someone to make a decision?
Don’t know what to do about girl (F20) I (M21) like
The Silent Treatment
This is kinda long but again could use the help in this situation. Just need someone’s opinion to get a read on the situation about this girl (21F) that I (21M) like and how to deal with the situation.
Me (27F) running away from Twitter. Just a mess of a post
Why can I never truly be the victim?
Hey just wondering if anyone can help me get a better read on this situation with this girl (21F) I(21M) likeand how to deal with it
Is this a learning relationship or a long term relationship?
I hate my household
My (23F) friend and roommate (21F) is upset because I won't drink a lot, thinks I'm breaking a promise if I say I will drink with her then dont get drunk.
Karma catches up..
I don't think my parents are joking about arranged marriage anymore.
Sex Positions 🌚
Is there a way I(21m) can make it work with my gf(21F) anymore after ruining us horribly?
Communication error or relationship error?
World affiliate marketing platform .. affiliate program specializing in working with financial sites around the world. All that is needed is a high income. http://l.itlinker.net/p263189/
A mess of a post
Karma catches up...I (33m) divorced my wife 3 years ago largely due to an emotional affair. I stayed with the woman from the affair and we just separated a few weeks ago. I feel like shit but know that’s the least that should happen..
I [30/M] got ghosted by a potential dating interest [26/F]. How can I fix?
Me [28f] wondering how to end it with guy [30m] I went out with
I need advice on how to repair things with my girlfriend
Not living together after quarantine
37F dating 41M, 1yr, like Happy Gilmore half the time, the rest is great! How to bring up problems in r'ship?
Ex-FWB [28M] ghosted me [24F] - but not really
I’m (22M) talkingto a girl (19F) that I’m developing feelings for, and it’s exciting
My family hates it when I talk about my fiancé
When karma catches up...
Please help me [20F]
I (F17) want to break up with my boyfriend (M17) but I don’t have a support system to fall back on
I (23F) told my niece (6F) that I am not related to her or her mom (26F, my step sister).
I was the “other man” in an affair that lasted over a year and now I’m heartbroken and confused. Be gentle, but help?
My ex made a public post about me, what do i do
Unpopular opinion
Mom is buying a house without stepdad knowing
My ex made a public post about me during no contact, what do i do
Talking to a girl (19F) that I’m developing feelings for, and it’s exciting
[28F][30M] Boyfriend “broke up with me” when I criticised his misogynistic comments.
Am I wrong for treating my SO like shit?
Please help me and be polite
Am I wrong for treating my boyfriend “like shit” ?
I (28m) and my gf (20f) threatening to leave me.
LONG and MESSY: I was the “other man” in an affair that lasted over a year and now I’m heartbroken
Feels like I'm dating Happy Gilmore half the time! How to bring up problems in r'ship?
Hookups post covid
M/20 I just need advice
UPDATE: [18F] I broke up with my boyfriend [17M], but I feel like I totally regret it and now I don’t know what to do.
Mediation with co-worker, boss and hr
My girlfriend Nurse and gives physicals and it bothers me... How do I change my way of thinking to deal with this.
Co-worker with an attitude
Yayaya
Found my boyfriends (20M) reddit account and came across a vent post about me (20F)
(22M) can’t find a gf and I really need one 😭
M/20 I just need advice
How do I [18F] let him [18M] down easy?
My (21F) bf (23M) doesn't go through with his "surprise"
[26M] Adventure with an extraordinary girl! [24F] But where do i go from here..?
My (26f) bf (29m) lied to me and I'm struggling with trusting him again.
My girlfriend is a Nurse and gives physicals, I feel like an insecure asshole but it bothers me. How do I get over this?
My wife (25F) calls all the shots and I'm (24M) getting frustrated
My wife(31f) and I(28m) haven't been intimate for months. Should I walk away or wait a little longer?
My (20 F) parents won't let me go visit my bf (23 M) and I don't know if it's my decision to make or theirs
Girlfriend wont let me finish her off
M(31) wife F(29) in online relationship and says it’s just for fun.
Nervous about a date I'm about to go on. Me 27 M Girl 37 F
My (21F) bf (23M) doesn't go through with his "surprise"
M(31) wife f(29) says it’s just for fun? TL/DR
Nervous on this date I'm about to go on. Me, Guy 27, Girl 35
20y old M studying computer science but never think of getting a girlfriend until this year
Me (M31) needs advise about wife (F29) in online talks. She says it’s just for fun??
[26M] Adventure with an extraordinary girl! [24F] But where do i go from here...?
I 27/f was living with my boyfriend 30/m and my parents until they kicked him out last night. Help?
Was I (slightly) emotionally abused?
I 27/f was living with my boyfriend 30/m and parents until they kicked him out last night. Please help?
I 26/f was living with my parents and boyfriend 30/m until they kicked him out last night. Help?
Girlfriend wont let me finnish her off
Me and my boyfriend were living with my parents for the past two years while we saved up for a mortgage but my parents have kicked him out. Help?
For those of you that have said goodbye to a soulmate/'forever' person, have you been able to find true happiness in subsequent relationships?
We are breaking up after 24 hours. Please help us find a solution till then.
Can’t figure out if I’m being too sensetive or if me being hurt is justified
Dad (72M) has an autoimmune disorder, mom (71F) wants to take care of brother's (35M) new baby girl (0F) because his fiancé (35F) is going back to work. Sister (33F) is pissed and thinks this is a dumb idea and wants my (29M) support.
For those of you that have said goodbye to a soulmate/forever person, have you been able to find true happiness in subsequent relationships?
Am I too sensitive? I can’t figure out if me being hurt is justified
She says it’s just for fun.
[26M] Adventure with an extraordinary girl over the first Year. [24F]
We are breaking up in 24 hours. Help me find a solution for us before then.
For those that have said goodbye to a soulmate/'forever' person, have you been able to be truly happy in subsequent relationships?
Girlfriend won't let me make her finnish
I (26f) named my son (2) after my murdered ex-boyfriend. Husband recently found out and now wants a divorce
How does money work in your relationship? From when you were dating to now (potentially marriage?), how do you decide who handles the money? Keep it separate? Who pays for what? Utilities? No judging here.
Im (18F) confused. Do FWB include emotions?
How does money work in your relationship? From when you were dating to now (potentially marriage?), how do you decide who handles the money? Keep it separate? Who pays for what? Utilities? No judging here
Feeling lost hurt and sad (help)
Should I (F24) tell my FWB (M33) of 2 years I have feelings for him?
My (22F) best friend (23F) is dating a man with the intention of manipulating him and then cheating on him and I don't know if it's my place to say anything
Should I (F24) tell my FWB (M33) of 2 years I have feelings for him?
My (31M) ex (31F) contacted me for the first time in 9 days to borrow money. I lent it to her. She broke up with me a week and a bit ago because I wasnt supportive enough. How could I have been more supportive?
How 2 gf gud
Girl (25F) overseas before coming back to the states stops replying after weeks of quality and lengthy conversations with me (26M) and I dont know exactly how to handle it.
Why is it considered degrading for people to sell nudes?
Should I [20M] try to reconcile with my ex [20F], or is that a terrible idea?
Adventure with an extraordinary girl!
My (28f) live-in boyfriend (27m) of four years is about to leave me
Girl I've been messaging with (25F) overseas seems to have ghosted me (26M) on the strangest note.
Me [21 M] and my girlfriend [24 F] have been long distance for about two months now due to the pandemic and the way she communicates over text changed recently
Bfs mom is psychotic?!
Should I (F24), Tell My FWB (M33) of 2 Years I Have Feelings For Him?
What do I do with my abusive mother?
What do I do with my abusive mother?
Should I move on or wait?
How can I [ F22] learn to be more open with my feelings/heart concerning new interest[M23]?
Participation needed!! Quick, easy, and makes a difference.
I (32M) told my GF (23F) I wouldn't buy refined sugar products during pregnancy. Threatened to leave or abort the child. 8 Month long relationship
Boyfriend (M22) didn't get me a birthday present for a second year in a row (F21)
I Think I’m into girls
How Do You Show Your Love?
Ignored by women my whole life, now that I'm beginning to get some success I'm worried about my morality.
I (32M) dating (23F) recently pregnant, told her that I'm only buying foods with no added sugar. Very upset with me.
My sister is a manipulative liar
Help?! My bfs mom is psycho and acts like a jealous lover?!
Should I (28F) ask ex (32M) if he deleted an old sex video of us
Grudges with sister. Let them go or move forward with caution
My friends aren't giving me the same energy I'm giving them
Should I (28F) ask my ex (31M) if he deleted sex video
Is sex important for a college relationship?
Should I (28F) ask my ex (31M) if he deleted sex video
Boyfriend(M22) did not get me a birthday present for a second year in a row (F21)
My fiance of 7 years isn't in the mood for sex
My fiance of 7 years isn't in the mood for sex
Do college relationships expect sex?
A VERY complicated LDR made even more complicated by COVID-19
My friends aren't giving me the same energy I'm giving them
I (23F) need help on my brothers depression (25M)!
My dad is gay?
Ya girl needs advice on how to talk about the things that concern me to my BF.....
A VERY complicated LDR made even more complicated by COVID-19
My [32/f] best friend [29/f] hates my fiancé [33/m]
Boyfriend of a over a Year Didn't get me a Birthday Present for a second birthday in a row ...
Please help ya girl talk to her BF
What are normal things you do for SO? I don’t know if I’m missing something.
I (23F) am very concerned about my brother (25M); help please!
When will this girl (28F) finally realize I'm (29M) ghosting her?
Is this pet peeve common/normal or is it just me [18F]?
I really love my boyfriend but sometimes I feel we aren’t compatible
is it cheating if you’re not officially dating?
Need at-home date night ideas
is it cheating before the relationship is official?
Is this pet peeve common/normal or is it just me [18F]
I don't want to look stupid in the "talking stage"
is it cheating before you’re officially in a relationship?
I (M19) feel like I am an outsider in my GF's (F19) extended family. What should I do to feel more accepted?
Is this pet peeve common/ normal or is it just me?
is it cheating before officially in a relationship? why/why not
SO [M/27] bought a gun after I [F/25] expressed I felt uncomfortable with a gun in the house. I found out he lied about using his day off to go buy the gun and go shoot it with an ex/current friend while saying he was at home instead.
I can't work out if I'm (F23) a lesbian or just think that because of my previous relationships with guys.
How much punishment should a 20 - something get while living at home?
I [21F] am a gay woman in a straight relationship [25M].
I (26 f) named my son (2m) after my murdered ex-boyfriend. Husband (25m) recently found out and now wants a divorce
My boyfriend [27M] and I [25F] have been talking about moving in together, but not sure how to approach with parents?
My SO [M21] thinks I’m toxic [F18]
Those of you that have had partners fall out of love with you - when you look back now, what were the signs?
My boyfriend (24m) doesn't talk to me much (23f) one year relationship
Girlfriend doesn't want me to stay with family for an extra week
Am I really toxic ?
My boyfriend doesn't really talk to me any more 23f/23m one year
Hi R/relationships my boyfriend and I got in an argument because the past few times we have had sex its been unsatisfying. F[28] & M[35]
Am I really toxic ?
My SO thinks I’m toxic ?
[F] 28 having sexual problems with bf [36]
Me [26 M] with my GF [24 F] 2.5Y, afraid to break up
My (28 / M) coworker (early 30s / F) is "leaving" her husband for me. We are not involved.
r/crappyshows
[22M] I’m being ghosted by a girl [24F] I’ve known for a while.
i [20m] and my girlfriend of 16 months [18f] have recently decided to take a break
Update on Is My 21(M) Prioritizing his friends over me 19(F)?
I [20F] am a gay woman in a straight relationship [24M]
I (30f) feel harassed by an ex hookup (25m)
[26/f] friend’s ghoster ex [?/m] is trying to get her back and I’m [26/m] worried she will get hurt again?
An Update on Is my 21(M) Prioritizing his friends over me? 19(F)
[26/f] friend has accepted her ghoster ex’s [?/m] friend request and I’m worried that she will get hurt again?
I [M23] am thinking of ending my first long-term relationship and I'm terrified
How do I [26/m] deal with the fact my friend [26/f] accepted her ghoster ex [?/m]?
My past encounter with a girl is bothering me and I feel like I should tell my gf (it’s my first relationship)
I [27M] keep arguing with my friends because they think I’m in a controlling relationship with my [26F] fiancée.
I (30 f) feel harassed by an ex hookup (25 m)
I’m worried that if I [26/m] don’t try and convince my friend [26/f] to ignore/avoid her ex [?/m] she will go back to him?
My past encounter with a girl is bothering me and I feel like I should tell my gf (it’s my first relationship)
I’m worried that if I [26/m] don’t try and convince my [26/f] friend to ignore her ex [?/m] she will get back to him?
Break up with me (23F) and boyfriend (22M) of 4 years and living together afterward?
I (M18) kissed my friend (G18) and now she ghosted on me.
Me [22 M] Covid-19 induced virtual dating girl [21F] "Dressing Up" sexy for Facetime this weekend
my [23f] brother [26m] is coddled by our parents, now he's exaggerating an illness and it's all getting worse
Covid-19 Virtual Dating: Girl "Dressing Up"
I (18 male) kissed my friend (18 female) and she ghosted on me
Should I (f23) leave my partner (m24) to pursue my goal of buying a house?
Should I see my family or not? COVID makes it a real head-scratcher!
I’m don’t want to lose him but something is holding me back
I (20s M) betrayed my neighbor (60s M) and I am not sure if it’s wise to express my deepest sympathies right now for the loss of his dog (early teens? M)
I begged my mum no to visit me
Boyfriend [20 M] makes it sound like I’m [19 F] abusive, but I’m not sure that I am. Please help
I think i found my soulmate...
Can two politically different people prosper?
i am jealous of my boyfriend about his ex'es appreance and bubbly personality
help
You can't trust all Girls
how/when did you know they were the one? (20F, 24M)
Hate Vibrators
my boyfriend’s cousin accused him of molesting her
How to tell my boyfriend I am not okay with his drug use?
Lockdown saved my relationship
I think i found my soulmate.....
how did you know they were the one? (20F, 24M)
How to tell my boyfriend that I am not ok with his drug use?
Lockdown may be a good thing for your relationship
How Can I (35m) juggle my personal goals while also spending the time and energy to help with my fiancee's (33f) goals?
Should I (Still) tell the wife?
Did I screw up?
How Can I (35m) juggle my personal goals while also spending the time and energy to help with my fiancee's (33f) goals? I'm more of a 'self starter' so I know exactly how to attack my to-do list but never know how to help her out. Quarantine got us trying to stay busy with all of our ambitions!
I [21M] suck at relationships and idk if I’m stupid or what.
I (F 23) asked him if he (M 25) liked me, and he said he didn't know.
how did you know they were the one?
My (39F) boyfriend (39M) gets upset anytime a change in custody schedule happens.
Is it normal that my [28F] BF [25M] doesn't feel the need to spend time with me?
How to confront my GF
Girlfriend 25f is sketchy with her Snapchat use
Should I tell the wife?
Break up with me (23F) and boyfriend (22M) of 4 years and living together afterward?
My [28F] confidence took a hit after two failed jobs, what should I do next?
Girlfriend 25f is sketchy with her Snapchat use
I [F20] love my bf [M29] more than anything but for the first time my own anxiety is getting in the way of our relationship
Talking to a girl (19F) I'm also the same age (19M) We talk ALOT, but she started College and she has her weeks so I decided to give her space. Is that a good thing or is it drifting us apart?
How do I confront my gf
How do I confront my gf
Unsent Love Letters
Boyfriend (22m) didn't tell me (20f) that he was friends with his ex.
My (24f) partner (25m) of 5 years has completely stopped communicating with me
Unsent Love Letters
How to stop waiting for more closure after being ignored for a month/how to get my belongings back
How can I [25M] get over my adorable crush [24F]?
My (30M) girlfriend's (29F) acquaintance messaged her on her birthday to strongly imply I was cheating on her
24f still living at home. But dad can be controlling at times.
My [21F] roommate [23/24F] packed up my pot and claims that it is hers.
FWB (28F) consistently mentions other men to me (32M) and breaking rules we set in the beginning
How to stop waiting for closure/what to do about my belongings
How to be a strong woman
My [22/M] sister [26/F] thinks we are at her beck and call during quarantine to help with her son [1/M]. I'm at my wit's end.
My [22/M] sister [26/F] thinks we are at her beck and call during quarantine to help with her son [1/M]. I'm at my wit's end.
Finding out her ring size
My bf [25] needed ice on Mother’s Day and lied to me about where he got it from.
Top 50 New Best Romantic Quotes 2020| For your Sweetheart
Has anyone else found online dating has turned them into a quivering wreck when it comes to dating guys? Me [25F] with a new guy [32M]
Need some perspective- opinions on our (32M, 26F) compatibilty?
Feel like my ex's move on quickly
How do I (23F) deal with parents (46F, 48M) that are toxically positive about the pandemic
I can’t see how my boyfriend expresses his love to me
Getting back on the saddle
i(f23) just got out of a near year long relationship with (24m)
I'm feeling anxious about my relationship and distance is killing me - not sure why [M/21]
How should I (21M) handle me and my brother (18M) liking the same girl (18F)?
Me (32 M) and my friend (34 M) had a blow out. Looking for advice.
Boyfriend (M28) squats to shit and I think it's gross.
Change my mind about recreational drug use
BF (35) and I (32)f had an explosice fight last night
Confused about my long distance FWB Relationship
How can I be a good big sister?
Do women get attracted to nakedness different than men?
Any success stories of getting back together with your ex after them "Needed to find themselves/ be themselves again"?
Looking for tips to rekindle feeling for old crush
I (19f) want to break up with my bf (20m) because of personal issues
Any success stories of getting back together with your ex after them "Needed to find themselves/ be themselves again"?
Bf (35) and I (32) had an explosive fight last night
Any success stories of getting back together with your ex after them "Needed to find themselves/ be themselves again"?
Any success stories of getting back together with your ex after them "Needed to find themselves/ be themselves again"?
Should I open up the relationship?
I'm feeling anxious about my relationship without any real reasons and distance is killing me [M/21]
How can I be a great big sister?
My [F26] boyfriend [25] plays video games every night and I’m upset because I want more attention from him.
Confused about a man!
Can a break be healthy?
Does My Boyfriend Cheat on Me During my Night Shifts?
My [F26] boyfriend [25] works all day then plays video games all night for hours. I’m upset over the lack of attention
I'm feeling anxious about my relationship without any real reasons and distance is killing me [M/21]
Do women process or are attracted to body differently than men?
How to be a strong wife
I (27F) Have A Complicated Past - Need Help Communicating And Rebuilding A Relationship With (30M)
Is My Boyfriend Cheating on Me During My Nightshifts?
It’s too hot
My friend tries to one-up me while I'm miserably sharing what happened to me
I WANT TO BECOME A BETTER GIRLFRIEND
I (27F) Have A Complicated Past - Need Help Communicated With Sam (30M)
He's kinda great
My Mom and I Are Not Friends
What's the difference between reaching out to someone when you need help (considered a good thing), and being needy and bothersome / burdensome to somebody (a bad thing)?
I (27) Have A Complicated Past - Need Help Communicating with BF (30M)
Cute but kinda crazy girl [16f] is a bit obsessed with me [17m]. Don't know if it'd be a good idea to go out with her?
I'm (27F) Unknowingly dating my dads therapist (33M).
Feeling lucku
Is it a bad idea for my ex (27m) and I (26f) to move in together?
Its my (M27) and my gf (F24) 1yr anniversary and I dont know how to plan with quarantine going on.
My girlfriend has a weird kink i don't like, what do I do?
[28F] Normal Feels?
I (19f) want to break up with my bf (20m) because of financial thing
update: thinking of sending a message to a guy need to know if I should or not
I don’t feel right.
Happily married but constantly thinking about another girl
I (M23) am engaged but can’t stop thinking about my ex.
New platonic male friend [27M] has started joking to me [22F] about sex (in general); unsure what to think.
adult daughter is addicted to negative attention and drama
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) expects me to help with his homework and will get upset if I don’t because his “major’s harder” which leads to a majority of our issues.
Girlfriend's kid killing the romance
I have feelings for my friends ex and I don't know what do to
This girl (19M) (Has a boyfriend) and I were just starting to connect and vibe then a week later she unfollows me.
I (28F) feel like I was sexually assaulted by my partner (32F) and I’m not sure how to handle this
I'm [25F] keeping my boyfriend [27M] that I live together with awake with my teeth grinding. He says it's really bad and he's getting moodier from bad sleep.
[Work] Responding to a request to thank someone who has been an absolute jerk
Should I (26f) ask my bf (28m) about how we got together?
I (M23) am engaged but I can’t stop thinking about my ex.
Looking for tips to rekindle feeling for old crush
Advice Needed, [28F] Covid 19 Issues
[Work] Responding to a request to thank someone who has been an absolute jerk.
Is anyone in a relationship with someone they settled for?
My girlfriend (21F) might leave me and take my 6 month old daughter because I (26M) enjoy my hobbies "too much."
I’m bi F/22 and my boyfriend M/21 of two months doesn’t want me to sleepover at my friends
What can I(28M) do to salvage my relationship with my girlfriend(27F)?
Me [25 M] with my high school crush [25 F] reconnected last year after not speaking for 10 years. What would be the best way to actually ask her out?
This girl (19M) which has a boyfriend. We were just starting to connect and vibe then a week later she unfollows me out of the blue.
I need help with the mixed signals I am getting from a girls (18f) at my work.
OnlyFans subscription in a 2 year old relationship with me (F23) and a guy (M24)
I am happily married but can't stop thinking about one girl ... what should I do?
What can I(28M) do to salvage my relationship with my girlfriend(27F)?
I’m sad at something my [21m] “girlfriend” [18f] said even though I shouldn’t be.
I need help judging mixed signals I am getting from a girl (18f)
Should i keep trying or not?
Had a fight last night with my boyfriend over making instant noodles.
I need help in judging the mixed signals I am getting from a girl (18f) at my work
I need help on judging the mixed signals I am getting from a girl at work.
Feel so fucking lucky
Is anyone dating someone they settled for?
I (18M) am getting so many mixed signals from a girl (18) at my work.
I (20F) found a “cold sore” on my lip and confronted my boyfriend (24M)... ended up being wrong, where do I go from here?
I got turned off because of my bf's attitute to his ex and it is acctually not a big deal
Should I apologise to my ex?
My [32F] partner [31M] tells me he wants to break up with me every single time we argue.
Is my relationship fizzling out, or is Quarantine getting to us? How to fix this?
I'm [25F] keeping my boyfriend [27M] that I live together with awake with my teeth grinding. He says it's really bad and he's getting moodier from bad sleep.
what do i do
This girl (19M) which has a boyfriend. We were just starting to connect and vibe then a week later she unfollows me.
Had a fight last night with my boyfriend over making instant noodles
Best 'friend' [M28] in love with me and I[F23] wish I returned the feelings
This girl (19M) which has a boyfriend. We were just starting to connect and vibe then a week later she unfollows me.
My (21 F) sister (18 F) is angry at me because I stopped being in denial about how abusive my mom was when we were growing up.
She (22F) broke up with me (24M) over text for the time of social distancing and now I don't have confidence.
I started connecting with this girl who had a boyfriend. Then she unfollow's me a week later.
Should i keep trying?
I am turned of by my boyfriend bc of his past, how can i fix that?
Is quarantine getting to us, or is the relationship fizzling out?
Should i keep trying or not?
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) expects me to help with his homework and will get upset if I don’t because his “major’s harder” which leads to a majority of our issues.
Should i keep trying or not?
I [20F] have problems not overthinking about my relationship with [23M]
My (30 F) mother (60) left my dad for a possible child molester
Should I stay or should I go M27 F26
My boyfriend(M21) is studying with a girl everyday but doesn’t want her to know that he has a girlfriend
Have I been used ?
Caught my sister spying on me
My ex (18M) treated me like crap and cheated on me (19F) on Grindr for months. Do I stay in contact, take him back, cut the chord? Need advice on what to do.
I Thought Corona Would Bring Us Closer Together
Caught my [F21] sister snooping, really considering cutting her off
Have I been used ?
Should I stay or should I go
I [25/F] need friends.
My (22M) gf(18F) used to be promiscuous, but now since she met me she regrets it deeply and depressed because of her past
I [25/F] need friends.
Should I [23F] give up on [28M] because my friends are trying to set him up with someone much better for him than me?
Am I [23F] messed up if I continue to flirt with [28M]?
My boyfriend(M21) is studying with a girl everyday but doesn’t want her to know that he has a girlfriend
Sensual books suggestions to read together? [Female&Male]
My (26f) boyfriend (29m) stays up all night and I like to wake up early and it makes me very sad
Is subscribing to OnlyFans ok when in a relationship?
My (22M) gf(18F) is out of my league but s
The complete guide on Coronavirus Pandemic out there & the solutions to get cured by these protocols to keep your family Safe . WHO Lied to us !!
Am I [20F] overthinking things? *T/W*
What do you guys think of OnlyFans when in a relationship? Is it different to using porn?
Girlfriend has no motivation
[26/m] LDR/ Boundary issues - My girlfriend (30/f) doesn't make sense, and I need help understanding.
Is a subscription OnlyFans in Relationships disrespectful?
F (31) cannot speak to partner of almost two years M (30) without feeling worried/criticised
What is wrong with me?
A Girl(20F) likes me. But I(21M) don't want to have a relationship right now. How should i convince her?
17m.hi I'm looking for gf about 17 or 18 old years.I'm so lonely and I want to her to have chat in discord or Reddit
Beginning to think my relationship is childish opinions?
Only fans in relationships
Met a girl in early dating who went for another man but came back after he left the city. Things are now becoming more serious and she has told me some details about the past and early dating. Should I give this a chance or was I her second choice?
[28F] my best friend became friends with the third wheel. I stopped seeing her as my best friend.
I (F/21) think my ex bf (M/21) is using me for sexual reasons.
Why am I (25M) so confused about my feelings to her (25F)?
She strung me along in early dating whilst sleeping and dating another man. He moved cities and we rekindled things now we are on the verge of a committed relationship should I give things a go?
i [20F] am needlessly worried about my relationship with [23M] friend
Is it possible/worth it to recover this friendship?
I (31M) don't know what to do about my GF (30F)
AITA [28F] my best friend became friends with the third wheel. I stopped seeing her as my best friend.
Told my girlfriend [22F] that a girl hurt me so bad when I was a kid I [25M] had to go to the hospital. She laughed and said I probably deserved it and now I'm reevaluating things
I [F21] quit my job to follow my dream and I feel bas that we’re now living off of only my boyfriends [M20] income, should I feel this bad?
My boyfriend [both of us are 24] seems to be stressed at work lately and tonight he said he doesn’t feel like talking. I don’t know what to do
My [46f] husband [49m] finally confessed the truth about why he won’t do anything and I’m fascinated and I need to know if this is normal
My (25M) friend (25M) showed a red flag behaviour and i dont know what to do
I [F21] quit my job to follow my dream and I feel really bad that we’re now living off of only my boyfriend’s [M20] income, should I feel this bad?
What should I(f18) do? Think bf(m18) lied to me
Woman [38F] contacted me [19M] and told me that she has a baby who is mine. How do I even handle this?
I (M31) Don't know what to do about my GF (F30)
My manipulative ex, a point of view from a 13 year old looking back at a 11 year old.
you'r opinion, Contacting Ex.. yay on nay?
Like dating Happy Gilmore half the time! Halp!
Feels like I'm dating Happy Gilmore half the time!
My kinda ex doesn’t know what love is?.
Boyfriend's family treats him rudely but he won't recognize it.
I’m just sad.. please advice
Feel gf doesn’t try as much
i (18f) wanna break up with him (22m) so bad, just don’t know how/when
I (f) still miss my ex (f) after a year
How long is it truly okay to miss you ex?
Ex[35M] asked to break up, I[35F] asked for second chance
How long is it truly normal to miss an ex?
Please help! My ex broke me but now kinda wants to get back together but doesn’t know what love is.
Ex[35M] asked to break up, I[35F] asked for second chance
i (18f) wanna break up with him (22m) so bad, i just don’t know how/when
Ex asked to get back together, how did it went for you?
My (23F) partner (25M) of 5+ years doesn't say "I love you" anymore
My (19f) boyfriend (30m) freaked out about my depression being hard to handle.
How do I ask her to talk to me more?
I told my friend that I like her. Apparently she doesn't see me that way. I am alright, but am worried. What should I do to not make her feel awkward about this? I don't want to lose her as a friend.
What should I do?
I’m too insecure to leave... help?
hi i am male (19) but i have crush on above 30 years old women..is it normal?
I’m too insecure to leave... what to do? Or any resources I can look through?
Anyone actually have any luck on tinder finding someone they like?
Can I (M30) forget about the past without breaking up with my current girlfriend (F31)
hi i am male (19) but idk why i get crush 30 years old women. is it normal?
My Brother[19M] and His Girlfriend[19F] Are Celebrating Their 2yr Anniversary
[22M] I’m being ghosted by a girl [24F] I’ve known for a while.
My [32M] girlfriend [26F] overcame an eating disorder, but now she's overcorrected and is at a very unhealthy weight, despite convincing herself she's healthy. It's a very sensitive topic, and I'm not sure how to approach it, but I love her and don't want her to face health issues.
[22M] I’m being ghosted by a girl [24F] I have known for a while.
Should I try to save my marriage for the sake of my baby?
My [19F] boyfriend’s [18M] mom walked in on us during sex, and I feel guilt about it
[22M] How to deal with potential ghosting from girl [24F] I’ve known for a while.
girl of your dreams
i’m 17 and i’m just thinking about this today and i want to let this out of my chest.Is it possible to get the girl of your dreams?i don’t know what she looks like or what her personality is and i’m just curious is it possible to get the girl of your dream?
How do I tell her I want to talk more?
AITA a friend who’s in a relationship talks abt taking shower with me all the time. I ended the friendship.
I (30F) am worried my boyfriend (35M) will easily lie to me too as he did in the past
I don’t know what to think anymore with him what does he want
Should I try to make my marriage work for the sake of my baby?
I broke up (25M) with my girlfriend (22F) more then 17 time
Breakup Looming
Is this justified
Work-home-relationship distance
My sister is going down the same path as my parents. . .
My family doesn't like my boyfriend/potential fiance.
I think I’m in an abusive relationship and I don’t know what to do
I want my clothes back
I literally just want my stuff back
I (28) think I am in love with my boyfriends (30) brother (25)
A letter to my cheating now ex boyfriend (25M)
My family doesn't like my boyfriend/potential fiance.
I don’t know if I’m being abused and I don’t know what to do
My roommate [26M] is beating is wife, I’m [19M] in my room not sure what to do?
I exchanged numbers with my girlfriend late January 2019
My roommate is beating his wife and I’m not sure what to do.
Great Video on Modern Relationships ! j
I am so confused and im messed up. Please help?
I (25f) slept with my work friend(24m) 4 times knowing he had a girlfriend (22f), I can't look at myself in the mirror anymore.
How do I (15F) hang out with my friend (16M) platonically?
I (25f) am getting increasingly annoyed that my boyfriend (24m) doesn't help with any expenses.
I (25f) seriously offended my boyfriend (28m) of 1.5 years
How do I hang out with a guy friend platonically
I slept with my work friend 4 times knowing he had a girlfriend and now can't look at myself in the mirror
How do I tell my friend I don't want to see her anymore?
M(26) Feeling hopeless about my future with regards to relationships.
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (20M) of one year love each other, but our personalities clash a lot. Can we make this work?
He needs time away - is this over for good now. Urgent
Bf (31m) doesn’t recognize how his actions affect me (29f)
My [22F] experiences from my past relationship are having negative affects on my current relationship with my boyfriend [25M]
I (20F) don't know what to do in my relationship with my (22M) SO
My boyfriend send a nude of mine to his friend during sex
Bf (31M) doesn’t recognize how his actions affect me
He needs time away - is this over for good or just a blip. Urgent
Would it be wrong if blocked ex-partners number?
should i ghost my ex?
Guy (34M) is starting to become more insulting to me (26F) and hard to deal with. Advice?
Do I(24F) have a right to be angry at my ex(31M) even though I can't pinpoint why I'm angry?
My (25M) ex (23F) broke up via Instagram and withdraws from any conversation
should i ghost my ex? or should i explain myself
My first love...
[18F] Insecure About Partner Grabbing Me
I(25M) like a girl(24F). She still loves her ex and also knows about my feelings. I don't know what I should do.
I (F19) Missing/Lacking talking with My partner (M20)
I (F19) my partner (M20) very closed off; lacking in talking
Insecure About My Partner Grabbing Me
[17M] Worried about my relationship with my girlfriend because of quarantine [18F]
Is my boyfriend strange? Does he have a skin fetish?
Lacking in talking with my partner
[17M] worried about my relationship with girlfriend [18F]
I [22F] have broken up with my current boyfriend [26M] twice over the course of our relationship and I can tell it hurts him still. How do I help him heal from this?
How do I(M19) break up with someone(F18) because she's insecure without being an asshole?
How do I break up with someone because she's insecure without being an asshole?
Help me !!!
Help me !
My (27M) GF (35F) died 5 months ago. I ended up hanging out with my ex girlfriend platonically afterwards. My GF sister wrote an incredibly nasty post about how horrible I am for 'going back to my ex' after, and implied I was cheating on my GF, and now everybody thinks I am an asshole.
My bf (25M) says he got distracted on his phone while I (25/F) was giving him a blowjob
Help me !!!
Confused about my relationship
Antique
My [19M] mother [44F] has been calling me "unproductive for her" and it's pressing me real bad.
Should i end it?
He doesn’t stay up for me
Me and my gf (both 20f) have crazy different sex drives. Help!
Is my coworker (27M) being nice or flirting on me (23F)?
He doesn’t stay up for me...
I was talking to a girl but I like her twin sister more. (19M)(20F)
Am I overreacting
Confused about my relationship
I (27f) having problems with my SIL (28f)
I'm (22F) considering leaving my boyfriend (23M) of 5 years because of crass "jokes," snippy tone, and past patterns. Am I just being too sensitive and overdramatic or is time to end it?
Emotional debate about BLM morality with SO
What do I do ??
My Ex Is Using My Dog To Pick Up Girls On Dating Apps
[F28]is it normal to feel resentful 3 yrs after broke up? How to stop it?
Is my coworker (27M) being nice or flirting with me (23F)?
Girlfriend's best friend, might have feelings for her and it makes me feel uncomfortable.
I (19,M) think my ex (20,F) is the only one who can help me through this
Healthy break
My (26M) (ex)Girlfriend (26F) of 6 years left - I suspect shes hiding something
I (23f) don’t know how to help my bulimic roommate (26f)
When was the moment you realized you loved them? (16F)
When was the moment you knew you loved them? (16F)
I think my ex is the only one that can help me through this.
When was the moment you knew you loved them?
I’m a public figure [28F] and worry that negative press about me will influence my boyfriend [28M]
Can a relationship work when I'm ambitious (23F) but my boyfriend (23M) is not?
My (26M) Girlfriend (26F) of 6 years left - I suspect shes hiding something
How do I ask for a more finalized thingy?
Driving me crazy
Worried about future of relationship with gf
Is my (23F) relationship with my boyfriend (23M) doomed?
Is my (23F) relationship with my boyfriend (23M) doomed?
I [24M] am having doubts about longevity of relationship with my gf [25M]
why was I not good enough to be his girlfriend
Me (30m) broke contact with my FWB after her hooking up with someone in my friendgroup
My (29 F) mother (60) is dating a possibly child molester and Dirty John 2.0
Afraid to speak to my mother?? (M/F18)
My Brother[19M] and His Girlfriend[19F] Are Celebrating Their 2yr Anniversary
Afraid to speak with my mother??
How can I (22F) stop being nasty to my family?
Boyfriend cheated on me, we’re trying to work it out but I am having a hard time
How do I (22F) stop being nasty to my family?
Is it strange that I still think about her some days
Is it strange that I still think of her most days
Me(30M) broke contact with FWB(25F) after her hooking up with a friend.
I feel like my from doesn’t want or desire me sexually. 30m and 30d
I’m bi F/22 and my boyfriend doesn’t want me to sleepover at my friends
My stepdad (age...idk) like to have the last word and now it's cause a rift in the family. Again.
Physical attraction
Boyfriends (24m) extensive lies
this girl at work has me confused and intrigued
Why am i here
Boyfriends extensive lies (24)
Husband clinging to past
Why did my ex[32M] couldn't forget his uncharming ex despite I[20F] was far better than all of his exes?
My life now.. My recent facebook post for my son's.. For the future..
How the hell am I suppose to just...meet someone?????
How do I stop punishing him?
Boyfriend (23M) often seeks comfort from his female friends rather than me (23F)
HS Girlfriend 28 years later...
Is it a bad idea for my ex (27m) and I (26f) to move in together?
My gf(F18) is making it hard to better my(M19) life
How do I (33F) deal with a coworker who said something ghoulish and horrible (but not fireable)?
My ex is a serial dater, and he still couldnt forget his ex even though I was far better than all of his exes. I found out after a week of dating he even slept with his ex. What is his mind about this? I still dont understand
Difficult to better my life
(33/m)my girlfriend (32f) thinks that i poop on the carpet when i am drunk but it is the dog and she won't believe me
My ex was serial dater, and couldnt forget his ex while dating with me even tho I was way better than all of his exes. I found out early times of our relationship he slept with the ex.
There’s no reason to reach out right? (18 M)
Am I just a hole?
I [26M] don't understand why my girlfriend [26F] won't consider anxiety medication.
Boyfriend (23M) often seeks comfort from his female friends rather than me (23F)
Am I just a hole?
Help...After a drunk hookup with a friend (20F)
Cute date idea for any age!
Cute date idea
Where can I(30F) find good people to date who are not religious?
I [32M] went to prison for 3 months without telling my wife [30F]. She just found out, left me, and I don’t know what to do anymore. Need advice to try and get my life back.
Worried I'll (31F) be tempted cheat on him (30M)
Me (female, 25) boyfriend (male, 27) should we continue to fight for our love?
There’s no reason to reach out right? (18 M)
It’s been almost four months since my break up and I (20F) am still very heartbroken. Is this normal?
(18m MTG timezone) I'm dating a girl (18f EST timezone) online and really struggle with the virtual wall between us.
How to find a mentor when you’re still figuring out your path?
Me (female, 25) boyfriend (male, 27) should we continue to fight for our love?
BF keeps accusing me of causing drama... even though we haven’t fought in months
I think he’s had a girlfriend the whole time. (21F)
I think my (22F) older sister (27F) is rude and attention seeking due to suffering from panic disorder growing up and it has always taken a toll on me. Should I cut off contact with her when I move out soon?
Should I marry a guy after 3 months of knowing him?
My best friend [29F] is upset with me [29F] because she feels that I ruined her engagement.
I broke up with my (18m) boyfriend because I (17m) realised I’m a lesbian. Am I a bad person?
1 year ago...
I broke up with my (18m) boyfriend because I’m (17m) a newly discovered lesbian. Does this make me a bad person?
Old friend / hookup (M Early 20s) made me (F early 20s) feel like s*** about myself, am I over reacting?
Me [25F] with my boyfriend [25M] of 1.5 years, extremely nervous and panicky about moving in with him for a few reasons.
I Think My Mom is Overpunishing My Brother
Should i break up
My bf has his girl best friend coming over to hang out at his house.
Boyfriend of 4/5 months dumped me due to almost losing his job because of covid
Is it normal to masturbate in a relationship?
I (23M) am under an immense amount of pressure. My brother (21M) and mom (56F) make it significantly worse every time I see them. How can I approach this?
Annoyed, confused, tired, feeling used, and over it.
I [23F] fell in love with a guy [27M] that disrespects me on so many levels and need help to forget him.
Is it normal to masturbate in a relationship?
Should I [22F] move back with my toxic mom [39F] to accept a good job opportunity that I’ve been wanting?
Is it normal to masturbate in a relationship?
I texted my ex saying "I miss you"
How did you navigate taking a break during your marriage? Married 10 years. F(28), M(36)
I (23M) feel like I want to end my long, healthy relationship with my GF (23F) What should I do?
How do you believe that what you have is good when all you’ve known is the bad?
How to handle an S.O that likes you more than you like them?
Move with gf or stay for school?
Would I be dumb to try and fix my friendship that ended poorly
Would I be dumb to try and fix a friendship that ended poorly
Should i Break it off?
My boyfriend (M 21) just told me (F 19) that he still thinks about his Ex (F 18)
How did you navigate taking a break during your marriage? Married 10 years. F(28), M(36)
Is Watching porn considered cheating??
Would I be dumb if I want to try and fix a friendship that ended really badly?
How do I deal with first borns?
Little problems have accumulated in my [24M] relationship with my GF [21F], resulting in her feeling hurt and wanting space. What next to fix things?
My significant other and I are going through some tough times...
I love him so much, but no one thinks I should...
My [F19] sister's [F19] ambitions are too big and I don't know how to tell her that
Forever single
Little problems have accumulated in my [24M] relationship with my GF [21F], resulting in her feeling hurt and wanting space. What next to fix things?
Help, it’s been months and I don’t know how to get over my ex and I’m absolutely tired of it
I love him so much... But no one thinks I should.
How did you navigate taking a break during your marriage?
how do you break up with someone during quarantine?
I don’t know how to get out.
Boyfriend (23) dad doesn't want him to marry me?
Is it selfish for me (28F) to break up with my (25M) to focus on myself
Is it selfish for me (28F) to break up with my bf (23M) to focus on myself
I’m [21M] currently engaged to [20F]. We’ve been together for 7 years. I’m not sure if I love her anymore, and I have no good reason to leave her.
Is it wrong for me to not like my friend for dating my crush knowing I liked him?
Any couples here been in a relationship, broke up, but then got back together? 22 female recently dumped
I'm(21F) overthinking my partner's(22M) sexual past and he told me older people don't worry about these things.
How many couples on here broke up then got back together? If so, how long were you broken up for before rekindling?
Lonely boy ghosted by the girl
I [26F] feel like I'm going crazy on the first day of the break from my boyfriend [27M]. It feels like i can't breathe.
I [26F] love my boyfriend [27M] and he needs space. I feel like my heart is breaking as i try not to talk to him.
Cabin Fever Date Night
Cabin Fever Date Night
I (34M) looked at my wife(34F) old photos and regretting it.
I(F27) love my boyfriend(M26) of 6 years. But I don’t know if it’s time for me to leave due to his life decisions.
Cabin Fever Date Night
Cabin Fever Date Night
thinking of sending a message to a guy, need to know if I should or not
My [28m] ex gf [26f] reached out to me after I blocked her for cheating.
My (28f) husband s(29m) good friend is getting married and we don't want to go to his reception because of an unwanted guest
Find myself feeling more and more lonely by the day (because I’m insecure)
I(28f) dont want to go to my husband's (29m) friends wedding party because the woman he cheated on me with would be there too and now his friend is mad at me
I (27M) fell in love with a girl (26F) but she’s married.
Does having a strong personality scare off men?
Why can't I love anyone???
Would this be considered "cheating"? I'm 28f, he's 30m
Why can't I love anyone???
People from Alaska, help me make my girl happy
Promise ring
(23F) confused about relationship (24M)
My BIL keeps calling/texting me about my sisters drinking habits. I don’t know what to do.
I (23F) (24M) is confusing me
Need help with work relationship [33f]
Need help with work relationships [33f]
My BIL keeps calling/texting me to tell me about my sisters drinking habit. He is at his wits end and I don’t know how to help him.
Awkwardness Between Me and Dad After Letter
Long-term relationship dilemma
Boyfriend thinks he can do better. Should I confront him?
Ways to find new friends? (All 16M)
Boyfriend thinks he can do better. Should I confront him about this?
Searching for ways to find new friends.
I just left him. He screamed at me again, called me names again, insulted my appearance again. I feel sick to my stomach & panicked.
My boyfriend (41) cheated on me (29F). Anyone successfully get through this?
Soon to be fiancé (33) insecure that he’s not my (32) first fiancé.
I’m too scared to ask out my crush, what should I do?
Bf told me the only reason he was drawn to me is because I got stuff done and was inspiring, and now Im down and depressed
I left him. He called screamed at me again, called me names again, insulted my appearance again. I feel sick to my stomach & panicked
I think i go crazy about my girlfriend's past
[21 F] Reconnected with my ex crush [22M]. Is there a chance that he might still have interest/feelings in me?
in a pickle
in a pickle
His Secret Obsession
Am I asking for too much from my boyfriend (22M)?
in a pickle
Gypsy boyfriend and racist family
Is it crazy that I want to forgive him?
Long-term relationship dilemma
I QUIT on finding love today
I [M24] feel like my girlfriend [F21] will never be able to give me everything I need
How do I not get discouraged after being single for most of my life
My boyfriend(23M) doesn't want to share stuff from the past.
Career: how did you find your mentor?
I [M24] feel like my girlfriend [F21] will never be able to give me everything I need
How do I not get discouraged after being single for most of my life?
I think i go crazy about my ex past
My boyfriend(23M) doesn't want to share stuff from the past.
Gypsy boyfriend and racist family
I (22F) am getting emotionally dependant to my best friend (20M) and don't know what to do
whats up with my exes mind
I liked my student more than I should
I slept with my work friend knowing he has a girlfriend 4 times. I can't look at myself anymore
My boyfriend of almost 2 years, in my unlicensed opinion, has depression.. I want to keep our relationship alive... A tale of 2 hardships
I slept with my friend during a manic episode, knowing he had a girlfriend.
Boyfriend is no longer social and I feel like less of a person because of it
I liked a student more than I should
Mixed Feelings: Old Friend Got Engaged
I (22F) am getting emotionally dependant to my best friend (20M) and don't know what to do
My girlfriend isn’t interested in sex ever
How do I get my GMA {80sF} to stop commenting on my {NB22} weight OR deal with her commenting on my weight.
I HAD an intimate kind of friendship with a girl who used to be my partner before.
Mixed Feelings: Old Friend Got Engaged
GMA (F80s) comments on weight and puts me (NB22) in a bad mind place. How to get her to stop? How to deal with it?
I [17M] Dont know if I should end things
Mix of Feelings: Just found out an Old Friend is Engaged
When to stop reaching out?
My girlfriend isn’t interested in sex.. what do I do?
ugly divorce
My mom’s leaving my step-dad and I’m not sure how to cut ties with him.
My (22M) gf (22F) and I don’t feel spark after isolation (TL;DR at bottom)
What is the absolute WORST situationship you ever found yourself in?
My boyfriend of 2 years is having mental health issues, and I love him... this is just my story
I [17M] Don’t know if I should end things.
Me [21] with my dad [49] always leads ANY conversation to the same topic no matter what
My boyfriend has mental health struggles, we've been together almost two years, and I think he's the one, you know?
Can't stop thinking about a person that used to love me, I have Anxiety and OCD
Why do people say college/university is usually the last place to make friends?
Why do people say college/university is usually the last place to make friends?
My(25f)older brother(31m) told me he doesn’t believe in spousal rape, and even went so far as to say if my husband raped me he wouldn’t care, and I’m not sure I can speak to him anymore
How Do I Make My Controlling Ex Stop Spreading Rumors About Me?
How do I [25F] tell my friend [27F] to stop sleeping around without hurting her feelings?
Situational Break Up Q (27 F / 27 F)
Situational Break Up Question (27F) / (27F)
I [25F] feel like my fiancé [27M] doesn’t understand how controlling he is.
I want to breakup with my boyfriend but I don’t want to since I’ll be lonely and no one else wants to hangout with me
How do I [21F] not put him [20s M] in the sex zone?
Is he attracted to me?
I (27f) having problems with my sister in law (28f)
I need a second opinion!
I've (19F) been distancing from my best friend (20F) and I don't know how to handle the situation *a bit long*
My (34M) Wife (30F) is mad at me because I showed her a snapchat story of a girl breastfeeding.
I hate my boyfriend but if I break up with him then I’ll be lonely and have no one to hangout with
I can stop to arguing with everyone at work MALE 34
My (34M) Wife (30F) is mad at me because I showed her a snapchat story of a girl breastfeeding.
First sexual relationship. Need step by step instruction to get over the betrayal.
Should I continue to pursue the friendship or leave it to the other person?
Ex-FWB [28M] ignored me [24F] but not really
My (34M) Wife (30F) is mad at me because I showed her a snapchat story of a girl breastfeeding.
Why do girls/women like to be disrespected?
How can I [22F] apologize to him [24M] for leaving him for my ex-BF [27M]?
My [28F] girlfriend [31F] is starting with an eating disorder but wont listen to me when i bring it up.
People who ended a long term relationship to date other people: Did you ever regret it?
Covid has really put a strain on me (20F) and my partner's (18M) relationship.
My best friend (25 M) and I are (23F) in an open relationship but he hasnt been getting hard
What do I do about my crush and his ex girlfriend?
I (24F) found some stuff on my partners (30M) iPad and I don't know if it's me problems or hard red flags.
What do I do about my crush and he s ex?
I (24F) cant work up courage to masturbate in front of bf(25M) and it’s causing some strain
23F Self sabotaging a relationship with 30M and trying to stop
UPDATE: Stumbled upon my SO's pon history
I (24F) found some stuff on my partners (30M) iPad and I don't know if it's something wrong with me or if these are hard red flags. I just don't know.
UPDATE: Stumbled upon my SO's porn history
First sexual relationship. Seeking advice on step by step instruction to deal with betrayal.
I came back with my ex only because I wanted to do her.
Religion is making me consider divorcing my wife.
I (17M) have been ghosting my best friend (17F) because of her obsession with Tom Holland.
Apathy
UPDATE: I stumbled upon my SO's porn history
I came back with my exz for a third time only because I wanted to do her.
Update: Stumbled upon my SO's porn history.
Update: My wife just told me she thinks she’s gay.
Is my (21f) long distance boyfriend’s (22m) behavior normal?
24 M tips from relationships or dating
Group call advice.
I [22M] feel like my friends [21M] [22F] don't really care about me.
God Stuff is icing (has iced?) my feelings toward my SO
[24 M] tips from relationships and dating
My boyfriend is putting strain on my relationship with my mom
Need some advice on group calls.
My boyfriend is causing strain on my relationship with my mom
Another case of roommate and GF overstaying welcome...AITAH?
[24 M] tips from relationship and dating
I told my ex I miss him
My boyfriend won't let me talk to anyone else
Another roommate and his GF issue...NTA?
My (20M) Girlfriend (20F) was told by her neighbour that he masturbated to her whilst she was in the garden.
How can i [20M] improve my relationship with my little sister [10F] ?
Staying friends with an ex
How do you know someone is the right one for marriage ?
My boyfriend (41M) of two years cheated on me (29F) and I’m a single mom (5M).
Hating the Vibrator
Hating the Vibrator
I[22m] really dislike some of my friends
Hating the vibrator
Hating the vibrator
My first ever girlfriend for 3 months lost her feelings in an instant.
Hating the vibrator.
My first ever girlfriend lost her feelings after 3 months in an instant.
I [22 M] feel like my friends [21 M] [21 F] don't really care about me.
I am so in love with my boyfriend but he wants to break up due to religion?
Online love without chemical attraction?
Why does long distance relationship sucks?
My boyfriend [31M] is convinced I [27F] will change my mind about kids in the future (i don't want any). Is it possible I will?
Funny story
My sister and I just fist-fought each other. How do I fix our crumbling relationship?
what are my options?
I [18F] feel like I pressured my previous boyfriend [18M] into kissing me, and I'm not sure if I'm overthinking things.
I need advice, please read and help me.
My BF’s (27M) lack of hygiene is killing our relationship
Wtf do i do?:))
How do I find a serious relationship?
I need relationship advice, please read
M27 left by my 28F ex. Should I be upset
I[f27] worry that my boyfriend [m30] doesn't realise that I am always clearing up after him
I (24F) find it hard to masturbate in front of bf (25M) and it’s causing some strain
I’m happily married, found out my ex has a family now and it hurts. I don’t know how to cope.
I (30M) told my friend (30F) that she was emotionally cheating and now shes upset
My (33F) friend (36F) is using me as an emotional dumping ground
How can i [20M] improve my relationship with my little sister [10F]?
Embarrassed to introduce or be seen with my close friend. Am I a bad person?
How can I navigate my [F, 19] boyfriends [M, 21] constant micro aggressions and untreated bipolar disorder?
My BF’s (27M) lack of hygiene is killing our relationship
Is it okay for your S/O to comment on you not working out?
I’m happily married... found out my ex has a family now and it hurts. I don’t know how to cope.
Embarrassed to introduce or be seen with my close friend. Am I a bad person?
27m considering professional help for lack of relationship experience?
Embarrassed to introduce or be seen with my close friend. Am I a bad person?
Is it okay for your S/O to make comments about you not working out?
My (34F) friend (36F) is an emotional vampire. Looking for advice.
Embarrassed to introduce or be seen with my close friend.
Embarrassed to introduce or be seen with my close friend. Am I a bad person?
how to help my shy gf
Boyfriends best friend
Cripling anxiety causing problems between my fiancee(23F) and me (25M)
Embarrassed to introduce or be seen with my close friend. Am I a bad person?
Crippling anxiety causing problems with relationship between my fiancee(23f) and me(25m)
My [26F] fiancé [29M] dropped the ball on school and finding appropriate employment, so now I'm having second thoughts about moving in with him before our son is born in July/August. How do I approach this conversation?
How do I help encourage my[M25] wife[F24], when she feels insecure about her body image?
How do I help encourage my[M25] wife[F24], when she is feeling insecure about body image?
I [29M] did not keep my promise to my girlfriend[25F], what can I do?
My BFs (27M) lack of hygiene is killing our relationship
I think my [29F] mom [60F] is cheating on my dad, and I think she's lying to me about it.
Is this anger or truly wanting to be done? And did I handle it the right way?
How did you (or your partner) stop 'flirting' with strangers online?
Roommate (24 F) seems angry for no reason at me (25 F). How should I handle this situation?
My sister needs help but she refuses to get it
Should I have a conversation about a possible misunderstanding or let it go?
People who found love after getting their heart broken; what's your story?
Roommate 24(F) seems angry and avoiding me 25(F) and I don't know why. What should I do?
Friend and colleague got promoted over me to be my direct superior
My [28F] roommate [27F] asked the landlord not to renew my lease. I’m not sure if my other housemates [28/29F] are aware. How do I handle it?
Girl at work checking me out a lot, need advice
I [29F] have learned some secrets about my fiancé [29M] and feel like I can’t trust him
How do I (Mid-late 20s M) make peace with the fact that I'm not relationship material?
How do I (Mid-late 20s M) make peace with the fact that I'm not relationship material?
My [26M] girlfriend [23F] slept with someone while on a break. Now she’s back and I don’t know what to do
Need some help understanding “mansplaining”
Me (19M) and gf (19F) break-up, should I give up hope? Should I stay?
Should I (20F) be concerned that my new boyfriend (24M) recently disabled snapchat notification previews?
My (30sF) sister (late 20sF) has always been single. Our family won’t leave it alone.
I (25NB) just broke up (for the first time in my life) with my partner of 3 years (29M).
-Not a relationship (yet?)-Lost cause or should I hit him up?
Polite way to bring up wife's weight
New boyfriend (24M) recently disabled snapchat notification previews
Relational Aggression
My (30sF) sister (27F) has always been single and gets a lot of flack from our family and friends for it. How can I support her?
Bad sign?
Relational aggression
My [26M] girlfriend [23F] slept with someone while on a break. Now she’s back and I don’t know what to do
Friends not supportive - advice?
Afraid of anger
My(30M) fiancé(26f) doesn’t seem to be interested in anything I’m interested in?
Need some help understanding “mansplaining”
Why is it considered bad to be dependent on your partner?
He is ignoring me after coming to me for help?!
Driving myself insane! My girlfriend told me a bit of her past and...
My (18f) boyfriend (20m) of three years isn't happy.
I feel like NOTHING compared to my sister
my (26M) buddy (25M) is makes playing video games unbearable online
Girlfriend [21F] broke up with me unexpectedly. I [20M] really thought she was the one.
Me (19M) and gf (19F) split during quarantine, having mixed feeling
I [31m] found messages between my fiance [29f] and her ex, turns out she was cheating on me two months WHILE we were dating and she wasn't having sex with me because she was hooking up with him.
Need advice on of it's OK to see/hang out with multiple girls if no explicit relationship has been established with any of them?
My sexual past bothers my boyfriend
Need advice on if it's OK to see/hang out with multiple girls if no explicit relationship has been established with any of them?
What to do with fiance not touching me anymore?
how to stop being friends with someone!?
How do I (22F) bring up to my mom (55) that I think she has ADHD or ADD?
My GF (32F) argued with me (27F) on sleeping ten minutes past when I said I was going to wake up on the same day my grandpa was admitted to the hospital
My boyfriend [21] and I [22] almost broke up last night
I (25M) went digging in my girlfriends (24F) iPad and found stuff I didn’t want to see
My (32F) sister (21) is jealous of how close I am with our half brother (38)
I feel like I'm always on my husband's schedule
My (F,24) ex’s (m 24) side chick (f 21) said he treated her better than me.. should I believe her? It’s making me insecure
I feel like I'm always on my husband's schedule
My wife and I had an argument yesterday and I don’t understand it at all.
My (32F) sister (21) is jealous of my relationship with our half brother (38)
What In The World Do I [16F] Do?
Gf (23) still has pictures from previous relationships and it bothers me (M&F 23)
My best friend [F26] and I [M26] have reconciled and talking about exploring a serious relationship, the problem is there's another girl [F26]. Not sure what to do in this situation.
27m considering professional help with lack of relationship experience?
Me (19M) and my gf (19F) of 7 months recently split due to quarantine distancing us
I (25F) have no idea as to how I can comfort my overthinker friend (25F).
Girlfriend (21F) feels like I (23M) don’t want to see her, but I feel like she can’t be happy on her own.
Does she miss him?
why does my [f20] ex [m20] still add me on things? guy perspective?
How would you describe love to someone whose never experienced it?
How should I behave?
How would you describe love to someone whose never experienced it?
Any advice on how to comfort my friend who's an overthinker?
Yesterday it came out that I (20M) don’t really like having intercourse with my gf (19F)
Me [25 M] with my girlfriend [26 F] of 1 year, have conflicting desires due to work and coronavirus
Is it to going to be a painful question?
22(M) told me 21(F) he doesn’t know what he wants and is scared of ‘caring’
Think my bf logged into my account
My BF (M25) appreciates more easily other people than me (F24)
My (21F) girlfriend doesn’t have any hobbies, and I’m (23M) her main source of entertainment.
Seeking input and experiences from those who chose to stay with an alcoholic partner.
My girlfriend (26) is being impatient with me because I have to go to work with coronavirus going on.
Think my bf logged into my account?
My BF (M25) easily appreciates other people than me (F24)
My 22(F) partner (23M) can’t put me before his mom.
I cant bring myself to wake up because in my dreams today, I’m still with the first person who truly knocked me off my feet
My [26/m] friend [26/f] has accepter her ex's [?/m] friend request and I'm worried that she will get hurt again?
Do you guys think it’s weird to cuddle a lot with a FWB?
Have you ever been with a boyfriend that appreciates more easily other people than you?( Except for phisycal reasons)
I [20F] had a talk with my boyfriend [22M] about sleeping with other people. He says he might want to in the future but I don’t.
My (21F) friend (20F) is seeing a married man
My (32F) boyfriend (31M) is unstable and I think I'm at a breaking point
I [24M] broke things off with my best friend [24F] that I'm in love with. Did I make the right call?
I (21f) don't want to share a room with my brother (9)
Boyfriend hasn’t been acting like he cares and quarantine is making it worse.
I [22F] told the guy I’m seeing [25M] that I’m uncomfortable with having sex so soon, and he suggested that I see a therapist to resolve the issue. Not sure if he’s manipulating me.
Cant get over a crush
I (21f) feel guilty about asking for privacy
I [22F] told the guy I’m seeing [25M] that I’m uncomfortable with having sex so soon, and he suggested that I see a therapist to resolve the issue. Not sure if he’s manipulating me.
I (18M) have a crush on my friends (21M) girlfriend (20F) and I don’t know what to do about it.
I (18M) have a crush on my friends (21M) girlfriend (20F) and I don’t know what to do about it.
What should I do if my partner is slowly losing interest in me?
My (22M) disgusting roommate (22m)
I (27M) told my gf (28F) we could introduce roleplay into the bedroom and it's become a nightmare
Me [30s M] with my GF [30s F], how do I talk to her about propper dishwashing?
Me (27m) and my fiancé (25f) have been engaged for 3 months have maintained financial independence throughout our relationship (5 years), but have said we intend to combine everything at marriage.
Why has my [26/m] friend [26/f] accepted her ex’s [?/m] friend request?
Lack of sleep affecting relationship?
Does my boyfriend's sister like me?
I feel guilty for cutting off my best friend
Lack of sleep affecting relationship?
Me [30F] with my fiance [30M] engaged for 9 months, he wants to speed up the wedding because of COVID immigration bans & I'm not ready - relationship now falling apart
I (27M) told my gf (28F) we could introduce roleplay into the bedroom and it's become a nightmare
My parents keep insisting that I'll change my mind about not wanting to have children
Ex-FWB [28M] ignored me [24F] but not really
Does my fiancé’s sister [16F] like me [22F]?
Eight Dates - a lived experience?
My (29M) roommate (28F) is regressing slightly in her career and I'm finding it hard to be sympathetic to her melodramatic response
Is it okay for me [26/F] to ask my friend(s) [25/F] to *not* encroach upon my new craft hobby/side hustle if I'm bothered rather than flattered?
My[30F] boyfriend[34M] is constantly hit on, doesn't see it, how do I stop letting it bother me so much??
bf has 18+ discord
Me [19F] decided to break up with my ex [19M] because I think it was toxic, but now I feel guilty.
How do I (M26) moveout/breakup with my girlfriend (F26) of 3 years during quarantine?
My [25F] boyfriend [25M] had dating apps on his phone, then got into massive argument with me. I am unsure if I should give him a second chance.
Me [19F] decided to leave my now ex [19] because it was getting toxic, but I feel like I might be wrong.
How can I (m20) do something nice for my wife (f20)?
Why am I [17M] so pathetic with girls when all of my friends are super good with girls and can get anyone they want?
My (f19) boyfriend (m20) brother (m25) is interfering with our 4 year relationship.
bf has 18+ discord account...what should I think
Parents' obsession with academics is destroying our relationship (18M)
I feel like my boyfriend’s older brother is trying to control our relationship.
Why am I [17M] so pathetic with girls?
How do I {26F} tell my boyfriend {27M} that I'm ready to take our relationship to the next level and get engaged without freaking him out?
(20F) Dealing with toxic issues at home, wanting to quit my job due to safety concerns, huge fight with mom over it
What am I [17M] so pathetic with girls my age?
[20f] What to do with Sentimental things from my ex [22]
why am I so pathetic with girls?
I (20M) fell like my best friend (19M) is no longer my best friend.
I [M26] am arguing with my GF[F24] about our current weight/diet, not sure if she's happy with 'us' anymore.
Menti e me dei mal
I (20M) fell like my best friend(19M) is no longer my best friend
Should I make contact?
why does my [f20] ex [m20] still add me on social media?
Update: How do I [29M] get over my unrequited feelings for my online friend [27F]?
why does my [f20] ex [m20] still add me on social media?
I (16m) don't know if I should be worried about the actions of my maybe-girlfriend (16f).
How to get my girlfriend engaged in our conversations?
Every time I get in any argument with my gf she calls her family to stab me in the back. I never do this to her. Would You all consider this backstabbing?
Should I contact her or leave it?
My dad cheated on my mum
I[M17]am tired of my mom[F42]verbally/emotionally abusing me and i want to move out and live with my grandparents.
How do I [30 M] get my girlfriend [23F] to lose weight (Please read before judging)
Trying to leave 21M 21F
Trying to leave (21M) (21F)
My dad has been cheating on my mum
I found out my (21F) best friend (unsure lol) has been lying about her age?
20M 18F. Girlfriend broke up with me, confused as to what to do.
I [17M] am being emotionally/verbally? abused by my mother[42F] and I want to move out and live with my grandparents.
How do I ask him that
Why can't i (M23) get over a girl (F22) i basically turned down? I feel pretty dumb for lingering on it.
I have told 2 girls I love them and I don’t know what to do.
20M 18F. Girlfriend broke up with me, confused as to what to do.
My (24F) boyfriend (23M) doesn't compliment me
My dad has been cheating on my mum
I love 2 girls but they are friends.
My [24F] boyfriend [23] barely compliments me. Does anyone else get frustrated by this?
So there are these 2 girls who are friends and I like them both and I’ve stated that to each individually what do I do now I have to hurt one to pick the other :/
I [26M] am madly in love with my girlfriend [25F] but her depression is too much for me.
Suddenly feeling like we're incompatible because I'm right brained and he's left brained
I(27M) am starting to think my relationship with my girlfriend(25F) of a year is not right for me but don't know what to do
I cant being myself to wake up because in my dreams today, I’m still with the first person who truly knocked me off my feet
I (24f) feel like I might be staying in a relationship with my boyfriend (23m) because he 'looks good on paper'
Is it wrong that I [27M] slept with my friend [27F] while not tell my girlfriend right away? [27F]
I (24f) feel like I might be staying in a relationship with my boyfriend (23m) because he 'looks good on paper'
Need some advice 🙏
Breaking up after almost a decade during quarantine: should we? Or can we work it out?
My girlfirend (24) went to study with a guy.
Girlfirend [23] study with a guy in his home
issues w/ mom’s bf
My girlfirend (24) went to study with a guy in his home
Confused with Ex, not sure what to do! (Repost with details)
I (18M) live right now with my Sister (26F), her husband (29M) and my nephews and...
My girlfriend [24F] keeps posting pictures on her underwear and I'm [23M] not sure of how to stop being uncomfortable with it
I've (19F) been ignoring my best friend (20F) for a few days because I don't feel supported, what should I do?
I met my girlfriend in February 2019
How do I moveout/breakup with my girlfriend during quarantine?
I live right now with my Sister, her husband and my nephews and...
How do you deal with divorced parents at events or family gatherings?
My Gf (20F) and I (23M) found out we may have an expiration date because of our career paths.
I met my girlfriend February 2019
How do I move out and breakup with my abuser during quarantine?
Just cut off an emotional manipulator. Any advice?
How do you deal with divorced parents at events or family gatherings?
I believe my brother (20y) is dealing with psychosis, he won’t sleep and I don’t know how to help.
Need to take this off my chest
I need to let this off my chest
Should I talk to him about an engagement before we invest?
I (18F) don't know whether I should text/call the guy I like (19M)
Need Advice on Absent Parent Re-entering Picture
My boyfriend is starting to act like he does not care and quarantine has not helped.
Ex and I cuddled ; I want to date someone new
First Heartbreak, did I do the right thing?
How to Kindly End a Relationship with Friends Connected to Ex?
Ex bf and I cuddled
I (20F) feel like my boyfriend (22M) would leave me. I also feel like this could all be in my head.
Getting closer as friends
My boyfriend does not seem to care anymore and quarantine has made it a lot worse.
Chatting with escorts
My GF does not prioritize me or put effort into our relationship. We haven't seen each other in 2 months due to COVID and she doesn't seem to be as interested in seeing me as I do her
Progressing a friendship
I’m worried
official r/love discord server guys
I’m worried
I’m worried.
Wedding Planning Stress and Strained Relationships
First Heartbreak during quarantine please help :(
I (37F) don’t know if I should break up with my BF (39) because I don’t like his relationship with his ex
I [21F] can’t tell if I’m interested in him [23M] or just see him as a friend.
How does an (18+M) or an (18+F) find being short and calling people daddy attractive?
I have become my girlfriend’s caretaker. I love her but I can’t do this anymore.
Obsessing over RS
I (F20) need help figuring out my boyfriend (M21)
My girlfriend [30F] is annoyed with me [38M] for asking for rational explanations, claiming I should "just trust her".
Ex Girlfriend from 5 years ago sents you a friend request
I (16F) am considering breaking up with my boyfriend (16M) but am afraid that I'm just overreacting over minor problems.
My BF (29M) is resentful and distant in quarantine; am I (35F) selfish for asking for more quality time?
We want to see each other more often, but how?
Friend of 8 years ghosted me after I lost my job.
Obsessing over my RS
I feel insecure (22F) compared to my perfect sister (20F) and it’s ruined our relationship
First relationship problem
Finding short people attractive
Long distance for over 4 years... Losing interest
I love a famous girl
I (F20) need help figuring out my boyfriend (M21)
Best relationship Advice?
Help ! My GF doesnt want to marry me because I paused
[I am heartbroken]
Bf (29) told me (30) my weight gain is an issue in our sex life
Not getting unemployment benefits because of a wealthy boyfriend
(m)26, looking for advice on how to be good to and loving unconditionally towards my partner (f)24. What is the most important thing in nurturing a healthy relationship?
I'm overthinking constantly (21F) about my boyfriends sexual past (22M) and he told me older people don't overthink these things.
What do I(17F) do about my boyfriends(20M) creepy and rude brother 21/22M)?
I (M19) feel like I haven't loved anyone and am worried I can't love my girlfriend (F19)
I (M19) feel like I haven't loved anyone and am worried I can't love my girlfriend (F19)
For those of you with successful relationships. How do you do it?
What do I(17F) do about my boyfriends(20M) creepy brother(21/22M)?
Why can't I love anyone?
Is it normal to hate everything related to an ex
18 year old son wants to quit school do I let him
I think it’s time to be set free.
Unemployed and living with a wealthy partner - what to do?
Looking for a woman’s perspective on this!!!
I (26F) have been having issues with my coworker (32F) changing my schedule with my supervisor (56F) and I'm getting tired of it.
What to do? Unemployment when having a wealthy partner
My (28m) Girlfriend (26f) has a weird obsession with my balls. She likes to hit my balls and watch me in pain and she just can't stop doing it.
"Should I tell my (20m) gf (21f) of 8 months about my experimental past
please help me i am suffering and need advice...
Doubts....can they be overcome?
please help me i’m suffering. (please no negativity)
Craving attention from my boyfriend and feeling lonely. We [20F 27M] live together and work from home.
Boyfriend gets upset by things I say
How much time do you spend with your S.O?
Should I force my 18 year old to finish school
Me [31/F] with my bf [33/M] of 5 months; should I get him something for Father's Day?
Help me stop being jelly
Me (24M) not sure whether to break up with (24F) girlfirend.
My [27] boyfriend [33] recieves calls from sexy-sounding unknown female 2:00-6:00 a.m.
My (m21) girlfriend (f19) got the idea from a tweet to begin deleting letters of my name on my contact until she will eventually break up with me.
Help me stop being jelly
Roommate question
Roommate question
I (25F) stole a group photo of an ex from my roommate (26F)
I (25F) stole a group photo from my roommate (26F)
I have a crush on my best friends girlfriend and I don’t know what to do about it.
My [23F] twin brother [23M] is in jail, and my parents don't want to help him post bail or come to his arraignment. They're probably right, but I feel like we're all abandoning him
My girlfriend [24F] asked me [25M] to leave the house we have been living in for the past 2 months in quarantine
My [23F] twin brother [23M] is in jail, and my parents don't want to help him post bail or come to his arraignment. They're probably right, but I feel like we're all abandoning him
My (19F) relationship & communication with my boyfriend (20M) and my sexuality. Is it me or my sexuality?
My girlfriend [24F] wants me [25M] to leave the house we have been living for the past 2 months in quarantine
Please help! Been living with partners family during quarantine, now I want to give them some kind of gift or present - but I don't know what to give?
couple torn on housing and other problems
My mother [58F] molested me [28M] and my brother [23M] when we were toddlers. I'm breaking with her, but he defends her
My girlfriend [F23] lied to me [M21] about previous sexual encounters
I [22F] had group sex with close friend [18M] and a few other guys. Do I still have a chance with [18M] after?
Don’t want to be sexual with long term bf
couple torn on housing and other problems
My (19F) relationship & communication with my boyfriend (20M) and my sexuality. Is it me or my sexuality?
I’m worried.
My Best Friend (22F) is sabotaging my wife (27F) and I's (21F) relationship, what should I do?
My (21M) coworker (21F) and I shared an intimate hug, is there any meaning to it?
I [19M] feel stressed and anxious around my girlfriend all the time [18F], what should I do
My(18F) boyfriend (21M) sent me a spin mop.
My boyfriend sent me a mop
I [19M] feel stressed and anxious all the time with my girlfriend [18F], what should I do?
Why do Couples Fight?
BF (M28) upset with me (F24)because I want to move away to a new job, new life
BF (M28) upset with me (F24)because I want to move away to a new job, new life
I hate my girlfriend so much but I have never loved her more
I feel so empty and worthless and hate my girlfriend so badly but I love her more than ever please help
I'm (28m) dating a sex worker (26f)
How are those of you in long-distance relationships keeping together through this? [M20] [F18]
I'm (28m) dating a sex worker (26f)
Need a little help with Girlfriends past
What should I (M/23) be doing dating wise during this time?
My partner [14nb] is encouraging me [16M] to hook up with our mutual friend [15F]
My (22M) friend (23M) will never stop talking about a project of his to the point its frustrating
How are those of you in long distance relationships keeping together? [M20] [F18]
The problem with dating in this generation
Partner (24M) knows he wants kids in the future and I (23F) am leaning towards not wanting a family. How do we move forward?
Was my past relationship toxic and if so any advice on how to recover most of myself from it?
My partner [14nb] is encouraging me [16M] to have relations with our mutual friend [15F]
My (23F) Boyfriend (35M) won’t let me have an Instagram
How are those of you in Long-Distance relationships keeping your spirits up?
My (21F) Boyfriend (20M) straight up ignores me throughout the day
My girlfriend (F21) told me secrets I basically had to dig up for myself (M22) to know and we’ve been together for about 7 months now. Also theirs sex issues too
Confused about Relationship with Ex
Situs Poker Online Terpercaya Di Indonesia l Generasipoker
Wife (F32) wants to divorce me (F29)
Intrusive dreaming about a past relationship while in a new one
I (37m) stopped seeing someone (30f) when I found out they were pursuing their ex. Is my mind in the right place?
Wife (F32) wants to divorce me (F29)
Me (17M) and my friend (15F), almost stopped talking to each other after a HUGE misunderstanding.
Sex problems and a bunch of secrets that I finally now know about!!!
Feeling anxious, wanna hear some nice things. What are the green flags your partner has given you?
What are the green flags your partner gave you?
My [23/F] boyfriend [22/M] always asks me to help with money. I feel used. Am I right?
My (F,24) ex’s (m 24) side chick (f 21) said he treated her better than me.. should I believe her? It’s making me insecure
I [20M] dreamt a sexual dream about my friend [20F] of 5 years and now I’m attracted to her.
Do you think I did the right thing by telling off my cousin?
My [ 23/F] boyfriend [22M] always asks me to help with money. I feel used. Am I right ?
I (27M) reached out to ex who dumped me by text after 6 months no contact. She slept with other men. I don't know if I love her the same anymore.
Me (17M) and my friend (15F), almost stopped talking to each other after a HUGE misunderstanding.
My (30f) husband (30m) recently made a couple guy friends and now hangs out way too much imo, am I overreacting?
Am I (31F) being too demanding if I want my boyfriend (29M) to text me everyday?
[M19] trying to get my girlfriend [F19] to disconnect from creepy dude she knows, but she doesn't think she can
I (27M) reached out to my ex (24F) 6 months after she dumped me by text. I'm not sure I still love her.
Am I (31F) being too demanding if I want my boyfriend (29M) to text me everyday?
My mom didn’t visit me in the hospital when I was 5 and it’s bothering me now
How much time does a girl need before having sex with her bf?
Me (17M) and my friend (15F) almost stopped talking to each other because of a GIANT misunderstanding. Were any of us wrong, or just confused?
Am I [23m] heartless for wanting to distance myself from my family?
How much time does a girl need before having sex with her bf?
Trusting the relationship strength.
im 21 m and my is 19 f i just fount out shes in in a hentai lover discord (yeah idk its 2020)
Am I [23m] heartless for wanting to strongly distance myself from my mostly well-meaning family?
My girlfriend and her exes
Should I (21F) try to establish a relationship with my estranged father (50'sM)?
My new girlfriend and her exes
Getting jealous when my GF (21) mentions my friend (22)
Jealous with my GF (22) for getting excited whenever my friend comes up
A good friend of mine (F19) admitted she had feelings for me and my boyfriend (M22) wants me to cut her off
I pushed him away
I(22) Jealous with GF (22) who gets excited with my friend
Tinder
Is My Friend Into Me?
I pushed him away
My BF (35M) called me (20F) by his ex's name
I (19F) broke up with my boyfriend (19M) even though we both still care for each other dearly. I need help.
I need a guys perspective. Does the guy I’ve gone on 3 dates with feel rejected?
Am I right to be upset by how he treated me?
so my girlfriend of 16 months and i broke up which i feel was due to becoming long distance and i’m not fully sure how to feel given the situation
Should I confront him or use this as ammunition in our next fight?
He split up with me
not sure how to feel
My Bf 35M called me 20F by his ex's name
My ex hacked my account and sent himself messages under a random girls phone number
Is it normal that my (23F) bf (21M) always spends the night when he’s out with friends?
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) has become less verbally affectionate within the past few months
I (m34) would love it if my boyfriend (m48) could apologize.
I (26f) am falling for my roommate(26m)
My girlfriend (18F) and me (18M) got caught by her Asian parents that don't want her dating.
How do I win my bf (20)'s trust after I (19) lied
Jealous with GF
Anger in a relationship
Why do I (23F) have a hard time watching him (23M) go?
Why would he (29m) show such strong interest to me (25f) & suddenly stop responding?
I (31M) am in a marriage of convenience and falling in love with my wife (30F)
Feel like a terrible person after he pointed this out
Me (22 F )with my (Fiance 26 M) 8 months, regret leaving my ex and becoming engaged in such a short period of time. I am lost
is it okay to break up with my boyfriend because i need to work on myself?
Why do I (23F) have such a hard time watching him (23M) leave?
Can Sexual Orientation Change?
Why is it so hard for me to watch him leave?
I don’t know what to dooooo
Can sexual orientation change?
Does being a womanizer have any benefits? Or only underlying issues?
How do you initiate sex talk online without it being creepy?
GF told me she doesn’t love me yet. Now she is gone.
Fear of being alone forever
I am (20F) in a depressed state and my boyfriend (20F) knows about it too, but he acts like he doesn't care and it's like he's trying to avoid me.
I (31M) am in a marriage of convenience and falling in love with my wife (29F)
Is My Boyfriend Being Rude Or Am I Just Sensitive?
How do you initiate sex talk online without it being creepy?
Is My Boyfriend Rude Or Am I Just Sensitive?
I think my boyfriend stole the keys to my secret apartment!
Losing virginity then dumping him?
Was it wrong for me [26F] to tell my friend [25M] that I need to take a break from talking to him for a couple of days?
Is there any benefits to multiple sexual partners?
I [30F] really want to reconnect with my former best friend. I really miss her.
[16M] I feel sad because due to the Coronavirus, I’ve realized I don’t have many friends at all, if any.
My (32) son's (6) Nanny (44) relapsed on alcohol and I need help writing a short note to her to facilitate a conversation about this problem and how it will effect both her health and her role as our nanny
How can I determine if I am experiencing Love or Jealousy?
Suicidal Sister Taking Toll on My Parents
How can I tell if I am experiencing love or jealousy
Baaad Breakup Behavior
Me (26M) and my girlfriend (28F) of two years don't see eye to eye on resolving problems before bed
Step father advise
Deciding if I [23M] should leave my [22F] gf to move back with parents or stay with her
New Roommate - Behavioural Questions
Co-worker (?/f) keep trying to have a long drag out conversation with me (35/m)
New Roommate - Behavioural Question
He's exhibiting shady behavior
Fiancé flipped out at incident that happened over 1 year ago
Promise ring
I (22f) don’t feel comfortable with my fiancé’s (26m) drinking/smoking habits anymore. What should I do?
My (21f) friend(22f) is a toxic girlfriend to her partners and has no idea that she is the problem
Promise ring
Suicidal sister taking a toll on my parents
My boyfriend (19M) makes insensitive jokes/comments that would make me (20F) jealous
Me [23 F] have a bad habit of crying tears to try (subconsciously) to get attention, love, and sympathy. And I find it hard to control the tears
Obscene & Absurd Breakup Behavior
My (21f) friend(22f) is a toxic girlfriend to her partners and has no idea that she is the problem
Don't know how to support my(22f) depressed partner (30~)
My (23F) ex-boyfriend (23M) wont return my things after the breakup
I(m29) never expected to be tempted away from my wife(f40) toward another woman(f26).
I(m29) never expected to be tempted from my wife(f40) toward another woman(f26)
Boyfriend won’t stop liking girls pictures on Insta. Am I crazy for being bothered by this ?
Is it possible for me to forgive my boyfriend for making out with my then-best-friend and lying about it for 6 months while I got kicked out of my old friend group for no apparent reason until I found out they almost slept together?
What counts as an “ex” to you?
Boyfriend won’t stop liking girls pictures even tho I’ve expressed to him before that I’d rather him not
My (24F) brother (23M) is an unhelpful manchild whom I'm forced to live with and possibly estranged for life now. Idk what to do.
I [27M] need help with my [30M]girlfriend who is depressed and graduating school without any job prospects right now and no other support network besides me.
My [24M] girlfriend [22F] says she MIGHT want to be non-monogamous in the future but isn't sure. Confused on what to do from here.
I'm incredibly bored in my relationship.
I never expected to be tempted like this.
Sensitive Topic
Is it common for someone my age (28F) to have such a lackluster love life?
I'm incredibly bored in my relationship.
Should I let go of my boyfriend after he flirted and made out with my best friend a year ago?
Is it normal for someone like me (28F) to have such a lackluster love life?
Long distance?
Can I talk to my best friend about her own anxious attachment issues without letting mine get in the way?
How do I deal with pressure to move home?
Long Distance?
My GF [30F] is depressed, going into more debt for graduate school, and doesn't have a support network finically outside of me. I am becoming brought down with her, and I don't know what to do.
Long Distance?
Roommate(f26) constantly makes me feel rejected with her behavior, I (f25) am not sure how to cope or approach her anymore to resolve this and it's causing me to feel uncomfortable in my own home.
Sensitive Conversation
Can I talk to my best friend about her anxious attachment issues without letting my own get in the way?
Older sister is mentally draining me
Breaking up w/ live in BF during quarantine
PHEW!
Told my (23 F) co worker/ good friends (25 F) secret to a guy I was seeing at work. It got back to her months later and blew up. How can I resolve this?
I [20M] have an unhealthy obsession with my friend [20F]
I [20M] have an unhealthy obsession with my friend [20F]
Obsessed with Friend
I (21/F) shut down from SO (24/M) when upset and need time to process my feelings, but this is stonewalling/emotionally abusive. How do I stop?
Why do I feel relief?
problems with mom’s boyfriend
Should I (20F) be upset at my boyfriend (21M)?
I (21/F) shut down from SO (24/M) when upset and need time to process my feelings, but this is stonewalling/emotionally abusive. How do I stop?
How do I deal with my family pressuring me to move home?
Should I (20F) be upset at my boyfriend (21M)??
Should I be upset ??
Should I [26M] forgive him despite everything he [26M] done to me?
How can I stop sabotaging every healthy relationship that I have?
Should I go back to my marriage or just drive off
How should I (29F) treat my ex’s new girlfriend (23F) we work together
I [26M] don't want to forgive my dying bully [26M] yet.
How should I treat my ex’s new girlfriend?
What should I do?
My boyfriend (20m) keeps telling me (19f) he wants me to get rid of my arm hair and now I’m very insecure and hurt.
Should I bother fixing this marriage
Thank you Reddit Community for Virtually Slapping Me [27F] in the Face to Assist in Moving Away from my Unfaithful & Troubled Ex- SO [34M]
[19F] and [19M] dating without our friends knowing, I'm afraid they will ruin it
Me [18 F] and a good friend [18 M] are having a hard time reconnecting. I miss our friendship, but I don't know what to do.
[19F] and [19M] dating without our friends knowing, I'm afraid they'll ruin it
Extreme trust issues and concerns right now
Extremely suspicious and lost trust for girlfriend.
انا شاب في 20 من عمري ولا امتلك صديقه 💔
I learnt to prevent myself from catching feels
What should I do?
Me [23 F] with my _bf?__ [29 M ] Insecure about my current relationship.
My boyfriend (20m) keeps telling me (19f) he dislikes my arm hair and now I’m very insecure...
Should I (22m) leave a note?
Introducing myself
My roommates (NB 25, F24) are forcing a disabled puppy into our small apartment
Older sister is mentally straining me
My Roommates (NB25, F24) are forcing a disabled puppy in to our small apartment.
When was the moment you realize you were in an phsycologicall and emotional abusive relationship?
Stupid grocery shopping
After a fight I (29F) had with my closest friend/roommate (35F), wherein she was condescending and accusatory, I am re-assessing our friendship. Am I being harsh?
My GF [F32] has been acting out of character and gets extremely mad when I bring it up [I'm M30]
My friends think my (32F) husband (38M) sexualizes me too much and is a perv. I don't mind and I do enjoy it and feel flattered but is it a red flag?
Stupid grocery shopping drama
Jealous older sister with problems of her own,what should I do?
My fiance (m27) and I (f36) are planning a wedding and just dropped $10,000 (all his savings) on a car. Now I’m worried about our future.
Is it fair of me, (25F) to ask my boyfriend (24M) of 3 weeks to split the cost of my new IUD?
Anyone else had family pressure them to move home?
My (F,24) ex’s (m 24) side chick (f 21) said he treated her better than me.. should I believe her?
Is it a bad sign that I’m [F25] relieved about my partner [M25] moving away?
Older sister problems
Should I be worried that my boyfriend is much more popular than me, and what should I do about it?
I (35F) am considering telling my crush (49M) that I'm interested in him but unsure if he already let me down easy?
Should I be worried that my boyfriend is much more popular than me, or am I just being paranoid?
My [25F] mom [43F] knows I'll forgive her for things and takes advantage of the fact. How can I fix this?
My [24F] boyfriend [23M] never calls me hot
My [25F] mom [43F] knows I'll forgive her for things and keeps taking advantage of it. How do I fix this?
I (35F) considering telling my crush that I'm interested in him (49M), but unsure if he already let me down?
Ranch thief?
My [21F] friends keep body-shaming My Boyfriend [24M]
Women with bf /husband who has another female best friend, how did it turn out
Should I tell my (20m) gf (21f) of 8 months about my experimental past
My GF [F34] has been acting strange [M31] and just gets extremely mad when I bring it up.
My husband [30/M] and I [30/F] seem to have trouble forming friendships over the last few years
My [25F] boyfriend [24M] never calls me hot, but calls other women hot all the time
why can’t I move on from my Ex?
Step-dad gives me bad vibes
The L-Word
BF made a comment I found rude but I don’t know if I’m overreacting
How to respond- My (35) Mother (75) wants me to talk to my emotionally abusive brother (44)
Is boyfriend’s mom overbearing?
Relationship Advice and Crossroads
My [21m] girlfriend [22f] constantly puts things in the fridge that do not be refrigerated at all which takes up space for other things that do need to be cold.
[F26] I can't tell if my "boyfriend" [24M] is being mean or I'm sensitive.
I [M] feel like I won’t be able to afford nice vacations for my girlfriend
Ex-Girlfriend Got with Ugly Guy
Has anyone here ever started from scratch with a former partner?
How should I (19F) deal with my ex-crush (21) contacting me?
My [21m] girlfriend [22f] constantly puts things in the fridge that do not be refrigerated at all which takes up space for other things that do need to be cold.
Boyfriend’s mom drives me crazy
Is My(22) Husband(29) a mama boy? And what should/can I do?
Redditors who have used the “No Contact Rule” in hopes of getting back with their ex, did it work? What’s the story?
I [19F] don't have a relationship with my Dad [43M], BUT he's strongly present in my life. How do i work on building a relationship with my Dad?
Is My (22) Husband (29) a mama boy? And what should/can I do with it?
My [F28] friend [F27] has been unpleasant to me for years and I want to confront her before ending the friendship. What should I do?
A fling turned into a real romantic connection, but she got scared and backed away.
My [F28] friend [F27] has been treating me poorly and I am thinking about confronting her over it. What should I do?
My(26M) sister(21F) has become BFFs with my GF(26F) and it's irritating
My (22M) nurse crush (24F) suddenly stopped replying to my message but acts strange in real life what should I do?
Is my (22) husband (29) a mama boy? And what should/can do? Please Help!!
How do I get my mom and grandma on board?
How to help insecure twin (16)
I've (24M) been having some strange problems with my girlfriend (26F) of 6ish months and need some outside opinions on what to do. How do I proceed?
Just found out my (37f) boyfriend (35m) has been frequently hanging out with his secret/mentally ill ex-wife (33F) behind my back the whole time we’ve been dating and lying about it. Where do I go from here?
I (23F) am still insecure in my one year old relationship
My girlfriend don't want to have sex anymore
How can I show him I love him?
Why can’t I (29M) move on from my toxic ex-friend?
My girlfriend [22F] is upset I [23M] had sex in another relationship
I think I'm going to get dumped.
New BF [M36] of 1 year takes me [42F] for granted after I moved for him and look after his kid
My mum and I (20F) have not spoken in 4 days, we're living under the same roof
I (20F) haven't spoken to my parents in 4 days, living under the same roof
I feel like my boyfriend avoids having sex with me
My [27M] girlfriend [28F] beats me and I can't tell her to stop.
Contacting my ex's ex
Is it so much to ask that my (22f) bf (22m) asks me how my day was
My boyfriend [M28] gives me [F26] a curfew. Is this normal relationship behavior?
Am I (F/16) being unreasonable with my Bf(M/15)
I (16M) broke up with my ex (16F) three months ago, became friends, but it turns out I'm not over her yet and I don't know what to do.
Girlfriend [21F] is upset I [22M] had sex in the past.
My best friend tells her boyfriend everything I tell her
Why do they always tell the same lies?
I (f 23) want to break up with my boyfriend (m 22) but makes me upset to think about it because I also want to stay with him.
I [18/M] think my ex girlfriend [20/F] wants to hook up with me after not seeing her for a while?
Me (f 24) and my boyfriend’s (m 23) relationship is not the same anymore.
I want to love my boyfriend again.
Unsure if I’m (F/16) being unreasonable
My girlfriend (20F) isn’t comfortable with me (21M) having female friends and wants me to cut contact with my best friend (21F)
Should I tell my parents about my delusional sister? I think she needs help?
Deciphering a work crush
I love my bf and we are great together but..
My (25F) mom (56F) is always overly-critical or questioning of my plans, making me feel guilty or wrong for doing anything with friends or SOs. How can I overcome these feelings?
I love my bf and we are great together but...
My roommate (24F) and I (22F) and I were good friends before moving in together, but over the past year I’ve grown to resent her and not sure if I even want to be friends with her anymore or can even stand living with her anymore.
I (22F) feel guilty and ashamed for being cheap for my friend’s (23F) wedding
How to tell my fuck buddy I don’t want to date
Deciphering the work crush
My (M20) gf (F19) says i “need to start trusting” her, despite her giving me every reason to NOT trust her.
confused, this lack of closure or explanation is driving me (24f)insane
Need advice please
My (M20) gf (F19) says i “need to start trusting” her but I have no reason to.
Moving in with SO
My roommate (24F) and I (22F) and I were good friends before moving in together, but over the past year I’ve grown to resent her and not sure if I even want to be friends with her anymore or can even stand living with her anymore.
Moving in with SO
Randomly dumped?
I (32m) hate when my gf (23f) calls me ‘daddy’ in bed; what alternatives can I convince her with?
Am I [20F] a POS for breaking up with my boyfriend [27M]?
(F21) I loved you when I didn’t even love myself
I loved you when I didnt even love myself
💔
My [18F] boyfriend [20M] keeps shutting me out
My step brother (16M) has been terrorizing the household and I (15F) finally told him to just go live with his dad cause its clear he hates everyone here.
I (19F) slept with my ex boyfriends good friend (21M) and now my ex boyfriend (22M) is interested in dating again.
I [21F] thought I’d been ghosted by a guy [23M] but just found out that he was in jail. What should I do?
Husband didnt do any surprises or effort on our Anniversary
I (19M) need help getting over my girlfriend's (19F) sexual past
How to get back together
How to get back together
My (27F) husband (32M) is going to take full custody of his kid (6F) from a different country. His daughter and her mother (30sF) insisted that my husband would sleep in the same bed with the child for at least a few months to a year or more.
I (19M) need help getting over my girlfriend's (19F) sexual past
My(18M) close friend(18F) of 6 months who I used to talk daily to has become distant.
GF tells me sad stuff and it makes me sad. She gets over things quickly, I do not. Advice?
How do I [24f] establish relationship 'rules' or 'guidelines' with my husband [25m of 3 years] LDR
(27f)(29m) Husband found out I had an STD in the past (treated) and now wants a divorce.
Still missing first love 3 years after break up
Lack of interest
Couples & Covid-19: A study of health-care workers and their partners
My wife [23F] wants to leave me [24M] and it’s absolutely tearing me apart
Got Dumped
My (21f) boyfriend (21m) is going back and forth about his feelings. How do I navigate this?
Mom feels entitled to expensive gifts only
Mom only wants expensive gifts.
My [31M] wife [29F] posted “sexy” pictures on social media and it made me upset
My boyfriend (20M) uses logic for everything and calls me (19F) illogical.
My Russian ex got pregnant and aborted the baby. We broke up but I want her back, what do I do?
My best friends dad may be dying and I don't know how to help her.
Me (M21) tried dating (F18) not sure if I should trust her
Dating anxiety!!
What can I do for my boyfriend during this pandemic
My [19F] boyfriend [26M] spends a lot of time with my friend [23F]. Am I overreacting?
Why do I keep getting broken up with over text? [28f]
Tinder match takes 4 days to reply - typical?
Advice??
I (21F) am not sure what to do about my relationship with my s/o (21M) due to distance and
Tinder match response time?
Should I get romantically involved with my corona buddy?
I (29M) have a very strained relationship with my mother (51F).
Why is she (f24) asking me (m29) our when I’ve ghosted her?
Advice???? Please
Should I get romantically involved with my corona buddy?
I (25M) just got out of an increasingly abusive 3-year relationship with a woman (24F), why am I the one that's still devastated?
My (F25) bf (M28) of 3 years a hurtful comment and won’t really apologize.
I want to breakup with my girlfriend but I have nowhere to go.
I(27f) caught my bf (21m) lying and possibly cheating. Idk how to feel.
Boyfriend (22M) has never had a job in his life but has made me feel guilty for moving without him
I want to breakup with my girlfriend but don’t have anywhere to go.
My(25M) sister(35F) doesn't believe I'm capable of watching her kids( 15F, 13M)
Girl I liked went from 1 thing to another!
Why can’t I (29M) move on from my former friend even though was toxic towards me?
Boyfriend (22M) has never had a job in his life and still lives with his parents
Marriage is Necessary to Do?
my (25 F) boyfriend (25 M) is not pulling his weight and it’s finally getting to me
Confused as to where I [22M] stand with this girl [20F]?
Friends new Wife (23F) is trying to ICE us out of our group of friends
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) and my roomate (23M) can’t get along
[21 M] Hung up on my best friend
(Short post)“Ick factor” in non-romantic relationships
I [20 F] liked someone [20 M] before my current GF [23 F] and I still haven't resolved it
[36M] Do I just not understand how emotional validation works?
How to break up with my (26 M) boyfriend?
Did I cheat?
Should I reach out to my old friend.
(21m) fiance just told me to die (21f)
I (21M) am great friends with my ex (21F) but have unresolved issues with her that haunt me
Should I reach out to my old friend?
My (26M) Narcissistic Ex (26F) falsely claimed I physically assaulted her on social media (with backstory)
I want to break up with my girlfriend because I don’t like her mom and her sometimes.
My(26M) Narcissistic Ex(26F) falsely claimed I physically assaulted her on social media (with backstory)
My Narcissistic Ex falsely claimed I physically assaulted her on social media (with backstory)
I (21M) am close friends with my ex(21F) but have some unresolved issues with our past together
My (29F) fiance (28M) spent $5000 behind my back on a mobile game.
People who have older siblings - what your relationship/dynamic with your older sibling like?
How do I (m 32) deal with my SO (F 27) not wanting me to cuddle with my friends
Me [M21] and my GF [22] face the hardest decision ever.
idk
[36M] Do I just not understand validation?
My husband(25M) doesn’t like his job and I(25F) don’t know how to help.
What should I (18F) do about my failing relationship (m19) and having no friends while quarantined in a small apartment alone?
Help me (29F) come to terms with my behavior in past relationships/was I in the wrong
Why would she (f24) want to go out when I’ve (m29) ghosted her?
*friendship post* 27f(me) feel like I have no close female bonds. Any advice or can you relate?
How do I reconnect with friends?
My boyfriend said I can never play video games with another guy
Help!
How to bring up divorce without feeling guilty?
I'm so freaking happy and I wanna tell people
[25M] Wanting to start a life with my GF [19F] and get married but not sure what to do
Why would she (f24) ask me out for drinks when I’ve (m29) ghosted her?
I [22F] am outgrowing my bestfriend [23F]. We have been friends for years but I've learned we don't really have anything in common anymore. How have you handled out growing friends?
People close to me feel entitled to my partner's wealth. I don't know what to do.
I'm trying to figure out why things changed seemingly overnight with her. (Both in 20s)
Why would a girl (f24) that I (m29) ghosted ask me out for drinks?
Outgrowing my bestfriend. How to handle it?
(20F) Having a lot of trouble and no support at home from mom, Wanting to quit my essential business job in wake of covid
Failing relationship and no friends while quarantined in a small apartment alone. Please help
My (22f) bf (26m) has been distant for a few months and I don’t know what to do
My (F,24) ex’s (m 24) side chick (f 21) said he treated her better than me.. should I believe her?
My (22f) bf (26m) has been distant for a few months and I don’t know what to do
My (F,24) ex’s (m 24) side chick (f 21) said he treated her better than me.. should I believe her?
I (26F) want to visit my boyfriend (33M), but he's cancelled on me and is suggesting I stay in a hotel.
Will my SO ever commit to learning English?
Cousin [27M] has a crush on me but he has autism.
I [28f] don't know if The relationship my SO [31m] has with his sister [33f] is normal and if I can deal with it for the rest of my life.
Failing relationship and no friends while quarantined in a small apartment alone. Please help
What can i do to spice it up in the bed?
I just wanna tell someone how happy I am
Will my SO ever commit to learning our language?
People who have older sisters, what's your relationship/dynamic with them like?
My "straight" ex-roommate 24M wants a relationship with me again 28M after we hooked up several times.
I [23F] am in love with my friend’s [23F] ex boyfriend [25M].
*Friendship Post* 27F (me) misses having a "best friend". I feel like I don't have many female bonds. Any advice or can anyone relate?
After how long in a relationship do you think it's normal to say 'I love you'?
Codependent ex and the messy threesome
My (30F) ex (39M) is a child pornography user - no explicit content.
Been seeing someone but she’s not ready? Help!
Now scared of being insecure in new relationships? 21F
Did he (M20) lead me (F20) on?
I [17F] in a weird situation with my crush [17M] and best friend [17M]
What to do when your bf's best friend is a girl?
When will this girl (28F) finally realize I'm (29M) ghosting her?
When will this girl (28F) finally realize I'm (29M) ghosting her?
My (28) partner (29) does not want to move.
Am I (29F) invalidating my boyfriend's (36M) negative feelings about my mom?
Depression. Lack of relationship experience. Friends and a fulfilling life.
My boyfriend [M35] of 7 years is furious with me [F28] for overstepping parenting boundaries with his son [M14]. I'm at a loss at what to do.
Boyfriend (23M) thinks I (21F) of 4 years thinks I'm cheating with his friend
Letter to an unknown address
Love
Coming to terms with myself and my exes
One sided
Why can’t I (29M) move on from my former friend even though she was emotionally abusive?
I (28M) gave my mom (60F) a hundred thousand bells for Mother's Day and caused a huge fight
What do you think about entering relationships later in your life? How has this shaped you’re perspective of relationships?
What causes her behavior
Would my bf change his mind about marriage ?
ME (M16) (F15) how do I convince my mom to let to let me see my gf after COVID-19 is over
What causes her behavior
My boyfriend is involved in an expensive sport that I can't afford to participate in, how do I keep it from affecting our relationship?
I [27M] Had a fight with my friend [24M] of 3 years I don't want another talk about mistakes I made without him taking blame
I [27M] Had a fight with my friend [24M] I don't want another talk about mistakes I made without him taking blame
Finding some time for me
M25 trying to figure out what F28 wants.
Confused (19 F) about my relationship with my boyfriend (20 M)
In your experience, when your relationship was going through a hard time and just fights, were you able to change, or did the relationship end up failing?
I think my friend is ghosting me in the middle of a pandemic
Looking for Sarah to warn her
Am I rude for ignoring my best friend's feelings?
I [27M] Had a fight with my friend [24M] I don't want another talk about mistakes I made without him taking blame
It drives me crazy when my friend (35F) texts when I (29F) am talking to her
M25 trying to figure out what she F28 wants.
In love with one of my best friends
Confused about if I want to be with him
The worst relationship of my entire life.
Am I rude for ignoring my best friend's feelings for me?
In your experience, when your relationship was going through a hard time and just fights, were you able to change, or did the relationship end up failing?
How do we (me, 27F, him 29M) deal with dramatic inequality in financial support from his parents(50s) compared to his other siblings(20s&30s)
My friend seems to be ghosting me while we're in quarantine
Advice please!
[25M] Wanting to start my life with my GF [18F] but not sure what to do
After nine years of relationship I [46M] feel like I stole years from my wife's [27F] life
Would you consider this emotional invalidation from your significant other?
[25M] wanting to start my life with my GF [18F]
Ending online friendship?
Feel bad about an online friend?
This is my [27m] unsent, unfinished letter to my dad.
Is this considered emotional invalidation?
Roommates, puppy, pesticides, needles, and chore boards...
Roommates, puppy, pesticides, needles, and chore boards...
Need to break up with my longtime bf but I live with him and his family
Me (20F) and my roommate (20F) are probably sick with covid-19. She (a panic-buyer and an irrationality scared person at the start of the pandemic) isn't taking it seriously
My roommate thinks calling herself my "sugar daddy" is a good idea
I (24f) don't have a "type", curious to see how many people feel the same
Why can’t I let myself get close to someone new? How do I fix it?
My (25F) coworker (32M) is treating me like a therapist and passing his work on to me
GF [24F] won't respect my [m26] time alone
Can my [18 M] GF [17 F] get pregnant from this? (Follow up)
I really miss my ex-best friend but I feel like she doesn’t feel the same way
Advice on how to gift a vacation to my (27M) girlfriend (28F) of over 2 years
My [30F] Boyfriend [30M] Lives Rent Free but Seems Unsupportive
I(36/F) can’t get over date’s(36/M) behavior and it has been a week and a half, do you think he crossed the line?
Why can’t I (23F) let myself get close to anyone?
Help! I (33F) think my Mom (60F) got engaged to her shitty, abusive BF (65ish?M) and I don't know how to proceed or respond
Me and my roommate are probably sick with covid-19. She (a panic-buyer and an irrationality scared person at the start of the pandemic) isn't taking it seriously
Emotional Invalidation
My gf’s (25f) cat is driving me (22m) insane.
Am I an asshole for telling my Fiance to get over me cheating on him in the past?
Is the guy[30/m] I’m [27/f] seeing just friends with his ex?
Am I being ignored?
My (24F) boyfriend (22M) got mad the first time I said no to sex last night
My gf’s (25f) cat is driving me (22m) insane.
My [F25] coworker [M32] is using me as his therapist and passing his work onto me
Am I the Asshole for telling my fiance to get over me cheating on him in the past
Am I being ignored?
I [30M] am upset [27F] just wants to be friends
My mom [57F] wants to spend time with me [27F] but maintain social distance from my BF [27M]
I (25f) am not my BF's (26) type. Feeling repulsive.
Gut feeling or grass-is-greener mentality?
I want to gift a
is there any hope?
[Both 27/F] I am unsure if these are red flags in our friendship
Stockholm syndrome?
My ex (M16) isn't sure if he has feelings for me (F16)
Boyfriend rarely texts me anymore
My boyfriend rarely texts me anymore
How do I (22) protect myself from a toxic parent (47)?
I [24F] can't come to terms with my boyfriend's [31M] smoking habits
I [30M] am really upset [27F] just wants to be friends
My boyfriend (M26) didn't wish me (F26) happy birthday. Is this normal part of growing up?
How do I (22) protect myself from a toxic relationship with a parent (47)?
Boyfriend [23M] refuses to do independent research because it is "inefficient" and it is driving me [23F] up a wall.
Strange message?
My boyfriend [33M] won't let me [21F] buy new cat toys for his cat
My [M19] (Now EX) GF [F18] wrote to my mother, spread rumors about me in a whole city and threatened me with her father confronting me after I presumably cheated on her
Wife's (55f) behavior has really worn me (41m) down to the point where I think I need to go
I(F22) am both Argentinian and Swiss but bf(32) is shaming me for trying to learn German/learn about Switzerland.
Wife's (55f) behavior has really worn me (41m) down to the point where I think I need to go
Help with an emotionally unavailable guy
My ex (m16) isn't sure if he has feelings for me (f16)
How do I (23F) let myself get close to someone else again?
My boyfriend (M26) hasn't wished me (F26) Happy Birthday
Should my (19f) boyfriend (19m) drive to see me?
I (18F) have problems with the way my boyfriend’s(18M) mother treats him
Best Friend(17F) who once rejected me now might be flirting with me (17F) and I think I might still have feelings for her
is there any hope?
I [24m] have a kinda confusing relationship with a friend [24f] of mine, what do you think I should do?
My (23F) bad sleeping patterns are seriously straining my relationship with my mother (55F).
Is it reasonable for me (M34) to be mad that my girlfriend (F24) wants kids that look like her when I have kids from my previous marriage ?
Should I break up with my boyfriend in the name of love?
I (25F) feel second to his (28M) best friend (28F)
I(29f) have moved in with my mom(64f) to take care of her and it is a nightmare!
Should I feel bad for not loving my father?
Should I (20F) move in with my boyfriend (21M) because of coronavirus?
I (18F) have problems with the way my boyfriend’s(18M) mother treats him
Want to find new people, the love of your life, a new face time friend? Join our Discord server (Desperate Teens 13-17)
I(29f) have moved in with my mom(64f) to take care of her and it is a nightmare !
My (23M) sister (20F) couldn't be bothered with a simple request from me, now I'm giving her the silent treatment.
I (29f) have moved back in with my mother(64f) to take care of her and it's a nightmare!
Want to find new people, the love of your life, a new face time friend? Join our Discord server (Desperate Teens 13-17)
Problems in the family!!!
Possessive much?
Hes (20) not over his ex says he wakes up saying her name??
Struggling with building a safe relationship with Dad and his wife
im annoyed at everything a friend does, but cant bring myself to break it off.
What helps to let go of friendships?
Problems in the family!!!
im annoyed at everything a friend does, but cant bring myself to break it off.
**TL;DR; : Sugar baby (29f) no wants out, but can I (40m) be the only one?
Should I [25f] try to befriend my ex’s ex [26f]
im annoyed at everything a friend does, but cant bring myself to break it off for some reason.
I [27f] look at my ex's [36m] ig multiple times a day
Thanks...
Got a postcard from a girl with her number, what do you think, should I text her?
Me(12F) and my dad (42M)
Got a postcard from a girl with her number, what do you think, should I text her?
Is it weird to still be partying in your 30s? (30F)
Bad mental health ruined my friendships
Can people change?
I followed my ex’s F[28] cousin F[35] on Instagram and she followed me back. Is this a sign my ex might be interested in rekindling ? Or that there’s hope?
Listen to your gut, it knows what's up.
What helped you to let go of friendships?
I just cheated on my boyfriend/ pretty much husband by sending nudes and chatting with other guys. The worst part is I hid all of it when if I'd just been honest it wouldn't have probably mattered. Monogamy isn't real for gays anymore.
New job in same building as my ex
Did I (28/F) do something to cause her (26/f) to stop talking to me?
What can I [25M] do to get over my cute Chinese crush [24F]?
Should there be different rules for dating in the military?
Me (28M) matched with a girl (27) who lives in another country. Any advice on how to play this out?
My dad (54) spends hours in the bathroom.
Should I [25f] reach out to my ex’s ex [26f]
Need advice pls
I [21F] want to break up with my fiancé [26M] until he gains financial independence. How do I say it without being mean?
My [23 M] family [55 Mother/Father & 20 Brother] talk about politics every night at the dinner table, and it's divisive, unproductive, and making me resent them. How do I navigate this situation?
Matched with this girl in another country. Looking for advice
My gf of 7 months refuses to meet with me socially distanced even though we finally can after 7 weeks
Should you have exceptions when dating military S.O.?
I just cheated on my boyfriend/husband and have been for 3 days by sending nudes to other guys
Was my (21F) breakup messed up? Did my ex (24M) manipulate me and cheat on me?
Me (40m) Can Sugar Baby (29f) be honest??
Is it a problem if I let girls know why I'm not physically attracted to them?
Was my (21F) breakup messed up? Did my ex (24M) manipulate me and cheat on me?
What helped you to let go of friendships?
29 M and 27 FM. Discovery of cuck/interracial fetish
Is it a problem if I let girls know why I'm not physically attracted to them
I (47M) have to fire my son's (24M) girlfriend's (23F) dad (42M) but my son says he will never speak to me again if I do it.
Was my break up messed up? Did I get cheated on? Am I a horrible person?
Strange message?
Is my (21F) break up messed up? Did I get manipulated? Did I get cheated on by my ex (24M)? Am I a horrible person?
So I just told the person I like that I like them and I don't know what to do.
Are we a thing? Or am I over thinking it?
Should I(26M) just assume things are over now with my long distance gf(25F)?
My wife can’t stop touching my monitor, a client got mad because I didn’t saw a mistake because it was dirty and I have no idea what to do.
Put myself (30F) out there for a guy (31M). Rejected, don't know what to do
My wife can’t use my computer without touching my screen for no reasons and started a fight when I politely asked her to not drag fingers on the monitor.
Just got my (25M) first girlfriend (27F) about 4 months ago. How do I deal with times of low libido?
What should I do?
is there any hope?
How do I Snapchat a girl I might like
Sister [16F] was amputated below the knee. We're having the worst relationship of our lives while taking care of her. What should I [23m]?
I don't know if my (25f) and my boyfriend's (23M) relationship is okay or normal
How do I Snapchat a girl I might like
How do I Snapchat a girl I might like
Need help understanding what's wrong with my mom
Why TF is leaving someone so hard 30s & 25
I have started to push my friend away, because of my issues with her getting a cat
Should I(26M) just assume things are over with my long distance gf(25F)?
I have started to push my friend away, because of my issues with her getting a cat
I (25f) am paranoid my bf (25m) will always lie now
My [21M] girlfriend [21F] won't stop bringing up past issues and its emotionally draining.
Need help understanding what's wrong with my mom.
I (24F) am getting frustrated by my boyfriend’s (26M) lack of appreciation
I [20f] exploded at my dad [55m] with all my pent up rage during quarantine
I (27F) lie awake at night because I can’t seem to shake a gut feeling that something is off about my Boyfriend (29M)
I (26f) am super paranoid because my bf (25m) has lied to me multiple times
Is a good relationship good enough? (Myself 28f, partner 29/m)
My [24] Girlfriend [24] is absolutely amazing and gives me the world, but my own insecurities with myself and her sexual past are causing me to spiral and doubt our future. Please help
I [20f] exploded at my dad [55m] with all my pent up rage while in quarantine
Ive got feelings for my partners brother
My husband spends almost all day on the computer
[Both 20's] Any clue what this guy's deal might have been?
Bf lied and now I’m paranoid
What to do if your bf's bestie is a girl
Don't worry be happy - A lock down cover by Students
My (23M) and my roommate (20F) are crushing on each other
My GF (19F) randomly gave me (20M) permission to drug her
After not texting for a week, should I (23F) find him (27M) after we both kinda flaked on our first date?
ME (M16) (F15) how do I convince my mom to let to let me see my gf after COVID-19 is over
I don’t know what to do anymore? BF is nasty to me almost constantly but it’s always my fault. Need advice.
Top 10 FBI Tricks - How to Recognize When Someone Lies
Toxic
Toxic
Husband refuses to even make me a snack while I work. Everything is like pulling teeth.
My (19f) girlfriend gave me (20m) permission to drug her
I (23F) have a difficult time trusting my boyfriend (23M)
My ex wants to talk after a month of no contact. How do I respond?
My ex wants to talk to me
Never really got to know my parents that well
I feel like I never really got to know my parents
My (37 Female) Neighbor (Between Her Late 30s-Early 40s) is Angry at Me for Having a Fling with Her Son (Sixteen Male). How should I handle this?
I feel like I never rlly got to know my parents well and I’m starting to regret it because I’m leaving to college
Put myself out there for a guy. Do not know how to feel about it.
My (20M) mother (54F) is obsessed with conspiracy theories. It's ruining our relationship and my sanity, as well as hers. I don't know what to do.
What’s the difference between commitment and unwisely riding it out for someone to change
My [22F] boyfriend [34M] follows & likes lots of “Insta model” posts
How to stop negative conversations
My GF told me I could drug her
Issues with boyfriend and porn use
Am I overreacting or is he being shady?
My (37F) Neighbor (Late 30s-Early 40s) is Harassing Me for Having a Fling with Her Legally Aged Son (16M). How should I handle this?
Am I overreacting or is he being shady?
my [23 F] sister [20 F] is being emotionally abused by her boyfriend [25 M]
I could be the insane one.
My (20M) closest friend (20M) in college walked away from our friendship.
My [20M] mother [54F] is obsessed with conspiracy theories. It's ruining our relationship and my sanity, as well as hers. I don't know what to do.
Me (48F) and my SO (47M) promised to not take separate vacations. Now my friend (42F) really wants to go on a trip.
I (35f) came clean about an affair (38m) to my “husband” (I use that term loosely) (34m) while stuck under quarantine with our kids home. Now what?
I [m44] need insight into why my gf and babymomma [f42] of 20 years is so weird about sex
Married Couple [30M] AND [30F] Living in separate Bedrooms
I [20]M have a girlfriend [19]F that just came out as a bi-sexual to me and I feel weird about it.
Mid to late 30s couples, how often do you have sex?
How do I (21F) get over this feeling of disappointment?
I [20]M have a girlfriend [19]F that just came out as a bi-sexual to me and I feel weird about it.
Boyfriend’s (20M) female friend (23F) won’t like pictures of me (19F) online. Is she jealous of me?
I (35f) came clean about an affair (38m) to my “husband” (I use that term loosely) (34m) while stuck under quarantine with our kids home. Now what?
My girlfriend came out to me as bi-sexual but I feel weird about it
Should I confront my BF on a possible lie that’s none of my business?
Do you let your friends control your relationship?
I (35f) came clean about an affair to my “husband” (I use that term loosely) (34m) while stuck under quarantine with our kids home. Now what?
How to get over (second hand sexual) performance anxiety embarrassment??
5 year breakup, please help me analyse!
I (14F) suck at making friends
My GF “caught” me text a friend at 2am
After not texting for a week, should I find him after we both kinda flaked on our first date?
I (24F) am stuck at home with my family and need realistic advice
Married Couple [30M] AND [30F] Living in separate Bedrooms
Was sent here from an AIAH. GF “caught” me text a friend at 2am
5-years over-Help me analyse breakup !
I (24f) asked my fiance (24m) if he would leave me for 1 billion dollars. He said yes.
I (24f) asked my fiance (25m) if he would lose me for one billion dollars. He said yes.
Boyfriend’s (20M) female friend won’t like pictures of me (19F) online. Is she jealous of me?
my [23 F] sister [20 F] is in an abusive relationship and defends him [25 M]
Should I confront my BF on a possible lie that’s none of my business?
[19/M] Working from home issue with family dynamic amid lockdown
When do you call it quits, and when do you chose to weather the storm and push through?
I (18M) think that my girlfriend (17F) is abusive
Boyfriend’s (20M) female friend won’t like pictures of me (19F) online. Is she jealous of me?
When do you call it quits, and when do you chose to weather the storm and push through?
[UPDATE] My BF [M 28] screams out of stress and frustration. Last night, the cops showed up at our house b/c of a noise complaint. I [F 24] don't know how to help him
[26F] I don't like anyone enough to date them
My (24m) girlfriend (25f) may be asexual. Should I continue this relationship?
[Update] My boyfriend [M 28] screams out of stress and frustration. Last night, the cops showed up to our house due to a noise complaint. I [F 24] am humiliated and don't know how to help him
Having a bit of a rough patch in my dating life (m/31)
I (29M) just got out of the craziest shortest relationship (24F) and feel so stupid I let it happen
[Update] My boyfriend [M 28] screams out of stress and frustration. Last night, the cops showed up to our house due to a noise complaint. I [F 24] am humiliated and don't know how to help him
My (20F) best friend (18F) has been stealing drugs from our host family
Fed up /annoyed with bf, don’t know what to do . Me [30sf] him [40m]
Would it be weird for me [24 F] to offer some of my spare furniture to my ex [24 M] for his new apartment?
Guy (34M) is becoming increasingly insulting and hard to deal with. What do I (26F) do?
I (27F) lie awake at night because I can’t seem to shake a gut feeling that something is off about my Boyfriend (29M)
My (22M) girlfriend (23F) doesn't understand why I won't come and see her in lockdown
Was I wrong to reach out?
My (22M) girlfriend (23F) doesn't understand why I can't come and see her in lockdown and its impacting our mental health
My housemate (25F) ghosted me (25F) over COVID
Fed up/ annoyed with bf and just don’t know what to do. Me [30sf] him [40m]
Many wrongs, I don’t see a “right any more”
I (22F) am bringing home SO (24M) who has tattoos and parents are very much against them, how do you ease the tension?
Dating VS Dating Applications
I like a girl (18/19 [not sure]) I've (M19) met during Iso and I don't know if I should take the next step and ask her out
I (22F) am bringing home SO (24M) who has tattoos and parents are very much against them, how do you ease the tension?
(m25) Kicked a girl out cause she (f22) wouldn't sleep with me, called asshole and hero which is it?
Bringing home SO who has tattoos and parents are very much against them, how do you ease the tension?
I (25F) hate saying no to my bf (25M), while he can easily say no to me
My boyfriend (23M) didn’t want to move out of parents living room? Do we have a future ?
I (25F) hate saying no to my bf (25M), while he can easily say no to me
Was I wrong to reach out?
My best friend is obsessed with her boyfriend. Should I talk to her?
Is my bf selfishly cheap?
My Girlfriend of 20years is super weird about sex gf [f42] me [m44]
Was I wrong?
How do I protect myself from a toxic relationship with a parent?
Thoughts on my boyfriend (23M) and me (20F) relationship? Do we have a future?
Need advice on how to move on or what should I do
Partner Grieiving but pushing away
The girl [24F] I've been seeing thinks anything that I [24M] do in the bedroom is now 'fake' because she told me she was concerned that she initiated sex more than me
Girlfriend and babymomma of 20yrs weird about sex
My (28f) bf (29m) can’t handle his own behavior back to him
I [31M] am having doubts about my relationship because of her past drug use [F31]
My (25M) roommate (23M) keeps taking my damn coffee
My (25M) roommate (23M) keeps taking my damn coffee
Is it so much to ask for a conversation about sex before actually having it?
Partner Grieving but pushed me away
I (m26) feel emotionless when I spend time with my partner (f21)
The girl [24F] I've been seeing thinks anything that I [24M] do in the bedroom is now 'fake' because she told me she was concerned that she initiated sex more than me
I (25F) am in love with my married bestfriend (25M)
I (26m) found out my father (54m) sexually assulted my gf (24f)
Is it ADHD thing or most of the people have it? (500M) (400M)
Is it ADHD thing or do you have it too? (100M) (500M)
Former “friend” (30 M) has stalked or harassed me (28 F) for years and it’s affecting my life - best way to forget him ASAP and recover self-esteem?
Is it ADHD thing or do you have it too?
Am I in the wrong for making the most out of an open relationship?
Physical violence as a result of being provoked. Who's at fault?
Dilemma Concerning Operation to Alleviate Life-long Impotence
So she is likely pregnant?
How much is okay to tell about reasons I broke up with my boyfriend to my bestfriend?
I think he’s too into me. Me (21F) him (27m) friend (24F) Friend’s BF (24m)
Am I in the wrong for making the most out of an open relationship?
Why is it harder to find new friends than a hookup/partner?
Torn btwn emotions
Shared house, owner occupied! He moved in new girlfriend, she has taken over the house.
Torn btwn emotions
My housemate ghosted me over COVID
I had an intrusive thought about breaking up with my SO and I feel terrible
My ex just texted me 3 months after breaking up what do I do
I (40f) don't know what to do.
im really freaking confused
im really freaking confused rn
Guys seem really interested but then ghost when I try to make plans to actually meet up with them.
My suicidal girlfriend (19) is flirting with a woman on Facebook.
GF[23F] keeps mentioning my [28M] weight and I'm not sure if I handled it well
Guys flake when it comes to actually meeting up. It seems they ARE into me - are they just intimidated by me? Why are guys afraid to meet up with me?
[UPDATE] I [F17] am fed up with my mother’s [F46] behavior
My boyfriend said if I get a cat he would kill it.
Meeting your partner before actually “meeting”? coincidence or what? Let me know!
People who stayed with their partner after being cheated on: why did you do it and how is your relationship now?
Guys intimidated by me?
My (22F) Ex (27M) said he quit me.
I (18F) want to cut all ties someone from my past (18F) but my boyfriend (18M) used to be best friends with her and I don't want to be controlling by asking him to help me
I'm insecure about my relationship with someone and need advice on how to ease my mind/make the situation better.
I (22M) cheated on my ex (22F)
My [30M] brother [28M] wants me to forgive his abusive GF [31F]
My (27f) ex (27m) from 3 years ago followed me on Instagram.
My [19M] boyfriend hides in the bathroom to watch porn, and I (20F) am worried about it
I (59M) think he (≈28M) is not with me for love, but for material reasons
I cheated
Date/Gf considering going back to her ex?
How can I m (31) help my wife f (27)?
He [22M] wouldn’t let me [21F] see his phone after red-flag behavior. Should I break up and be done with it?
Girlfriend [21F] broke up with me [21M] because she think not to love me
He [22M] refused to let me [20F] see his phone. Should I just break up?
I want another one.
Self-isolating apart: our only contact is by phone, but there's nothing to talk about.
I [30F] feel stuck with my boyfriend [33F]. Part of me wants to break it off, but I know it will break his heart.
My [19M] boyfriend hides in the bathroom to watch porn, and I (20F) am worried about it
I [21M] need advice after a breakup from [21F]
I'm pregnant and I dont know if I should leave him or do it alone?
My [21F] girlfriend broke up with me [21M]
My (21f) bf (19m) of five months recently started visiting a subreddit for random hookups
Sister (31F) told my girlfriend (30F) I (27M) was an alcoholic and drug abuser. She tried to make me out as some damaged person. A lot of what she said was exaggerated and ridiculous. I haven't been able to get in contact with her for over a MONTH now except her roommate. I am confused and hurt.
Am I (f22) a horrible human being for not particularly missing my sister (f19) ?
When should I [F19] tell her [F19] our friendship is over ?
I'm pregnant with his baby but I don't know whether to leave or stay
(23M) How to get my mother off my back
I feel my [33M] girlfriend [26F] pulling away, 10 month relationship
When should I [F19] tell her [F19] our friendship is over ?
(23 M) How to get my mother off my back
My exbf (30/m) and I (25/f) are in a weird exclusive grey zone. A few days ago, I hooked up with someone else (didn’t have sex though). Should I tell my exbf what I did, even though we aren’t officially back together?
My boyfriend disrespects me and won’t stop badgering me during lockdown.
my (22f) ocd and anxiety is ruining my relationship with my boyfriend (25m)
found out that my boyfriend habitually paid for sex for 8 years
My best friend (28F) and I (28F) had a falling out and I can't stop being angry about it
my (22F) OCD is ruining my relationship with my boyfriend (25M)
My heart got crushed yesterday and I don't know how to feel right now
I feel very alone even though I'm not shy at all (22M)
I'm pregnant, should I leave him? I don't know what to do & whats really best for me
I [25F] am still in love with my ex [25 M]
I feel alone even though I'm not shy at all (22M)
I [27]M trying to go LowContact with Mom but my Gf [25]F isn't helping.
Gf has started going to bed at 3 AM. I'm concerned she might be talking to someone
I (29M) just got out of the craziest shortest relationship (24F) and feel so stupid I let it happen
My [19M] boyfriend hides in the bathroom to watch porn, and I (20F) am worried about it
UPDATE: My [34f] boyfriend [34m] has become close friends with his new married neighbor [42f] and I'm feeling uncomfortable. They text daily, he shares our relationship problems with her, he sees her more than me. Am I insecure and controlling or is this becoming unreasonable?
I (29M) just got out of the craziest shortest relationship (24F) and feel so stupid I let it happen
I (29M) just got out of the craziest shortest relationship (24F) and feel so stupid I let it happen
Embarrassed to be seen with
quick question, how does roommates and relationships work?
I [21M] don’t know what I want with gf [18F]
Help
Texting Problems
I [21M] don’t know what I want with girlfriend [21F]
I [24F] saw a guy [26M] I'm seeing comment on girls' nudes
No 'Spark' - Girlfriend (25M)Not In Love With Me (24M)
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) took her mother's pills without her knowing
Texting Problems
My (22M) girlfriend of over 4 years (21F) has always expected me to put in all the effort/ solve any issues that come up in our sex life and It’s made it really hard for me to be passionate about romance with her; what can I do?
Revenge on asshole ex?
Communication between couples
[24F] How do I have this conversation with [27M] about his behavior in the bedroom the other night?
I saw a guy I've been seeing comment on girls' nudes here on a subreddit.
TR;DR My (22M) girlfriend of over 4 years (21F) has always expected me to put in all the effort/ solve any issues that come up in our sex life and It’s made it really hard for me to be passionate about romance with her; what do I do?
quick question, how does roommates and relationships work?
My (22M) girlfriend of over 4 years (21F) has always expected me to put in all the effort/ solve any issues that come up in our sex life and It’s made it really hard for me to be passionate about romance with her
How do I [21M] stop feeling so guilty about my “reliance” on my parents?
My (M28) wife(F28) is very suicidal but doesn't want to be committed
My (22M) girlfriend of over 4 years (21F) has always expected me to put in all the effort/ solve any issues that come up in our sex life and It’s made it really hard for me to be passionate about romance with her
Why is it wrong to not want to date women who have slept with a lot of people?
My [19M] boyfriend hides in the bathroom to watch porn, and I (20F) am worried about it
My girlfriend of 10 months suddenly broke up with me
My (22M) girlfriend of over 4 years (21F) has always expected me to put in all the effort/ solve any issues that come up in our sex life and It’s made it really hard for me to be passionate about romance with her
One of my [17M] assistant managers at work [19F] and I have feelings for each other...
How do I [27M] talk to my dad about my GF[28]
BF [29M] doesn't seem that well-liked at his job and I am a bit concerned.
My (33f) bf/ex/it’scomplicated (33m) is pressuring me to fly during covid19 to see him
My [23 M] family [55 Mother/Father & 20 Brother] talk about politics every night at the dinner table, and it's divisive, unproductive, and making me resent them.
Got out of a relationship [m21] and sexted another ex [f20]
Mixed signals and obsession-what does this mean?
Another advice post 2 guys
One of my [17M] managers at work [20F] and I have feelings for each other...
my (18M) girlfriend (18F), or at least my ex, left me all of a sudden during quarantine via text
What is your experience or thoughts of love?
I am(2%F) and have a relationship with an (22M) and wonder if I am his rebound. TL;DR!
Can't let go of resentment
My partner (29M) and I (29F) have an amazing long-term serious relationship, but I want kids and he does not.
Friendship in deep waters, please help...
Seeing my ex got engaged to his new girl hurts me unconditionally
covid19 is messing with my relationship
I am(25F) sad about my current relationship with my new bf(22M) and wonder if I' am his rebound.
I (18M) think my gf (17F) is abusive
Boyfriend calls me an alcoholic
Friendship in deep waters, please help ...
My (31f) husband (34m) is under a lot of stress but keeps blaming me and then apologizing....what is going on??
Boyfriend calls me an alcoholic?
My (21F) friend’s (23F) boyfriend (24M) cheated and I can’t get over it
I (18M) think my gf (17F)
i feel like i’m not even dating anyone rn
Financial and Other Problems between me (27F) and boyfriend (28M) of 1y11m
A guy (M/24) went ghost on me... (F/20) we started talking again but I don’t know if I can fully trust him... how should I go about this?
My bf (25m) broke up with me (25f) tonight after I saw him, once I got home. He was upset over his genital herpes. He texted me this. Should I respond?
My bf (19) and I (f 19) just broke up and I’m not sure if it’s a good thing or not. I want to work our issues out but I’m not entirely sure if our relationship was healthy for me to even put myself back in that situation.
I think my gf is abusive.
My [19M] girlfriend [20F] wants to hook up with another guy while we're separated due to the virus
I (24M) want to break a cycle with a certain lady (22F)
My bf (19) and I (f 19) just broke up and I can’t tell whether it was a good thing or not. I want to work things out but I don’t know if the relationship was healthy for me to be trying.
I (44M) left my wife (44F) for her (32F) and it's not working out
Do it or dont?
Lonely father overly clingy naggy and seems intent on keeping me at home forever
Father being clingy and trying to keep me at home forever
My sister is avoiding me for some reason
Ex-FWB (25M) messaged me (25F) asking if I’m pregnant after agreeing to go NC. Does he care or did he reach out for selfish reasons?
My Sister is avoiding me for some reason?
Coronavirus is ruining my relationship
“Get your(20F) dirty clothes off my (26M) bed”
Ex-FWB (25M) messaged me (25F) asking if I’m pregnant after agreeing to go NC. Does he care or did he reach out for selfish reasons?
Sister avoiding me for some reason?
Would you settle for a relationship that is great most of the time but has frequent difficulties or would you keep looking for a relationship that is always fulfilling?
Ex-FWB (25M) messaged me (25F) asking if I was pregnant after agreeing to go NC. Does he care or did he reach out for selfish reasons?
GF slept around as we were dating. Should I be hurt/upset?
Ex-FWB (25M) messaged me (25F) after agreeing to go NC. Does he care or did he reach out for selfish reasons?
She is 31 he's 24
why do i always say things that makes my boyfriend sad?
I dont think I can love anyone?
Ex [20M] texts me happy birthday [20F] after a terrible breakup
Do I Confront Emotionally Neglectful Parents (M and F both 48) (Me = M 21)
GF slept with others while we were dating and not sure how to feel
I (25F) broke up with him (24M) on January 2020. He begged me to take him back for months. Now that I'm willing to fix it, he says he's not sure anymore.
I (22F) have been avoiding my friend (23F) for 2 months because I don't know how tell her I don't want to be friends anymore.
My boyfriend is enabling his mother and sister who suffer from addiction
My ex (26F) seems to think we're BFFs 1 month into a breakup which emotionally destroyed me (24F). I've received long calls and drunk calls. I don't completely want to lose him. What do I do?
I don't think I can love
I have a strange feeling the baby is me mine (27M)
My sister is avoiding me for some reason?
My Girlfriend is leaving....
He doesn’t want to tell his family about me. Am I overreacting.
Four months later, still hung up on JW boy
Advice on texting a girl?
My girlfriend is leaving.....
Advice on texting a girl?
Advice on texting a girl
Advice for texting a girl?
Advice on texting a girl?
I (m30) am allergic to my girlfriend's (f25) dog and we wanted to move in together?
posting stuffs about supporting body positivity or being against fat shaming
I (m30) am allergic to my girlfriend's (f25) dog
Breaking up with someone you are attached to.
Google apps and his lying ass
I (41M) ended my marriage in a fiery flame...
My [24M] once-best friend [23M] has become a huge issue for me and others. Help?
Why would someone do this?
Hung up on JW boy
I can’t stop looking through my exes instagram, facebook, etc.
My (M25) ex-girlfriend (F24) messed with my head when she broke up with me.
I ended a short term relationship and I need advice/confirmation
Avoiding Conflict or Suspicious?
I (F20) feel like my (M20) boyfriend is being unloyal?
Suspicious girlfriend
Avoiding Conflict or Suspicious?
Date Paid in Quarters (should have ran)
I’m seeing a man twice my age, me being 21 & him 45. I don’t know what he wants out of this
Avoiding conflict or suspicious?
why women does not seem interested on having sex with me even when everyone says I am a good looking man?
I think my best friend had a half black baby and blamed it on me. Now she's missing and I can't get employment.
I’m seeing a man twice my age, me (f21), him being 45
My (26m) Gf (22f) got mad for me following random girls on instagram.
I (27F) am struggling with understanding my fiancé’s (29M) lack of intimacy
Suspicious girlfriend
(M) Potential relationship deal breaker around having an only child (F)
I need confirmation and advice.
I (17M) think I'm being gaslight and can't distance myself from my friend (16F).
(30sM) BF "roasted" me, would I be right to break up? (20sF)
Is it normal for a parent to call their child baby or babe?
How can I help my brother with social anxiety
I need some help with new girl anxiety?
LONG Question/Advice (NSFW) (Sensitivity Warning)
How do I(21F) get my Mom(50F) to stop sleeping in the same bed as me?
Annoyed with husbands beard
Friendship problems
I (25F) am feeling guilty about having to cut off a guy (27M) that seems extremely non-committal. Did I handle things correctly?
My high school bully is becoming famous
AITA - Boyfriend invited family to my house - without telling me - when I wasn't there and I just found out.
My(22f) bf(23m) originally said we'd get married, but now he's saying he doesn't believe in marriage
How can I m (31) help my wife f (27)?
My(20M) Mom(44F) is Deeply Homophobic. My Band's Drummer(18M) is Gay
Jealous of his ex crushes
Is he cheating??
My boyfriend of 2 years cheats and blames it on my insecurities. While he was high off 3 Xanax he told me that our sex feels horrible and that I’m a stupid insecure bitch. :)
My high school bully is now becoming famous?
My [29F] boyfriend [25M] gets really defensive or tells me no when I ask him to do small things for me or chores
Little Brother (15) and his hookup (16F - maybe?) are causing family problems
I’m driving myself insane.
I (m25) no longer feel romantic feelings for my partner (f20) What should I do?
This is stressing me out, please help me understand
Too short the first time. Worth another try?
Too short the first time. Worth another try?
Too short the first time. Worth another try?
Too short the first time. Worth another try?
Too short the first time. Worth another try?
Too short the first time. Worth another try?
Anyone in the same situation? Corona quarantine messing with starting a new relationship!
My ex best friend [F26] told me that when she sees me, she feels like she's not enough and it hurts her. Our friendship ended badly (partly my fault) but I want to at least try to repair it - how do I do it?
My boyfriend [26M] has a couple of qualities that I [24F] hate, and I keep comparing him to a mutual friend [27M].
Too short the first time. Worth another try?
Anyone in the same situation? Corona quarantine messing with potentially starting a new relationship!
Relationship misunderstanding
I (21M) think I might be attracted to one of my best friends (21F)
A year later... Should I ask this girl out?
A year later... Should I ask this girl out?
Pls help. I (24f) was abused by ex(36m) for 5 years. His mom is my parent's relator.
I (25F) am feeling guilty for some reason over the way I had to cut off a non-committal type guy (27M) I really liked.
A long story...
My best friend and I had a falling out (and I can't stop being angry about it)
I (F 20) think my boyfriend (M 22) is sexually abusing me
My girlfriend (21F) broke up with me (21M) because she wants to be alone
I (bi M 25) do not have romantic feelings for my partner (bi F 20) and I'm not sure how to deal with it without really hurting her (/and my feelings in relationships generally). Long post.
A long story...
2 Guys, 1 Girl
My (28F) husband (30M) just walked out. What now?
After not texting for a week, should I find him after we both kinda flaked on our first date?
She (20f) says she's close to throwing in the towel. I (21m) am struggling to find a fix
anniversary ideas during quarantine
Vacation with boy best friend
AITA FOR (KIND OF) unknowingly being the other woman ?
I (21M) can't seem to attract the right kind of people
Ex partner took my brothers Jack and our sons motorbike and still hasn't returned them?
Ex partner took my brothers Jack and our sons motorbike and still hasn't returned them?
I (mid20'sF) am a doctor and my landlord (mid 30'sF) whom I rent a room from on a month by month basis is having a ****ing house party in a pandemic right now. How do I address this without just screaming insensibly?
I think there is toxic behavior here
how to lay down the pipe with an older woman
I (mid20'sF) am a doctor and my landlord (mid 30'sF) whom I rent a room from on a month by month basis is having a ****ing house party in a pandemic right now. How do I address this without just screaming insensibly?
I think my girlfriend has toxic behavior
how to lay down the pipe with an older woman?
Am I right to feel threatened in my relationship or am I overreacting?
I (19F) just broke up with my emotionally unavailable boyfriend (20M). I could really use some reassurance.
I (F) just broke up with my emotionally unavailable boyfriend (M). I could really use some reassurance.
Im pregnant i dont know whether to leave or stay?
How do I tell him?
How do I tell him?
Did I (25M) screw things up when talking about the complicity I had with my ex (25F)?
Stuck in another country without work, moved out of my flat and housemates [29F, 30F] are making me pay bills still
Don't know if I[31F] want to be as close with best friend[30F] anymore
Stuck in another country, moved out of my flat and housemates are still making me pay bills.
My boyfriend (28M) wants to move far away and said he does not care about what I (25 F) do
Am I overreacting? Bf puts friends first all the time
My (25F) boyfriend (26M) keeps letting a random girl braid his hair while in quarantine, and it's driving me CRAZY
Self sabotaging my relationship
My (25F) boyfriend (26M) keeps letting a random girl braid his hair while in quarantine, and it's driving me CRAZY
So he (21M) cursed me (21F) out again, blaming me for his addictions, depression, suicidal attempts, and for cutting off a girl who he said would be there to help him.. Is this all my fault? I cant do this anymore.
Ex BF (32M) commented on my (29F) weight as a reason our relationship went downhill. He still wants to work it out. Not sure what to do next.
Bf (24m) going to great lengths to keep up his lie about masturbating next to me while I sleep
So he cursed me out again, blaming me for his addictions, depression, suicidal attempts, and for cutting off a girl who he said would be there to help him.. Is this all my fault? I cant do this anymore.
I (22f) live with my parents (60m and 59f) and I've regressed into a bratty, moody 14 year old
So he cursed me out again, blaming me for his addictions, depression, suicidal attempts, and for cutting off a girl who he said would be there to help him.. Is this all my fault? I cant do this anymore.
Why do I dislike my boyfriend's friend for no apparent reason?
Am I paranoid or do I need to do something about my friendship?
Why can't I get over this?
Ex BF (32M) made a comment on my (29F) weight as a reason our relationship went downhill. He still wants to work it out. I don't know what to do next.
Is it wrong to date my sister's boyfriend's best friend (M28) and hang out together?
Is it time for me (20F) to give up on my relationship with my boyfriend (23M) of 2.5 years?
Sleeping habit
Sleeing habits
I’m [24F] falling for my old best friend again [24M]. I don’t know what to do about it.
Where do I go from here?
My mother [43F] moved in a young guy [18M] into the house. I [19F] have a huge problem with it.
My boyfriend [M22] is going to grad school in a year and it's in another state. I [F22] don't know how we're going to survive long distance for 2 or 3 years.
My (19M) S/O (19NB) is upset that I won't cum in their mouth
Me [22M] with my friend [20F] of 3 months, they like me but I've never been in a relationship so not sure how to proceed
My partner (M30) sends me (F21) pics of Instagram models. Is it wrong?
My Girlfriend (F 24) of almost two years is ghosting me during quarantine after an argument.
Recently single but living with my exes because they’re my best friends
Where do I go from here?
How does it feel being In a rebound?
Ended a relationship that lasted for 1y4m
Boyfriend (20M) wants to spend our one year anniversary... in his car...
Recently single but living with my exes because they’re my best friends
How does it feel being in a rebound?
Did I cheat on my boyfriend by making a dating profile?
My partner (M29) sends me (F21) pics of Instagram models in bikinis and it makes me feel insecure
Help! My military SO says he’s busy
[23m / 23f] How to break up with as little damage as possible after 3.5 years
Did I cheat on my boyfriend by making a dating profile?
[23m/23F] How do I break up with someone after 3.5 years?
A married co-worker (late 30s, m) flirted with me (early 20s, f) and my sister (teen). His crazy wife entered the picture and almost a year later things don’t seem to be ending
Just found out my close guy friend (19M) didn’t close his eyes as I (19F) changed clothes in his bathroom during a party.
My [22F] boyfriend [20M] mentioned something strange in passing about the source of his money. Is this something I should be worried about?
Romantic sayings
(29M)(29F) Boyfriend won’t stop accusing me of cheating when I didn’t.
I (19/F) love him (20/M), but I don't think he appreciates me enough
Worried about mother’s health
My bf (m28) seems to be upset at me (f28) and I don't know how to address it.
Just found out my close friend (19M) didn’t close his eyes while I was changing clothes (19F). I didn’t ask, but isn’t it common sense?
My ex is terrible (please help)
I feel like I can't like anything my friend doesn't
My ex is an asshole (help please)
I feel like I can't like anything my friend doesn't
(17M) have never been in a relationship
My [26F] boyfriend [24M] of 1 year was not willing to switch pillows with me
GF doesn’t love me back
HMU please just want some advice
i masturbated to my girlfriend's sister
My (22M) gf (21F) wants to move in together in the fall and I’m not ready. How do I tell her no?
Haven’t heard from her all day
My (28/F) sister (26/F) has been hostile and I don't know what to do.
My (26F) friend (27M) was active in addiction, I tried to help him, we hooked up, now he doesn't want to talk to me anymore since he's sober
My (28/F) sister (26/F) has been very hostile and I don't know what to do.
Do I (31f) need to let go of (32m) ex?
F(20) m(20) relationship being destroyed by m(13)
confession: I masturbated to my girlfriend's sister, and she's 12 yo!!
My [21F] best friend [20F]'s bf [30M] won't let her see me anymore after I turned him down for a threesome, claims I'm hitting on her
My girlfriend of 2 years dumped me 2 weeks ago and I cant stop thinking of her
Is it so bad that I [24F] might want more than my FWB [33M] does?
I (23M) refuse to go see my girlfriends (19F) family and its causing a strain on our relationship
I am breaking up with my GF tomorrow, what do I say to her?
Her best friend might be in love with her, it's touchy
I'm disgusted by my partner's eating habits
Girlfriend wants to role-play as a frog
Do I (31F) need to let go of (32M) ex?
Is it so bad that I [24F] might want more than my FWB [33M] does?
I feel disgust at my partner's eating habbits.
I [F18] blocked him [M21] with no explanation and now I’m having regrets.
Should I (M24) break up with my girlfriend of 2 years?
Why am I(F18) getting angry and rude to my family so often
My friend (20M) doesn't accept my (20M) drug use.
I'm (26F) experiencing retroactive jealousy with my boyfriend (30M) and it's ruining the relationship!
9 Years, 3 kids and Looks like it is over
Should I (M17) feel guilty when my ex best friend (F17) messages me because of my girlfriends (F17) feelings?
Types of Intimacy for cultivating awareness and closeness
My (19f) boyfriend made disgusting “jokes” about me and my body and overshared about our sex life on Ps4 with his friends.
I [22F] am seeing someone [24M], but I feel too guilty to commit.
I'm (26F) experiencing retroactive jealousy with my boyfriend (30M). Help!!!
My (19f) boyfriend (20m) made disgusting “jokes” about me, and overshared a LOT of our sex life on Ps4 with his friends.
My (former) friend is offended when I ask him to pay me back and makes me feel guilty
My Dad is passive aggressive as hell
I [M19] am in a rough patch with my (Potentially BPD) girlfriend [F18] of 5 months and I am having trouble seeing what is the right step to move forward
My girlfriend has been bringing her love with frogs into the bedroom
My friend owes me money, but when I bring it up he gets annoyed and makes me feel guilty
I (17M) was told by my mother (50F) about two years ago that my father (50M) cheated on her. It hasn’t been spoken about since and I haven’t thought about it at all.
My friend (20M) doesn't accept my (20M) drug use.
My (F22) girlfriend (F23) was texting someone else while we were exclusive but before we were officially dating. I am not mad, but having trouble dealing with my hurt about this situation.
[24F] mad at my boyfriend [24M], he refuses to apologise
My boyfriends best girl friend made me feel uncomfortable today?
I [M19] am in a rough patch with my (Potentially BPD) girlfriend [F18] and I am having trouble seeing what is the right thing to do to move forward
Is she (F20) crazy? or am I (M19) being silly?
Is it inappropriate to be friends with someone you used to have a crush on while in a relationship?
Boyfriends best girl friend is making me feel uncomfortable?
Is it inappropriate to have a close friendship with a guy I used to like while I am in a relationship?
I (17f) think my mom (49f) is trying to sabotage my car so I don't move.
My (44F) husband (47M) won't stop pooping in the shower
I (18M) got my lying cheating ex (19F) a job where I work when we were still together. She’s been self isolating but will eventually come back to work. How can I help myself deal with her return and the resulting issues that could be caused?
Is she (F20) crazy? or am I (M19) the crazy one?
Need help in how to approach this situation with my boyfriend being unsure.
My younger sister [26F] said no to being my[33F] son's[3M] guardian in the event that me or my husband [35M] pass away.
What should I say to my mother for pictures and videos she took of me that I clearly told her I don’t want to post?
My (29F) Boyfriend (29M) keeps getting into fistfights with the cook at Waffle House
I (40f) can't take any more of his (41m) ideas -- I need a divorce.
My younger sister [26F] said no to being my[33F] son's[3M] guardian in the event that me or my husband [35M] pass away.
Is my girlfriend(21F) playing me?(30m)
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) wants me to come stay with him for a few weeks during the quarantine but Im worried about getting him sick and he doesn't care.. Its gets more complicated..
i broke nc for the sixth or seventh time :-(
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) wants me to come stay with him for a few weeks during the quarantine but Im worried about getting him sick and he doesn't care.. Its gets more complicated..
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) wants me to come stay with him for a few weeks during the quarantine but Im worried about getting him sick and he doesn't care.. Its gets more complicated..
i broke nc for the sixth or seventh time :-(
I’m 39 female. My mom committed suicide on Mother’s Day 2006. I’m having anxiety and looking for support or anyone that can relate.
What should I say to my mother about pictures she’s posted that I CLEARLY told her to not post on social media?
What should I do about my mother posting pictures of me that I firmly told her to not post?
My mom Committed suicide on Mother’s Day 2006. Looking for support.
Is my girlfriend(21F) playing me?(30m)
Advice on moving in together?
Paranoid for no reason??
should i (23F) be concerned about my boyfriend (25M) telling his ex she’s pretty?
Gifts from an ex
Paranoid for no reason?
Boyfriends (24) mam (42) has kicked him out
I caught my boyfriend in a lie. How do I move on from here?
I need help with my relationship
I caught my boyfriend in a lie. How do I move forward?
Please share: can guys and girls can just be friends?
Going through dating fatigue...In the mood for positive words/experiences
Is it reasonable that I [M22] don't want to speak to my ex [M22] ever again even though he wants to stay friends and the breakup was civil?
Mother's day
Please share: can guys and girls can just be friends?
I (20F) am terrified to have sex with my bf (21M) and I don't know what to do
Is it normal for my (25F) husband (27M) to stare at other women in front of me?
I (F26) got played by someone who was not even my boyfriend (M26). How can I move on?
My mom’s neighbors (late 60s) keep giving us food from the food bank, despite me asking them to stop multiple times.
I (18f) keep getting into relationships where boys tell me they love me when they don’t and I don’t know how to avoid it
Not sure how to go about asking this.
Boyfriends (24) mam has kicked him out. What can I do?
[32 m] Question I was asked by my gf
Is it normal for my (25F) husband (27M) to stare at other woman while I’m with him?
[32m] Question
Is it wrong of me to want nothing to do with people attached to my family tree who I’ve never met?
17 yo daughter barely speaking to me because I won't allow her to see friends & BF during lock down
how you deal with romantic interests telling you they love you when they didn’t mean it
Folks who got back together with their ex after a year and stayed together, what convinced you to give it another shot? M22 here, my ex is F22
?
Im the other women in my coworkers 1 year affair.. Sorry for the long post, please go gently on me i know I'm no better than he is.
I (F30) can't trust my boyfriend (M34) and it hurts too much
Folks who got back together with their exes after a year and stayed together, what was it that convinced you to give things another shot? M22 here, my ex is F22.
My (24F) boyfriend (23M) invalidated my ongoing family problems but later apologized. I should feel better but I am deeply hurt.
My[27M] sister[29F] and I have never been "friends." Whenever she comes into town she wants to get together, but I struggle with maintaining a conversation due to our interests/goals/motivations feeling so different.
My boyfriend (21M) changed app icons on his phone and it seems suspicious
My boyfriend changed his app icons and its suspicious
Do I (20F) break up with my boyfriend(22M) because I might be losing love for him?
Do I (20F) break up with my boyfriend (22M) because I'm starting to lose the love I once had for him?
I (25F) love my boyfriend (27M) but not sure if he's the one
Not a relationship, but we’ve been talking and i need advice
Folks who got back with their exes after a year and stayed together, what was it that convinced you to give it another chance?
Mt [30F] husband [32M] Fucked up and got to close to his 21-year-old coworker and now we’re cleaning up the pieces
I (25F) love my boyfriend (27M) but not sure if hes the one
My (24F) girlfriend and I (28M) are sexually incompatible. Need relationship advice.
I (F25) love my boyfriend (M27), but I'm not sure if he's the one
Husband(37m) got me(32f) nothing for Mother’s Day.
Don't know if I (20F) should break up with my boyfriend (22M) because I might be losing the love I have for him.
How to avoid fights and arguing with my mom?
I [29/f] am considering breaking up with my live-in boyfriend [33/m] of two years, but some things are good and I don't know for sure if it's the right choice.
Abortion to try again
What constitutes as emotional cheating?? Those with experience in these matters, please help.
Advice Needed - Between Best Friends
Advice Needed - Between Best Friends
He ghosted me after saying "let's me friends"
My friends are shit and I'm fixated to that
I screwed up big time for Mother’s Day, it is the end of my world
Aborting pregnancy to start fresh
My girlfriend is about 30 miles away and because of the current pandemic we cant see each other.Instead we have 3 hour long videochats.Am i the only one who thinks its just not enough?I really want to see her in person.If you’re like this too let me know.And also i feel the same hang in there.
Girlfriend wants a type of sex I cannot provide
I feel like I am barely hanging on anymore. I need to take some time for my mental health, but don't know how to ask for that time without sounding whiny.
I [28M] could not deal with my girlfriend's [29F] anger and negativity anymore and packed up and left.
Can you still have great sex if one of you is overweight?
[22m] cheated on [23f] girlfriend. Any advice appreciated
Tips on having a great sex life when one person is overweight?!
My SO caught me masturbating and feels hurt but isn't receptive to my reassurance.
I (13F) am not sure how or if I should come out to my dad (52M)
Hooking up with an overweight man?!
Something I realized about obsessive love
Girlfriend issues [25]
My(23M) GF(23F) says to me that I can't interfere.
Something I realized about obsessed love
Girlfriend issues
Disappointed in a comment my husband made about being a 'full-time mom'
Cheated on my girlfriend, what do I do now?
Setting boundaries with FWB: a complication or necessity?
Disappointed in a comment my husband made about him being a 'full-time mom'
How do I talk to my mom about my failed college classes and potentially dropping out?
My partner (F18) of just over 2 years wants me (M18) to transfer to her university next year. I don't know what to do.
I (23F) really am not sure what to do at this point anymore. I have become increasingly frustrated and let down by my "best friend" (24F) lately and don't know when/if I should draw the line.
I (F23) and the man I love (M26). We were friends for a year fell in love but can't be together!!
Best Friend Breakup?
My (36f) past abusive relationships are affecting healthy relationship with bf (30m) - how can I cope?
I feel so toxic and selfish
How to handle someone constantly flirting with your significant other?
How did past abusive relationships affect your healthy ones, and how did you get over it?
I need help, I find myself becoming this person that me and my girlfriend don’t like and I don’t wanna ruin our future because of it.
How to date someone way more intelligent than you??
How do you date someone more way more intelligent than you
My boyfriend (26M) and I (26F) had a discussion about our future last night. I'm feeling anxious and not sure what to think.
How do I (18f) help him (19f) find the clit
Ending a relationship as amicably as possible. 18 year relationship, young children involved.
Guy friend made a move on me, now what?
Not sure if i (19f) should risk friendship with my best friend (20m)
What to do after my friend (22M) made a move on me (21F)?
Lazy boyfriend upset we won’t be moving in together but he has never had a job
Problems communicating with my [M32] wife [F27]
Is my gf that bad, am I wrong for having doubts and even considering others at times. (17M)
My ex wants to get back together, but I'm in a good relationship?
How do I (18f) gently tell him about the clit without hurting his (19m) ego too much?
My(20F) Mom(50F) has a problem with my boyfriend(20M).
My (f 23) ex (m 24) cheated on me 2 years ago and I recently found out about it and I feel I need closure to move on.
Question about sexuality and relationships ... (34M)
I found a letter in my boyfriend’s (25m) nightstand sent to him from “Sleepy Otter” to “Bunny” and I (22f) read it and I don’t know what to do.
When I (18M) was in my last relationship. I did a horrible thing with my ex (23F). How do I get rid of the guilt?
My ex best friend [F25] is going through a rough spot in life right now, our mutual friends are encouraging me [M25] to talk to her - only problem is the last time we spoke, we promised to stay out of each other's lives. What do I do?
Sarcasm
Me 20M and my friend 19F
advice would be greatly appreciated!!!
Question about sexuality and relationships...
Any way to get my friends back in my life or has that ship sailed?
Any way I can get my friends back in my life or has the ship sailed?
[20f] friends with more guys than girls, how to make more girl friends?
Help me get my friends back please
Me (22M) and my friend (22F)
How do I (21F) make my partner (25M) understand that I need to feel appreciated?
I [22M] don't want to live with my long term girlfriend [22F] after lockdown ends
I don't know if I have fallen out of love or if it's the stress from covid
My girlfriend drives me crazy please help
I [22M] don't want to start living with my girlfriend [21F] after lockdown ends
Don't know if I should break up with my boyfriend because I think that I might be losing the love I have for him
tl;dr my boyfriend asked me to move in with him but now he's looking at somewhere else to live without really telling me and doesn't want to take my opinions about it into consideration.
He wasn't my boyfriend, but we kissed, cuddled, and spent a lot of time together. Then I left. It's been 4 months, and I still miss him. Is this normal?
My [24F] parents [60M and 55F] found out about my girlfriend's [24F] DUI
I [M32] said the thing you're never supposed to say to my wife [F33] and want to clean up the damage.
I [29F] offended coworker [F33] by accident - how to proceed from here?
Done with this forever.
Boyfriend family hates me, help?
Offended coworker by accident, still do not know what I did wrong
Boyfriends family hates me,help?
My (24m) roomate (20f) are crushing on each other, not sure what to do
I (31F) am having trouble getting over my husband's (33M) mistakes
Was I [19] in the wrong for hooking up with two of my friends [19]?
I [24 M] love my girlfriend [23 F] but I don’t know if I can see a future with her?
He wasn't my boyfriend, but we kissed, cuddled and spent a lot of time together. Then I left. After approximately 4 months, I still miss him. Is this normal?
Men please : my boyfriends porn history
I keep telling myself that staying in this relationship with my pregnant gf and her 2 kids is the right thing to do. How do I objectively make this situation work? Should I separate myself from her children and try and make the relationship solely about my coming son and her only?
Men please : my boyfriends porn history
How do I (24m) get rid of my feelings for a fwb (21f) without ending the relationship?
I (24m) think I’m catching feelings for my fwb (21f)... how do I make it go away
I [32M] said to my wife [33F] the thing you're never supposed to say. Can't take back the damage but want to clean up as much as much of it as I can.
If you have had periods in your relationship where you worked through not feeling in love with your SO anymore, how did you accomplish that?
Share Your Experience After Finally Reuniting With Your Partner Since the COVID-19 Lockdown Orders Began
Can't get over the "perfect" girl
My ex [F21] and I [M21] had an amicable breakup but now she seems to contact me more than she ever did during our relationship? What's her deal?
How do I tell my [25F] bf [28M] of 6 months that I was a dominatrix?
Can't get over the "perfect" girl
Freaked out (30F) at new roommate (50sM), other roommate also feels uncomfortable, what can we do? (Other roommate is 27F)
I (42M) got involved in a FWB with someone (29F) and we broke a lot of rules...
Mom violated my privacy, now I have to deal with the fallout
My [24F] parents [55F and 60M] found out about my girlfriend’s [24F] DUI...
I (20F) was assaulted by two friends (23M) and (27M), who I trusted and I don't know where to go from here.
What would you do? Walk away now with nothing or wait 2 years to get a lump sum of money
Things to do during quarantine with my Bf? (Long distance)
Me (M26) and my Gf (Also 26) had a fight over race and I’m rethinking everything
Should I break up? 24M two years together
I (m 32) voted against my current fiancées (F 29) interest
I (F24) think my relationship with my boyfriend (M28) might be in ruins.
Should I (26F) apologize to my cousin (24F) for a 10 year old rift?
I (31M) left my home country and my old life altogether 4 years ago, mostly because of necessities and a little bit due to depression. Now I want to reconnect with an old crush from my old friend’s circle but don’t really know how or even what to say. TL;DR at the top.
My brother (23) and mom are toxic to each other.
Is my married friend falling for me?
My boyfriend (23M) took a 'break' twice and I (23F) broke up with him.
Fed up with my (24f) boyfriend (23m) irresponsibility.
Can’t find a way to form any relationships, getting more difficult with age 38/s/M
I’m (24F) struggling with my relationship with my (28M) boyfriend.
Meeting gf's parents for the first time
I (42M) fell for someone (29F) who was emotionally unavailable...
Can’t find a way to form any relationships, getting more difficult with age 38/s/M
Me 38M Looking for Young 19F girl to take photos off
I (19F) caught feelings for my ex (18F)/close friend again after not talking for 7 months. Should I keep talking to her and see where it goes or drop her as a friend?
i (20m) feel like i'm losing the one (19m) and i don't know what to do.
Should I break up? 24M
idk what to do :(
20f what does it mean if I still think about him all the time?
I (26F) don't know how to discuss who gets the big room with my new roommate (23F).
Different worldviews?
Gf doesn't approve of the car I want to buy
Me [26 M] does she [23F] find me interesting?
How to have a stable relationship without sex
This situation is all kinds of messed up...
Different worldviews?
Is Honesty Really the Best Policy?
Today would’ve been a year.
Today would’ve been a year.
How to tell someone you don’t want to speak to them?
Today would’ve been a year.
I (27F) feel stuck, unable to help my partner (30M) w/ depression/BPD
How to tell someone you don’t want to speak to them?
Is Honesty Really the Best Policy?
Today would have been a year. (22m)
Different priorities/values
Love my boyfriend but his drinking worries me
Simping in relationship
Painful memories from previous events in my relationship with my (32) wife (31) haunt me sometimes. How bday I let them go?
Simping in relationship
I (F25) told my finacé (M25) to stop initiating conversations with his ' gaming friend' (M27) - what are your thoughts?
Communication skills and emotional regulation
What is the etiquette for baby shower gift-giving for friends you barely see?
How do you stop yourself from loving someone?
I (F21) found pictures of another girl on my partners (M22) phone
How to use jealousy to turn-on your relationship
How do you stop yourself from loving someone?
Best friend is leaving her abusive husband and staying with my family. I am looking for advice.
I (F21) found screenshots of another girl in my boyfriends (M22) camera roll
(27f)(28m) My boyfriend told me he finds “most” women attractive, and singled out a particular female friend of his.
20f how know if a guy is actually into/likes you?
I hardly ever say I love you - and I'm so much happier
signs a guy is really into you/likes you?
Gf (F26) has a unique situation and I’m (M29) stressed.
I (18M) feel horrible after lying to my girlfriend (18F) about porn
My boyfriend says he can’t fall in love, but still wants a future with me. I don’t know if I should stay with him.
I think my SO doesn't want to hear out my problems
Help with unique relationship situation.
Insecure with my relationship w/ boyfriend
Best friend (24M) got together with mutual friend (23F) who backstabbed me
I’ve stopped talking to my bf and he doesn’t get why
My boyfriend thinks I’m fetishizing him when I tell him he’s attractive
I (17M) any girl from Bangladesh comment me ?
Best friend (24M) got attached with a friend (23F) who backstabbed me
How can i ask my bf if he still likes/loves me?
I’ve stopped talking to my bf and he doesn’t get why
Love my boyfriend dearly but his drinking worries me
My boyfriend thinks I’m fetishizing him when I tell him he’s attractive
(M34) How to help my spouse (F33) with depression before or 15 year relationship dies?
I (31m) am unsatisfied in my relationship with (29f)
How do I recover from social media discovery of my now ex's [29M] lies?
My boyfriend says he can’t fall in love, but he sees a future with me. I don’t know if I should stay with him.
I (21F) want to be a better person and make more friends, need advice on how
I (24M) followed radical internet "dating advice" and now I have issues with trusting my girlfriend (23F)
My [19F] girlfriend is deleting stuff I feel and I don’t know what to do, please help give me advice
I [21f] don’t know how to process or support my boyfriend’s [25m] stress and I need help
My [19F] girlfriend is deleting and hiding stuff, please help me on what to do
GF went Backpacking alone on the other side of the globe against my wishes
Civil Marine 52/M
[M 23] Just broke up with my girlfriend [F 23] and I am not sure how to deal with it
Can open relationships solve bed problems?
How do I (24M) get over the "Red Pill teachings" and actually start trusting my girlfriend (23F)?
Girlfriend [F19] got caught lying and deleting texts, please give me advice!
Emotional Abuse
I (31m) and disappointed with relationship (29f)
Can open relationships solve sex problems?
Sometimes I (25f) think of leaving my boyfriend (28m) of several years because of my trust issues. I do want to trust him because he is a great guy, and I'm exhausted of being so worried all the time.
My BF (M, 33) wants me (F, 30) always wear heels. Is this reasonable?
My bf has white knight syndrome
Why should I drop everything for the bride? Why is it always about the bride?
My best friend cut me off with no explanation
Help! My military SO says he’s busy
The redpill has destroyed my (24m) ability to be happy in a relationship with my girlfriend (23f)
My girlfriend (21F) might be questioning the relationship we have (19M)
My [26M] girlfriend [27F] wants us to end things because she thinks I'm not happy
Going through a tough breakup, I am so heartbroken and sad and don't know what to do
An[m46] older gay friend of mine[m25] drunk texted me and I think he’s embarrassed as he’s ghosted me since. I considered him a really good friend. What could I say to him if anything?
20f needs boy advice
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) said he doesn't like me during a fight and I don't know if I can ever get over it.. and I'm scared that I'll never truly be loved
Baby mama drama
Boyfriend cheated. Confused
How do I(18M) make relationships ? I have never had someone who I could call my best friend. Currently I have no friends at all and have never been in a relationship. Your advice would be appreciated dearly.
boy advice
What are the chances you think he will come back?
Trying to figure out roommate plans
Question for the ladies
do guys regret breaking up with their girlfriend?
I [24M] need help dealing with my "best friend" [23M]
How can I deal with my commitment issues
An[m46] older gay friend of mine[m25] drunk texted me and I think he’s embarrassed as he’s ghosted me since. I considered him a really good fiend. What could I say to him if anything? (details inside)
My (25m) former very casual fwb (24f) is now a pretty close platonic friend. Things have gotten weird, jealousy ensues.
Should I leave before it gets worse?
It is difficult for me(20/f) to let go of a situationship I have with a guy (24/m) for a year now and I don’t know why.
I (21F) can't get over something my boyfriend (21M) said to me and I'm scared that I'll never truly be loved
It's very hard for my significant other and I to communicate with one another. How can we improve this?
I [24M] need help dealing with my "best friend" [23M]
My [17m] girlfriend [17m] masturbates to other guys, should I be worried?
(M33) How to help my Wife (32F) with depression before our 15 year relationship is ruined.
Need Some Dating Advice
I [f/31] have regular anxiety, doubt about my fiancé [m/35]
What should I do about my [24M] best friend [24F] being such an ass to me whenever she's dating someone? (Rephrased re-post due to previous post being removed)
Asking a Woman Out after Barely Week. Is this okay?
I (28F) don't want to stay with my (30M) BF but I can't imagine breaking up with him - need advice
I don’t think I’ve ever been truly loved
I [f/31] am supposed to marry my fiancé [m/35] however I can’t get past my bad gut feeling about him/us
UPDATE: My (21F) boyfriend (28M) smashed my phone and I don't know if I should ask for a clarification or let it go
My sister keeps staying in a relationship with several signs of becoming abusive
My sister keeps going back to her boyfriend. The relationship has all the signs of becoming abusive
Why do native English speakers ( Americans too) expect other people to speak English when visiting other countries?
How can I (22F) support my BF (26M) with cutting off his addiction?
How can I (22F) support my BF (26M) with cutting off his addiction?
My husband (32) was subscribed to OnlyFans girl he “knows” IRL
fiance (33M) bought me (34M) a wedding gown
I (25f) haven’t seen my bf (25m) in 3 weeks because I’ve been sick. He wanted me to see him lastnight due to his anxiety and I couldn’t. Am I in the wrong here? I’m very angry.
My grandma (70F) won’t stop giving me (20F) gifts.
Moving on
Moving On
It feels like my partner and I have become Hoarders. Not sure how to deal with it
How do I approach dating with a foot fetish? (18, M)
How do I approach dating with a foot fetish? (18, M)
My (20/M) cousin (20/FM) gave me a bad haircut, and her fiancé (25/M) a good one.
My ( 20/M) cousin (20/FM) gave me a bad haircut, and her fiancé (25/M) a good one.
His (30M) dog doesn't get along with my (31F) dogs and I don't know what the solution is.
My BF (33) demands that I (30) always wear heels. Is this reasonable?
My boyfriend [M 28] screams out of stress and frustration. Last night, the cops showed up to our house due to a noise complaint. I [F 24] am humiliated and don't know how to help him
My (23m) brother (24m) wants to move out.
I (26F) am worried I am not good enough for my boyfriend (24M)
My (23M) partner (23F) is not growing up for us to have a future together
Is it inappropriate for me (M16) and my GF (F16) to sleep in the same bed over night?
My partner (32M) of 6 years is now preparing to move to where I (24M) live after doing long distance for 2.5 years and I don’t know if I want him to.
My stepfather has tried to be a good dad but I feel horrible for being ungrateful
I (27/F) miss my ex's friends (20s/30s).
I (25m) have a now-platonic friend (24f) who is going out of her way to make me jealous... Do I cut ties?
Do you ever feel like you're not wanted?
Bi GF (18) wants to hook up with other girls, but doesn’t want to lose me (BF/18)
Am I (30M) expecting too much from my SAHM wife (29F)?
My [F30] husband [M30] has new, close female friendships, and I'm concerned.
Girlfriend (18/Bi) wants to hook up with girls but doesn’t want to lose me (18/M)
Caught my husband on OnlyFans with someone he knows IRL
Is it inappropriate for me (M16) and my girlfriend (F16) to sleep in the same bed as each other?
F28 dealing with my mom f52 on Facebook conspiracy theories
Why do native English speakers ( Americans too) expect other people to speak English when visiting other countries?
I (18M) don’t know how to or if I even want to repair a relationship with my parents (43M & 43F)
Am I (29M) expecting too much from my SAHM wife (28F)?
[UPDATE] I [M19] started having sex with my flatmate [F18] 2 weeks ago and I’m not sure where to go from here.
My (23 f) ex (24 m) had another girlfriend besides me, treated her better and I can’t move on months later.
I (27M) can’t get over my ex (24F) of 3 years
Caught my husband on OnlyFans that he knows IRL
Me [F43] with my mother [F70], petty Facebook argument going sour, could use some help in responding
Dead bedroom to better communication. I'm so hopeful!!
I [28m] overheard my girlfriend [27f] talking to her cousin [19f] on how to be a "NBA Wife", and I found out that when her dream of marrying an NBA star failed I was just her 'realistic option'
I cought my supervisor [40sF] trying to blame me [26F] for her mistake
My girlfriend said she never truly meant it when she said she loved me but doesn't want to break up. How do I move past this
UPDATE: Coworker (M) is almost certainly recording myself (M28) and other Coworkers in the men's restroom. Not sure what to do.
I think we found the reason for our dead bedroom. I'm finally feeling hopeful.
My supervisor [40sF] seems to be setting me [26F] up as a bad employee
How do I (24F) help my partner (32M) deal with his marriage?
Men Dating Advice
UPDATE: Coworker (M) is almost certainly recording myself (M28) and other Coworkers in the men's restroom. Not sure what to do.
Do we bicker too much? Myself (f/26) and partner (m/29).
I (30f) need to find a way to tactfully end things with (28m)
[38/F] with my boyfriend [31/M] of 1 year, I think he's lying to multiple gov't agencies to get money.
Toilet paper feud
(UPDATE/need advice) Am I In The Wrong?
My Dad Is A Serial Cheat & Is Blackmailing My Mum
How do I mend the relationship I have with my boyfriend’s family? Is it even worth it?
Dated a girl 2 months after leaving her husband
My Dad Is A Serial Cheat & Is Blackmailing My Mum
I was lead on BADLY for 7 months
Toilet paper feud
My Dad Is A Serial Cheat & Is Blackmailing My Mum
Messed up
Do couples that reconcile after breaking up exist? She wanted this and I didn't, but I let her go.
I constantly feel ignored by my group of friends in our group text.
Rebound Relationships
Dealing with narcissistic FMIL
THINGS TO DO TO KEEP YOUR RELATIONSHIP ALIVE
I (f 50) and experiencing a great divide in my family over COVID beliefs. How to compromise?
Tips for dealing with a toxic FMIL
THINGS TO DO TO KEEP YOU RELATIONSHIP ALIVE
THINGS TO DO TO KEEP YOUR RELATIONSHIP ALIVE
I got lead on BADLY for 7 months
Best friend dates my Ex.
I might only have a short window to work it out. Do couples that recincile after breaking up exist?
How do I [M20] learn to form a proper rock solid relationship with my new girlfriend [F19] half way around the world?
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) blocked me on twitter to post a song he made, I think
I may only have a short time to work this out before shes gone forever. Do new relationships with old girlfriends exist?
He (23M) hid his autism and learning disability from me (25F) and now I feel like a creep. How do I end it?
Me [37/M] with my Fiance [30/f] of 4 years, I'm thinking of ending it.
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) blocked me on twitter to post a song he made, I think
I (20F) think my dad (50M) is cheating on my mom (46F) and she knows it.
I (20F) think that my dad (50M) is cheating on my mom (46F), and she knows it
My first love, and now.
My first love, and now.
[20f] don't want to break up with bf [20m] but not confident about relationship either
The collapse of my [25M] almost 2 year relationship with my Ex [21F], it has been 7 months since. [Rant]
Lockdown Dating
I can no longer be friends with my closest friends
How to handle being told ‘we pay you too much’?
I'm (30m) going to lose it all again (26f)
How to handle being told ‘we pay you too much’
I'm (19M) feeling miserable about dating my girlfriend (22F). How can I better myself for our relationship?
My boy and a black girl are pair
Advice on getting over a relationship with a girl going through a divorce
My [32] boyfriend [36] refuses to discuss any issues or anything important with me.
My Girlfriend is Insecure About Her Boob Size
Advice on getting over a break up with someone who is going through a divorce
How to recover from being manipulated, lied to, betrayed, and hurt by someone who promised me everything?
Invasion of privacy by her parents!! 19F 24M
Do I 21(F) need to tell my friend 20(M) that I’m talking to a guy from the past??
My husband (25M) and I (25F) are both so lazy and need help
How should I act as my parents discuss divorce?
How to recover from being manipulated, lied to, betrayed, hurt, and used by someone who promised me the world?
How do you re-establish contact with your ex?
WIBTA for breaking off an engagement on grounds of borderline emotional cheating?
WIBTA for breaking off an engagement on grounds of borderline emotional cheating?
Is it worth it to bring up an old argument?
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months will watch porn when I’m [21/F] with him. How do I tell him to stop?
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months will watch porn when I’m [21/F] with him. How do I tell him to stop?
What can I do to prevent girlfriend to meet other guys through dating app?
My girlfriend (F25) is angry that I visit my mother (67) regularly
I just found out that my (28M) girlfriend (23F) was fwb with a guy who had a girlfriend at the time (the girlfriend was not aware) and she said she doesn't care. Is this a big red flag?
I just broke up with my GF, I’m sad and just want to talk to someone
He [28] left me [26] by switching from the most romantic guy to someone I didn't recognize
Have you ever fallen for someone you've previously rejected?
I (20F) have NEVER been in a relationship before, not even KISSED but things are looking up for me and this Guy (21M) but I'm so SCARED I might mess up or that it's too good to be True. How Do I Go About My First Relationship At 20? (LONG)
I am in such pain...
My girlfriend wants to meet new guys through a dating app
My girlfriend is angry that I visit my mother regularly
I am in such pain...
I just found out that my (28M) girlfriend (23F) was ok being fwb with a guy who had a girlfriend (without his gf knowing). Is this a big red flag?
Was I[19] wrong when hooking up with two of my friends?[19]
I (25F) find it hard talking to my boyfriend (25M) about the future
Was I[19] wrong when hooking up with two of my friends?[19]
It was just a prank.
He(24 M) added me 26(F) on Facebook after talking on Reddit(2 months) and has stopped talking to me after we became fb friends
Men’s Health Medications (Viagra, Cialis and Levitra)
My [25F] boyfriend [25M] have had a continuous argument about expectations in our relationship
I [18M] lied to my girlfriend [20F] abour being a virgin and I’m feeling guilty about it
Does Size Matter?
Should I [29F] give my boyfriend [29M] more time or break it off?
My [25F] and boyfriend [25M] have been having a continuous argument about what we want in a relationship.
Could someone PLEASE help me understand my breakup? I feel like I am going insane.
Single and pregnant
I haven’t told my sister I love her
Living with mother's affair
How to say no to a relationship?
Living with mother's affair
What do you get for the woman who has everything and gave you everything
I (30s, F) need to advice on how to get along with much younger team members (late teens) in a team project
What do you get for the woman who has everything and gave you everything?
Single and pregnant
How can I [29M] help my gf [24F] manage her anxiety about me cheating on her?
The curve?
I (25F) am concerned if I’m ending up just settling for my fiance (25M)
See It In Your Mind (720HD) But Work It Into Your Reality part 1
(F20) I’m so in love but don’t know how to let someone love me.
How can I [29M] help my gf [24F] manage her anxiety about me cheating on her?
My roommate (25M) wont stop giving unwanted advice in the kitchen
My (25F) roommate (25M) keeps giving unwarranted cooking critique and I’m at my breaking point.
My friends keep kissing me
(28m) Breakup with (22f), breakdown and no support, plus covid
Friend (19) dating girl (15)
I found out that my bf(28m) had ex was obese and my attraction dropped
I [25F] hate my boyfriend's [25] mates.
How can I (16M) support/comfort my girlfriend (15f), since her bourke's parrot (google translator, sorry) died?
How to help my (20) dad (50) with his dad's (80) (my grandpa) dementia?
Need advice on whether or not I am free from an Oath I made years ago
Bf (29m) thinks I (20f) am trying to protect man who molested me at 15
Any tricks to be less anxious when I’m away from my girlfriend
My (19m) girlfriend of three years (20f) broke up with me recently and I don't know how to cope with my feelings
Need help with a big relationship problem please help
My (19m) girlfriend (20f) of three years broke up with me recently and I don't know how to cope
Advice on weather or not my oath has been lifted. (I know it sounds weird but i'm serious)
Quarantine has made me (24M) realise that I’ve fallen for my coworker (33F) and I’ve lost all chill...
Am I overreacting or was this a huge breach of trust?
How much time is too much time?
Am I overreacting or is this a huge reach of trust?
My (24F) SO (24M) almost always forgets to the preform oral on me. What should I do?
Making a fun list of things to do whilst my (27f) boyfriend (27m) is not working during lockdown.
How should you react to your bf/gf hurting your feelings repetitively?
I find myself (30f) super annoyed by social media couples
I (22 F) think my (23 M)bf of 2 years has been cheating on me for months but I’m not sure if I’m paranoid
He blocked me but now it viewing my stories?!
The girl (20F) that I (21M) have been dating for 3 months would say that she misses me and has feelings for me, yet never make the effort to actually let us meet.
Quarantine has made me (30f) super annoyed by social media couples
HELP! Slept with my closest friend of about 9 years. What boundaries should I draw?
Married and falling out of love
Making a fun list to keep my (27f) Boyfriend (27m) entertained during lockdown whilst he can’t work.
HELP! Slept with my closest friend of about 9 years. What boundaries should I draw?
i love them but i don't know if the relationship is moving.
I [27m] have been in multiple prior relationships and I have cheated in each of them. I am in a relationship of one year with my girlfriend [25f] and I strongly feel cheating urges. Help
My girlfriends ex is twice my height and weight. Is she really attracted to me despite me being a lot smaller?
how to confront my mother about her alcoholism?
In a relationship, but falling for someone else.
My bf (25 M) told me he feels as though I (19F) am manipulating him.
Is this cheating...
Married and falling out of love
I (46M) am terrified that my wife (47F) hates our daughter (21F). I am worried that they might never actually have a relationship, and that they will be estranged.
Is it cheating...
Boyfriend (22M) broke up with me (21F) over my weight
Is it cheating....
Annoying couples on social media
Is it cheating...
I(20M) met this girl(20F) in our friendship group and we both like/have feelings for one another
Can’t stop fantasising about what could have been.
Married and falling out of love.
He blocked me but now is viewing my stories
My girlfriends (18F) dad is in my opinion crazy and unstable and could ruin our relationship and I don’t know what to do
He blocked me but now viewing my stories?? Should I contact?
Holy shit how do you guys not want to fuck other women?
Do guys always say exactly what they mean? Without thinking?
Is that cheating?
How to interpret a guys words??
Is this cheating?
Almost married the man of my dreams (34M), my high school sweetheart, but something about our relationship triggered the craziest side in me. Did I (32F) do the right thing?
Is it cheating?
My girlfriends (18F) dad is in my opinion crazy and unstable and could ruin our relationship and I don’t know what to do
Is there any point on returning back?
My SO doesn't seem interested in hearing my problems out.
Cheating & memory issues
Me (32M) having a hard time recognizing my mom (53F) with colored lenses, tattooed eyebrows etc.
my guy friend (22M) made a move on me
Guy(22M) friend tried to make move
Came off to clingy anyway to fix this? :/
BF (20M) only apologized when I (18F) called him out
Guy friend kept making moves on me
Am I a selfish cow?
I (25F) had a mutual/loving breakup with my ex (23F) when she moved overseas. Now she's back and I'm thrilled, but I'm dating a new girl (27F).
Cheating & Memory Issues
Came off too clingy, any way I can fix this?
Something you don't want to hear
Relationships sucks
Am I [m24]losing the ability to be a good boyfriend?
My (19M) Girlfriend (18F) Gets Mad When We Play Games Together
Emotionally dependent or just not caring?
I (25F) had a mutual/respectful break up with my ex (23F) when she moved overseas. She's now come back and I'm thrilled, but I've been dating a new girl (27F). What to do?
Should I continue to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday?
I (19F) feel sad all the time I see pictures of my ex-friends (4 19F, 1 19M)
My gf's family hurts our relationship
Talked to my ex of 2.5 years on the phone for 2 hours. Don’t know what to do.
Do you have a friend in your life that, for whatever reason, you know you two couldn’t currently maintain a romantic relationship with, but hope in the future that you could?
My (21F) father (55M) is a heavy smoker and a drinker and it's getting worse. What should we do?
Is my wife having an emotional affair or worse? (see texts)
Why does my mom always shut me down in conversations?
I (22m) just broke up with my girlfriend (21f) and its hurting me much more than expected
My boyfriend says things that are hurtful and insulting but I’m not sure if I’m being over dramatic. Should I break up with him?
My dad (55) is a heavy smoker and a drinker. He doesn't listen to me (21) or my mom (53). What can we do?
talked to my ex of 3.5 years on the phone for 2 hours.
My dad (54) is a heavy drinker and smoker and he never listens to me (21) or my mom (52) about it. What can we do?
How to end a long term relationship with someone you still love (19m) (20f)
How to end a long term relationship with someone you love? (19M) (20F)
[28M][25F] Anyone have success stories of overcoming low sex drives?
I (28F) am unsure about my feelings with SO (25M) or maybe I'm not
[28M][25F] Any success stories with overcoming low sex drives?
Ex-girlfriend (18F) and I (18M) go separate ways before college.
My ex is going to kill me and it's all perfectly legal.
Girlfriend slept with her FWB soon after we broke up
Ex-girlfriend (18F) and I (18M) go separate ways before college.
Help! I cannot sleep without my dog near me, but my partner is allergic
My dad died today
Ex-girlfriend and I go separate ways before college.
My group of friends (23M/F) didn’t wish me a happy birthday (23M) and still hasn’t 2 days later - Am I being too sensitive or am I right to see this as a slight?
when my ex broke up with me he kept telling me he still had love for me, what does this mean and what type of love.
Am I(f23) being controlling out of desperation on my bf(m23)???
How did your first relationship change your idea of love?
Am I(f23) being controlling out of desperation on my bf(m23)???
[22M] trying to get his [22F] 6 year relationship back.
Does this even mean anything?
Am i(f23) being controlling out of desperation on my bf(m23)?
I (28F) am unsure about my feelings or maybe I'm not
Does this even mean shit?
How do I handle insecure military bf and my military relatives, advice
Does this even mean shit?
First fight - fight or flight after 4 months?
He (29M) cheated on me (30F)
i still do have love for you
What is Love? Developing and maintaining an awesome relationship.
High school sweet hearts, I want something new.
30 M is it ok that I broke up with my gf 27 F came out the closet and now I’m doing gay porn?
How can I [22M] tell get my x [22f] 6 year relationship back?
My boyfriend's (21M) family doesn't talk to me when I'm (20F) around. What do I do?
Self conscious male needs advice in feelings
I (30f) need to find a tactful way to break up with someone (28m)
How can I be ok with my BF (m39) being best friends with his ex wife
should i (17F) check up on my gf (18F) even though we're on break?
Big red flags about the guy I'm seeing
I (17m) can’t stop lying to my girlfriend of one year (18f)
In a relationship with a nurse that was already strained before corona and feeling really lost
Is it weird that I (20 F) have never been on a date or kissed?
My (29f) daughter (11f) is a nudist..
Me [23M] with my Ex [34F] of 1 year. She cheated on me what are some skills I can use to get over her and move on?
I hate my boyfriend's parents - need advice.
Self conscious male
Highschool sweethearts. Getting old...
Relationship was already strained with my girlfriend (a nurse), then all this shit started and I have no clue what to do
confused and don’t know what to do... advice please
Is it wrong that I[M25] am considering ending a romantic relationship with my SO[F25] because of they seemingly can't go no-contact with their mentally abusive, toxic parents?
Help : is my relationship a lie? is my boyfriend [M34] really gay and just lying to me?
How to get over my pain from being alone
I (15mtf) wont get accepted by my mom (54f) and it makes me sad and idk what to do.
I [F26] am 28 weeks pregnant by my fiancé [M29] of 1 year (together 5.5 years). He's being extremely selfish and childish RE: a wedding 4 days before my due date. Help.
I [36M] don't feel comfortable giving my wife [45F] sex when she is in pain.
25M Read to me and make me laugh.
A Dumb 15 year old?
Knapp’s 10 stages of relationships
I'm so worried that I'm a lesbian but I'm not sure how to figure it out without leaving my boyfriend
42 male seeking kinky female
What should I (37f) do about what I found in my daughters (16f) room?
My (21F) jealousy over my bf (21M) is putting a huge strain on our relationship
42 M Seeking that kinky female for fun!
is he [m34] secretly gay?
How to get over my pain from being alone
Is it weird that I'm 20 and never been in a relationship?
my (34,M) emotionally abusive wife (30,F) starts to act extremely nice when I threaten a divorce?
Boyfriend searching up random girls on instagram??
I dont know what to feel anymore
AITA for considering ending a romantic relationship because of they seemingly can't go no-contact with their mentally abusive, toxic parents?
Acceptance. Freedom. Realization.
My [20F] Fwb [21M] is getting emotionally attached to me, and it's draining.
Toxic friendships
I ( 20f) have a problem with my boyfriend (20m) on a virtual Spanish app that can also be used for dating
my (34,M) emotionally abusive wife (30,F) starts to act extremely nice when I threaten a divorce?
I (21F) get turned on by my bf (23M) when he chews
I (21M) sent my SO’s(20f) nudes to a stranger a few years back and I feel absolutely terrible. Help.
People tell me I seem to randomly blow up on them in group conversation.
I (23f) don’t feel the need to socialize or stay in touch with my friends. I never feel like to them anymore. I wish I wasn’t like this. Am I just an asshole? Should I keep talking to them because it’s the right thing to do or try to end the relationship?
Could there be something more? (24f,25m)
My [20F] Fwb [21M] is getting emotionally attached to me, and it's draining.
My “friend” chose my abuser over me and is slowly taking over my former life. Am I in the wrong?
Best way for me [21F] to approach my close friend [21M] that I think his girlfriend [21F] might be controlling?
I sent a few nude pictures of my SO to a stranger a few years ago and I feel absolutely terrible.
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) gaslit me when I confronted him about his attraction to his coworker.
My sister (21F) is diabetic and trying to kill herself via eating and I don’t want to bury my baby sister.
How do I (25F) help my boyfriend (26M) deal with losing his father?
My (30M) GF(27F) went to stay with her parents out of state when the lockdown started. She's not clear on when/if shes returning and I'm not sure what to do
My sister (21F) is eating herself to death. How do we change her eating habits?
I (25F) never replied to a guy (27M) I've been seeing that I was really into because he had some strong non-committal tendencies. Did I handle it correctly?
I watching pornography cheating?
Is watching Porn Cheating?
AITA I (20f) have a problem with my boyfriend (20m) on a virtual Spanish learning app but also used for dating
Stumbled upon my SO's porn history
I (25F) never replied to a non-committal guy I've been seeing/talking to (27M), and now I feel guilty about it for some reason.
I have a problem with my boyfriend on a virtual Spanish learning app but also used for dating
I have a huge crush on a girl i went to high school witj
My (26f) mom (56f) told me when I started my masters program she would help me pay for half of it. My bill is due tomorrow and she is ignoring me.
My coworker [23M] keeps texting me [F20] and I think he is into me. I don’t want to talk to him?
I’m obsessed with a girl from high school that lives across the country
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) tried to gaslight me when I confronted him about his attraction to his colleague.
Am I (17F) abusive towards my crush (19M) and if so, how?
Partner, party, Covid
Am I(20F) Wrong or Stupid for Seeing a Future with my Boyfriend(23M)
HELP. First time Mother’s Day ruined by Me....
I(18M) hurt my friend/crush (18NB) and i don't know the right way to apologize
My (16M) Parents (30sF/30sM) Don’t Like My Girlfriend (20F)
Me(19m) about to dump my gf(21f) through text, is this too harsh for her?
I [22 M] am feeling regret after breaking up with my gf [20 F] of 1 year
Does anyone relate to me?
Broken marriage
Why does my (20F) boyfriend (20M) like to watch amateur porn of girls masturbating alone?
Do “friends” really say this kind of stuff to eachother? M23 F22
Feeling very sexually frustrated but don’t want to do it with my partner?
My (16M) Parents (30sF/30sM) Don’t Like My Girlfriend (20F)
Do “friends” really say this kind of stuff to eachother?
Why does my (20F) boyfriend (20M) like to watch amateur porn of girls masturbating alone?
Telling my parents I called off my wedding and married my best friend(m29)
Feeling very sexually frustrated but don’t want to do it with my partner?
Why does my boyfriend like to watch amateur porn of girls masturbating alone?
How do i ask my bf for more attention?
My (23F) new boyfriend (25M) does not communicate or make me feel valued
Important campaing
I (22F)) feel like I’m carrying a lot of weight in my new relationship with my boyfriend (25M)
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) has become extremely anxious of his parents death.
Am I being Covid paranoid?
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) is extremely anxious of his parents death.
My [28f] fiance [27m] lacks initiative? Is too dependent?
My partner (27M) and I (25F) have been in an on/off relationship for more than three years. We have been in long distance for sometime now and my partner is getting increasingly sad with not being able to meet.
My (24m) ex (24f) of 2.5 years came back, we were taking it slow, and she said she wasn’t “ready”. Advice on what to do?
I [27/F] feel like my boyfriend[27/M] is way too nice, and it's affecting our relationship.
What do i do?
My ex assaulted me but I feel like I caused it
What can I do about this guy who won’t leave me alone?
How do I (28M) convince my gf (24F) to stop birth control?
29 [M] is it me or is it who I'm trying to talk to?
Small bug with girlfriend
Do i wait it out
Just got into my first relationship and why do I keep thinking of my first break up?!
29 male. Am I messing with the wrong people? Everyone I seem to talk to is a bit sketchy.
Small bug with GF
Just got into my first relationship and why do I keep thinking of my first break up?!
What is wrong with my cousin
My best friend (20F) is using me (20M) as a temporary replacement for her boyfriend
Should I [18F] apologise to my ex-boyfriend [18M] for being angry that he isn't gay?
The American Duke: Crossed Lines, Twisted Fate
Is it wrong of me to feel annoyed when my boyfriend wants to spend time alone.
My [23F] downstairs neighbor [70sF] wants to be my best friend and it's overwhelming
We’re breaking up to start over again, advice?
I (25M) rejected a potential friend (27F) at work
Me (31M) and my fiance (53M) and issues with my mother?!?!?!?
Unsure about my (F20) boyfriends (M21) about me. (Ft. Mood disorders)
Black Boyfriend with porn addiction only looks at super light skin, mixed, white or white passing women, I am a black woman. He’s also neglecting me sexually and masturbates a lot more often than having sex with me
What do i do
My(18F) boyfriend (M 18) would rather have a long distance OPEN relationship instead of taking a break and meeting up later. How do I communicate that I think taking a break would be better than trying an open relationship, without hurting his feelings?
New hire shares very personal things
Me [31F] with my roommate/sister [28F]. She told me not to speak to her.
Boyfriend (26M) gives me (19F) “permission”
Should I move? I need your advice.
29 [M] when is it time to give up or is it just who I'm trying to talk to?
I (25M) rejected a potential friend (27F) at work
Dealing with a partner who had a mood disorder, is he actually interested in me?
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] wants to start using steroids and asked me if I'm okay with it
My (23f) mom (55f) choose to spend Mother’s Day afternoon/evening with her new boyfriend in a different city. It’s fine with me, I just wondered if seems weird to you?
I (M37) received a letter from a woman (F34) I ghosted after hooking up twice, several months ago.
My girlfriend is I love with a celebrity on the internet and I'm not sure if I even matter to her anymore.
My [29F] bf [29M] doesn’t love me. (14 months)
Woman (34) I ghosted months ago sent me (M36) a letter in the mail, detailing how hurt she is
My [29F] bf [29M] doesn’t love me. (14 months)
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] wants to start using steroids and asked me if I'm okay with it
My girlfriend loves celebrities on the internet more than she loves me and now I'm mad.
I (23 f) am obsessed with getting closure from my cheating ex (24 m) and he keeps beating around the bush.
Son's [18M] fallacious arguments and other Mother's Day nonsense...
How do I [22F] protect her (3F)? (Trigger warning: CSA).
I (23 F) am obsessed with getting closure from my cheating ex (24 m) which he doesn’t give me as to why he cheated.
I (29M) feel like I'm struggling to keep the virtual conversation going with a new person (27F) during isolation
Boyfriend (31m) and I (30f) had an argument about engagement rings, and I am feeling awful and wondering if I'm looking at this all wrong - looking for any advice
[24 F] My parents are against me marrying my boyfriend [27 M], please help with ideas to convince my parents for marrying my boyfriend
Me [35 M] with my GF [30 F] of 3 years, dealing with an anxious partner
I (32M) don't feel I am attracted to my wife (30F) anymore.
My parents are against love marriage! Please help with your suggestions.
I [26F] didn't know that my online fling [30M] was in a years-long open relationship, and I don't know what to do.
Me (31M) and my fiance (53M) and issues with my mother?!?!?!?
Me [35 M] with my GF [30 F/] of 3 years, dealing with an anxious partern
Son's [18M] fallacious arguments and other Mother's Day nonsense...
My [29M] ex [26F] hooked up with me drunk after saying she wanted to just "be friends" and I'm confused
shitty friend
I [23f] feel like I’m not good enough for my boyfriend [24m]
Am I wrong to be upset that my boyfriend didn’t make any effort to celebrate my graduation?
panick attack before sex
Is she using me? spending too much oner her semi not work safe
shitty friend
I (30m) have fallen madly in love with my new gf (32f) but she has depression and need some advice on my own mind
Boyfriend with porn addiction seems to only be sexually attracted to white passing or mixed or light skin women; I’m brown skin and he’s been neglecting me sexually
I (30m) have fallen madly in love with my new gf (32f) but she has depression and need some advice on my own mins
I [18M] Feel Like I'm Not Doing Enough for Her [20F]
Is she using me ? doe she only want my money? semi not work safe
Partner [29m] doesn't want to be with me now because I [28f] may move away in a few years
Emotional affair?
I’m [23M] feeling incredibly drained in my relationship with my girlfriend [23F] as of late, but don’t know if it’s her or the lockdown.
Emotional? affair. Could really use some perspective
My (24m) ex (24 f) came back a few weeks ago and is gone again?! Advice?
My [23F] partner [29M] says I'm "looking for excuses to be mad" at him whenever I bring up issues.
The redpill has destroyed my (24M) ability to be happy in a relationship with my girlfriend (23F)
I’m [29M] feeling severely burnt out in my relationship with my gf [27F] but don’t know if it’s her or the lockdown
My coworker [25M] won’t stop texting me [20F] and I think he is into me.
Step dad (40s), daughter (4 months)
My GF (21) of 1.5 years told me she loves me but doesn't see a future with me anymore (or that it's cloudy) but can't picture her life without me and feels confused.
How do I [24F] tell my friend [30F] that she doesn’t have body dysmorphic disorder....she’s just fat and insecure?
i knowingly let my best friend cheat on her girlfriend with me
My (M25) partner (F25) of 9 years just told me she thinks she loves me as a friend. We don’t know what to do
Suggestions moving forward in my 9 year relationship?)
How do you react if you find out your best friend has developed feelings for you?
My (23F) mum goes through my things and gets angry when she finds something that displeases her.
Wanting to move forward. Suggestions only?
I (f16) don't know how to tell my friends (M16) to stop messing around with me
Ex came back, then said things were “moving too fast” after two weeks and sort of left again???
I [26M] found out my friend [25F] of 2 years has a crush on me and I don't know what to do
My (23F) mother goes through my things and gets angry with me every time she finds something that displeases her.
Not completely happy about my proposal? ONLY those who felt this way, What helped you?
Has the no contact rule worked for anyone in getting their ex back?
Should I tell my ex’s friends the real reason we broke up?
He bullied me when we were kids. I just made fun of his dead mother and wished death on him.
My mom (49F) asked me (20M) to talk to my dad (53M) about leaving the house
I've been really struggling lately to help my autistic sister and would like some advice on the best way to approach my problems with her. Thank you.
Please guys, I need help
Seeing/sleeping with someone with abandonment issues... How the fuck does this one work...
Happy Mother's Day
The redpill has destroyed my (24M) ability to be happy in a relationship with my girlfriend (23F)
Is it reasonable for me (M34) to be mad that my girlfriend (F24) wants kids that look like her?
i let my best friend cheat on her girlfriend with me
I'm worried my boyfriend [25M] might be checking out because of my [25F] poor mental health in quarrentine.
Girlfriend can’t stand my family, what to do?
Sex responsibility
What do I say??
Sex responsibility
For two days now my boyfriend (25M) seems upset every time I (25F) wake up from a nap.
Mom (49F) asked me (20M) to talk to my dad (53M) about leaving for a while
My bf (25m) and I (22f) want different things!
I (25M) was too clingy with a flirt (26F) and now it's becoming a problem.
Happy Mother's Day
i let my best friend cheat on her partner with me
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) suggested a threesome with a friend of mine (24M), is it a reason to break up?
[20f] need advice/techniques on how to kiss
So this girl randomly stopped texting me even though i thought it was good between us.
I (F23) feel hesitant to make the first step
I need some relationship advice but i can’t ask anybody
I don't give a shit about my younger brother. Honestly, his death wouldn't bring out even a single tear from me. Help! Something wrong with me?
I keep having dreams about my old friend...
I [32F] am furious with my mom [61F] for announcing that she had cancer at my wedding.
20f and I need some advice/techniques on how to kiss
I (35m) am contemplating leaving my fiance (34g) due to our relationship being sexless
My (27f) ex boyfriend(37m) cheated on me with 2 girls in the same time how do u cope with This? Advice please
I (18 M) am dating a girl (18 F) who is Asian and I feel insecure about it
So this girl randomly stopped texting me even though i thought it was good between us.
NOT VERY IMPORTANT JUST CURIOUS WHY THIS HAPPENS
how do I tell my strict catholic Iraqi parents about my boyfriend for the first time
Estranged From My Grandmother - Advice?
I don't give a shit about my younger brother. Honestly, his death wouldn't bring out even a single tear from me. Help! Something wrong with me?
kissing techniques
Is my boyfriend/relationship toxic?
An old friend passed a year ago and I’d like to send a message to his mother
NOT VERY IMPORTANT JUST CURIOUS WHY THIS HAPPENS
What is it that makes women stop responding to you?
My Crush (26NB) Is Dating Someone Younger, And I (26NB) Have A Lot Of Feelings.
Estranged from Grandmother - Need Advice
NOT VERY IMPORTANT JUST CURIOUS WHY THIS HAPPENS
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) suggested having a threesome with a friend of mine (24M), is it a reason to break up?
Relationship hault
women of reddit. What is it that makes women stop responding to you?
NOT VERY IMPORTANT JUST CURIOUS WHY THIS HAPPENS
I keep having dreams about my old friend...
I feel like I am the luckiest girl alive because of him
I (18 M) am dating a girl (18 F) who is Asian and I suddenly feel insecure about it
I (35m) have told my fiance (34f) that our sexless relationship is depressing me. Should I leave?
I feel like I am the luckiest girl alive because of him
Bf gave me chlamydia 2 months in. He hadn't gotten tested before. Not sure how I should handle this. (21M, 20F)
I [25M] broke up with my gf [24F] of 3 year months ago, but only I'm regretting it
I feel like I am the luckiest girl alive because of him
I [28m] overheard my girlfriend [27f] talking to her cousin [19f] on how to be a "NBA Wife", and I found out that when her dream of marrying an NBA star failed I was just her 'realistic option'
I (24F) have been in love with a guy (24M) for years and am too afraid to say anything
My girlfriend's ex still buys her gifts.. Opinions/thoughts?
When to call it in? F26 M22
I keep playing myself
Thinking about breakup but also scared to lose him
Why do I feel the need to throw my weight around with my boyfriends baby momma?
I keep playing myself
I [25M] broke up with my [23F] gf 5 months and now I'm lost
17[M] really really missing 16[f] during quarantine, can't cope any more
Bf gave me chlamydia 2 months in. He didn't cheat but he hadn't gotten tested. Not sure if I should break up with him.
What was the best relationship advice you ever got?
How can I (24M) be supportive when I think she (24F) is making the wrong choice in her life ?
When to call it in? (F26) (M22)
I (24 F) have had a crush/been in love with a f**kboy (24 M) for years
Step dad (late 40’s), daughter (4 months)
Has anyone broken up with their SO during quarantine? How did you do it? Boyfriend (27M) asking about a relationship with his girlfriend (29F)
My [24F] New Neighbour [28M] Won't Stop Trying To Come Over [10 days and counting]
Is “locker room talk” okay while in a relationship?
Do I [26 F] breakup with my boyfriend [23M] to move home to be around family and friends?
Has anyone broken up with their SO during quarantine? How did you do it?
Is “ locker room” talk okay while in a relationship?
Can you fall back in love? How?
Bf gave me chlamydia. Only 3 months in. He didn't cheat but didn't get tested before.
What should I do about my [24M] best friend [24F] being such an ass to me whenever she's dating someone? (Rephrased re-post due to previous post being removed)
TRUST
Is “locker room talk” okay??
My boyfriend drives me crazy but I'm probably the crazy one
I think my boyfriend is cheating on me
I(25F) have a boyfriend (26M) and I miss being friends with my ex-girlfriend (25F)
My best friend (20F) has a crush on me (19F)
My[26M] girlfriend of 3 years [31F] keeps fighting with me and im not sure what to do.
My (20F) bf (24M) won’t be accepted by my strict parents, how do I make them come around?
I [M18] feel alone while all my friends have been hooking up with each other
Women with strict parents dating outside of their culture/religion, how’d you get your parents to accept your SO?
my (39m) wife (40f) doesn't really move during sex. How can I talk to her about it?
I (29 M) want to get a divorce from my wife (29 F).
my (39m) wife (40f) is doesn't move during sex. How can I talk to her about it tactfully?
I think my friends of 10 years are noy suitable for me (26F) but I donnt know howw to make friemds
My (20f) best friend (21f) is constantly sabotaging her own mental health on purpose. How can I intervene safely?
A year later and I am realizing I'm not over my ex, and I have no idea what to do about it.
My best friend (21F) has become increasingly neurotic and I don’t know what to do
~6 years
Should I(30m) approach the topic of breaking up with her(26f)
My (25 F) bf’s (26 M) brother (31 M) doesn’t approve of us living together
No jealously mindset anymore
My best friend (21F) has become increasingly neurotic and I don’t know what to do
(26F)I am loosing friends I have had for over 10 years and now TL;DR I do not know how to connect and make new friends ?
Having serious trouble getting over an ex, even though I don't think I even want to date her. How do I can I get over her?
My ex wants me back...
My [M30] GF [F29] is making me feel bad when I tell her I'm uncomfortable with her old fuckbuddy sleeping at her place over the weekend.
Butt dial
Bf follows Instagram models and I don’t know how to be okay with it. Help?
(26F) How do I learn to connect again?
My boyfriend hired our mutual friend who recently became a life coach and I feel very uncomfortable about the whole thing
Why is my [24M] best friend [24F] such an ass to me whenever she's dating someone?
Fetishized relationships
I (29 M) want to leave my marriage with my wife (29 F)
Which would you rather? Question for the women.
The fine line between laughing "at her" and laughing "with her".
My sister abused me and now I have panic attacks.
The fine line between laughing "with her" and "at her".
The fine line between laughing "with her" and "at her".
The fine line between laughing "with her" and "at her".
How do I (24F) reiterate to my now ex boyfriend (28M) that we are broken up for good?
Boyfriend(30m) still has feelings for ex, what should I(28f) do?
Bf (22) disrespected me (28) because he was sexually frustrated
Bf (22) disrespected me (28) because he was sexually frustrated
Bf (22) disrespected me because he was sexually frustrated
Girlfriend waking up from nightmares..... help appreciated x
Are these red flags when dating online?
Trust issues causing low sex drive
soulmates?
My best friend (20F) has a crush on me (19F)
Are these red flags?
(28 F) My boyfriend (29 M) is great, but my BFF thinks he is gay
Is liking sweaty sex weird?
6 year relationship on life support
My mother is mad that I didn’t give her a hug and kiss this morning.
Is liking sweaty sex weird?
For the motherless on mother's day
My moms mad at me because I didn’t kiss her on Mother’s Day.
My (35yo) bf told our neighbor I (32yo) was pregnant when I am not and I don’t want a child
My [55F Mum] might be dating [32M]
Inlaws (70s) argue about everything with us (30s) - now it's about Mother's Day flowers and temperature. How do I deal?
Girlfriend wakes up with nightmares.... any help appreciated!
My boyfriend masturbates to Instagram models almost every day
(26/F) Nervous laughing during intimacy
Trust issues w/ bf causing me an extreme low sex drive..
How do I [20F] break up with my boyfriend [20M] when I still love him?
Never felt this way about anyone, and it's my ex boyfriend
My friend tried blackmailing me
Best revenge for cheating partner
Inlaws have to argue about everything - driving me nuts - now it's about flowers on Mother's Day
Should I be worried that bf likes other women’s photos like this or is it normal?
Advice for a young guy in his first gay relationship
How do I [20F] break up with my boyfriend [20M] who I still love?
Husband can't bear making mistakes, turns it outward
I had a panic attack while have sex with my bf
Me (f28) is missing my ex (m29) like crazy. Together for almost 4 years and broken up for almost 3 and a half years.
(26/F) Nervous laughing during intimacy
I (23F) have issues trusting new friends
How do I (F 58) deal with my mother's (F 84) constant negativity?
My boyfriend (25m) is obsessed with seeming cool and I (24f) just hurt his self-image more
Soldier in a 6 year relationship, having issues
Me (F32) looking for advice on how to get back to sharing a bed with husband (M34) after 6 months of sleeping separately due to baby
Never ending love story, it seems
A Soldier having love problems
My boyfriend(25m) wants to be seen as cool and I(24f) just hurt his self-image more
Told my (23f) partner (24m) that he can't clean the dishes right. He exploded.
Never ending love story, it seems
I (20F) don't feel good enough for my boyfriend (19M) LDR
How to re-ignite or get over an old friendship?
My friend is obsessed with me, and I'm actually kinda freaked out.
how to forgive my brother
Me (18F) and my boyfriend (19M) have been having relationship issues ever since coronavirus got worse and I’m not sure what to do.
How do I re-ignite or get over an old friendship?
I (F 58) don't know how to deal with my mother's (F 84) constant negativity
I [23M] and my girlfriend [32F] wants a baby ASAP.
I think M(25)y Girlfriend (22) might be lying to me about having Covid19
going through a healthy breakup, but holding out hope for the future?
I (18M) cut off my ex (18F) and i don’t know if i did the right thing.
Me (F32) looking for advice on how to get back to sharing a bed with husband (M34) after 6 months of sleeping separately due to baby
Am I wrong for being disappointed in my kids?
I keep dreaming of my best friend who ghosted me.
My ( 24f ) Boyfriend ( 26m ) of 1 Year Ignores All of My Social Media Posts
Keep dreaming about best friend that ghosted me.
Am I (22f) trying to save a relationship (w. 26m) thats already over?
Strained relationship with boss - worried about job
What happened to my husband??
Mental health problems have severely affected my relationship
Strained relationship with boss
I (21F) want my money back from my recent ex (21M)
Talking during quarantine (a mess); advice would be appreciated
I (M23) get scared of any kind of long-term relationships (R)
I (F21) want my money back from an ex (M21)
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) doesn't want to put any effort into our relationship
I think M(25)y Girlfriend(22) might be lying to me about having Covid19
What does this mean?
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) doesn't want to put any effort into our relationship
My (22F) partner (21F) has a cheating dad and persistent family problems. How can I support her from a distance?
I (25M) dont understand what this mean when she said ...
Boyfriend name calls me and says that he does it out of love
(25m) I dont understand what this meant when she said...
Friendships and women.
My ex really messed me up (TLDR at bottom)
Mental health has nearly destroyed my relationship
Boyfriend keeps shitting on where we live
My mom (40something) and sister (21) are making me feel bad about not seeing them for Mother’s Day
My [20F] boyfriend's [21M] BFF [20F] situation is making me doubt my intuition. Am I being unreasonable?
My relationship with my parents is so awful and I feel so estranged I just don’t know what to do at this point. I’m over the edge.
My dad keeps telling me to take a shower and it's driving me insane
My relationship with my parents is so strained it’s not worth it. And I’m honestly over the edge after today.
Am I being controlling?
My dad keeps telling me to take a shower and it's driving me insane
Should I have broken up with my boyfriend?
My mom and sisters are making me feel bad about not seeing them for Mother’s Day
My [23F] father [55M] sent me a very offensive news article. Should I speak to him after this?
My ex really messed me up (TLDR at bottom)
I(28F) live with an ex(27 non-binary) and my boyfriend(30M) can't get over it
Love (And Insecurity) in the Time of COVID
How to be single - looking for hints, tips and advice.
How to be single - hints, tips and advice needed
Love (And Insecurity) in the Time of COVID
Help I really need advice
How do I (24F) tell my mom (58) that she makes me feel like I'm fat?
My Daughter-in-Law (4f) was hand fed a chocolate covered strawberry by a family friend (40m) while in the care of my Mother-in-Law (40f). I'm upset.
My fiance [M20] thinks its wrong for me [F19] to not say happy mother's day to my abusive mother
How can I get my son [16M] to realize that the supplements we are buying him are the best for his health, without him pushing back?
Virginity and Long Distance
My GF 24F peed while we were talking on FaceTime and showed her stream ?
(19 M) Am I overthinking this situation with my crush or has she (19) friend zoned me? (TLDR below)
Girls stealing their boyfriend's shirts
My friend is an addict and I need advice to help her.
How can I (26m) be more thoughtful of my gf (23f)?
I (23 M) want to reach out to a girl (22 F) during lockdown but I want to do it in a way that isn't cringe
He's really pushing his benefit of the doubt
My [20F] boyfriend's [21M] BFF [20F] situation is making me doubt my intuition. Am I being unreasonable?
How can I (18F) support my friend (17F) while trying to get away from her manipulative parents?
My (23 f) ex (24 m) had another girlfriend besides me, treated her better and I can’t move on months later.
My friend is an addict and I’m afraid.
GF (24F) and I were talking on FaceTime and she shower herself peeing ?
Should i (25 F) trust my boyfriend (26 M) (of 4 years) if he gets defensive when i ask about his female friendships and hides things when he talks with them (from the start)?
Bf follows Instagram models, how to be okay with it?
Lost my best friend
You can love someone
I trusted his words for the truth
Is she seeing someone else?
Would it be inappropriate to change my last name to the same as my son’s?
Hard to get
Is she seeing someone else?
My girlfriend's [22F] dad is harassing everyone in her house, including me.
being on lockdown separately bringing up issues in our relationship
Me [22M] and my girl [18F] have been arguying 24/7 in last few months, I want to end this but I still love her.
My ex [26F] is being indecisive and I'm [28M] worried that I'm being strung along
Griping online about issues? Shocking. Suggestions for an apparently apathetic hermit sought
How do I (23m) and my girlfriend of 8 years (22f) let her overbearing parents know she's moving in with me this Saturday with as little fallout as possible?
How do I (23m) and my girlfriend (22f) tell her over bearing parents that shes moving in with me this Saturday?
I’m (25M) is interested in a coworker (19F).
What should I do with my parents fight
Texts and calls if a few minutes late
My (20f) boyfriend (21m) bottles things up and refuses to tell me what's wrong.
I’m (25M) is interested in a coworker (19F). Could this age difference be an issue? Is dating a coworker also an issue?
BF (both 30s) possibly pulling a disappearing act after I told him how I felt about something. Was I wrong?
Is my relationship a toxic one and a lost cause?
why would my (20f) boyfriend (20m) talk about another girl like this?
why would my (20f) boyfriend (20m) talk about another girl like this?
How to leave a partner (45m) who depends on me (46f)?
My (35f) wife struggles with mental illness and now I (34m) worry about our son's safety.
why would my boyfriend talk about another girl?
Girlfriend relies on her ex more than me. Help?
Tired of my girlfriend or tired of seeing her?
Tired of my girlfriend or tired of seeing her?
Should I tell my (27F) best friend (29F) a hard truth while she’s struggling?
This dad (34m) loves his wife (35f) but is worried about our son.
Long distance relationship suffers from quarantine.
Is my relationship a toxic one a lost cause?
I [27M] am talking to this girl [18F] that lives a few hours away and she got drunk and slept with two guys in one night
Soulful emotional flagellation on the internet? Shocking.
My (23M) high school ex (22F) called me out of nowhere when we were both dating other people. What do I do?
What can I do to help my boyfriend stop projecting his past onto me?
My brain is slowly destroying my mental health and my relationship
What can I do to help my boyfriend stop worrying about me cheating?
I [27M] am talking to this girl [19F] hours away from me and she got drunk and hooked up with two people in a "out of the ordinary" event
Long distance Relationship struggling with quarantine
My (19m) girlfriend (20f) told me she doesn't want to have sex indefinitely.
What should I do to have an adventurous S.O..?
I (F 22) may still be in love with (M 22) high school crush?
Is there anything I can do for my (18f) friend that struggles with Mother’s Day?
Was I wrong for feeling insecure over my bf's past lies?
My [F28] boyfriend [33M] of 1,5 years gets angry when I sleep for too long.
I(19f) am torn between brother and friend.
How do I (21M) go about dating my friend’s ex-girlfriend (22F)?
High school girlfriend
i [f24] impulsively acted extremely inappropriately towards my friend [f24] , need to recreate boundaries
Wife [35F] suddenly found her desire...now I [37M] can't get it up!
Im[25F] trying to figure out what my annoyance is with my LDR bf [30M]
I’m [25F] trying to figure out my annoyance with my LDR bf [30M]
Boyfriend (26 M) asked me (24 F) not to talk about my workout/fitness routine to him
Are punishments in a relationship normal?
My [29F] [28M] boyfriend pressured me to tell him my feelings and then laughed at me
HELP !! We can’t see eye to eye
Communication with gf feels "stuffy". How can I make it more natural?
AITA for being insecure over my ex bf's past lies?
i [f24] impulsively seduced my friend [f24] , need to recreate boundaries
What do I do? Need advice on relationship/baby daddy’s hip
My sister [13F] left her phone open and I [19M] that she told her friends she's asexual, what do I do?
I (18M) am in love with my twin sister (18F) and don't know what to do
Am I [26F] overreacting to being upset over an ultimatum my boyfriend [27M] gave me about weed?
I (23M) am having relationship issues with my girlfriend (24F) because of the quarantine.
My (28M) former best friend (26F) blocked me on everything. Need advice on how to move on.
Girlfriend having nightmares... Need help
My (28M) former best friend (26F) blocked me on everything.
Is he [27] being controlling or am I [26F] overreacting regarding him telling me I can't smoke weed any more?
My mom is ruining my relationship and I can’t make it stop.
30 M Looking for a boyfriend, bottoms only! Add and message me at r/AbelTrujillo
I think my friend is cheating or trying to cheat on my other friend
UPDATE: My husband no longer plays COD out loud on his phone
(30 M) Looking for a boyfriend, bottoms only! Add and message me at r/AbelTrujillo
I [30/M] started talking to this woman [25/F] and we hit it off really well, however I found out she's also Bi-polar, but like myself she has been complient with medicine since she was diagnosed. Should we date?
Looking for boyfriend, bottoms only❗️ add and message me at r/AbelTrujillo
Am i being an asshole?
Am I overreacting by not wanting to talk to my boyfriend over a "joke" he made?
Girlfriend (21) is dissapointed and feels it's unfair for me (24) to cancel coming over because I'm in bed with horrible back pain.
How to manage living with an ex partner currently?
Bf (33) gets angry when I (f28) sleep for too long
My roommate has turned into a shitty person
My roommate has turned into a really shitty human being
Me, 18/F worried that my new boyfriend 22/M might be insane?
Why society shames long distance relationships + normalizing cheating
What should I (F20) do about my “kind of” boyfriend (M22)
Am i just being a dick?
Cut ties with closest family member, but missing them horribly.
How do I (24F) stop obsessing over my boyfriend's (24M) ex gf (23F)?
Re-establishing relationship with my (35F) ex (31m)
Me [26 F] with my boyfriend [46 M] of 1 year, are having issues with trust and communication.
I just don’t know what to think anymore...
I don’t even know what to think anymore... this is gonna be long, please bear with me...
Walked into a room after a fight with boyfriend with a loaded gun in his mouth.
Re-establishing relationship with my (35F) ex (31m)
Cut ties with closest family member and now I'm missing them horribly.
Opposites Attract - Whats it like to be in a relationship with someone who is VERY different than you in terms of taste and style, but is complimentary to you in terms of personality and disposition?
Should I(16F) leave my LDR depressed bf(20M)?
How can I cope with knowing I broke someone's heart (even though he was toxic) and what can I do to avoid this happening again?
Opposites Attract - Whats it like to be in a relationship with someone who is VERY different than you in terms of taste and style, but is complimentary to you in terms of personality and disposition?
He's really pushing his fuckboi benefit of the doubt
Mother’s Day is only for MY MOM not you..
Why do people ignore me?
Should I(16F) leave my depressed boyfriend(20M)?
If I asked someone to hang out and they agreed but haven’t said anything about it since should I ask again?
My [24F] best friend [25F] is an angel of a person, but she copies everything I do, and it drives me nuts. How do I grow up and get over it?
I (22m) just broke up with my girlfriend (21f) and its really hurting more than expected
My Thoughts on How it Ended
Slow breakdown or trust over nearly 3 years, how do we (M23) (F20) move forward?
Communication with gf feels "stuffy". How can I make it become more natural?
It feels like my (F21) relationship with boyfriend (M28) is coming to an end and I want to work things out
Communication with gf feels "stuffy". How can I be more natural?
I (17M) Can't Get My (17F) EX Off My Mind
(26F) feel like I forgot how to connect with people?
Me [23F] with my sister [21F] and mum [47F] I've distanced myself from them and don't know where the relationship is going and don't know what I want. Advice, please.
I (17M) can't get over my (17F) ex
How do spouses of cheaters continue their marriage?
I [20F] don't know what to think about my boyfriends [20M] behavior
How to determine friendship from emotional affair, etc.?
Went on my boyfriends snapchat and saw something I didn’t like
Thinking (25F) of breaking up with boyfriend (32M) of 5 years
Girlfriend 25f says hurtful things about me 25m to friends
I think my boyfriend is cheating. How can I find out?
Depressed GF Walked Out, Will She Come Back?
Girlfriend saying hurtful things to friends
Sudden loss of sexual expression and libido (27M) with my (25F) SO
Will My Depressed GF Come Back?
Sudden loss of sexual expression and libido (27M) with my (25F) SO
I [25M] feel guilty for how I view sex
Thinking (25F) of breaking up with boyfriend (32M) of 5 years
How Do You Find Yourself Again? [33M]
Moving away from boyfriend back home to the country HELP
Girlfriend pulled a silent treatment on me, and now shes mad at me for not calling lol
Quarantine alone has made me (29F) doubt whether I want to move in with my partner (30M) of 18 months
Trying to deal with husbands relationship with his parents.
attachement style issues, how to be secure?
I (20F) am trying to help my bf (19M) to overcome stress and frustration (LDR)
does anyone knows if there’s anything i can do to change that to become more secure ?
Self anxiety and self image issue in relationship over past exes (m)21 (f)19
tl ;dr attachement style issues, how to become more secure ?
My boyfriend [21M] gives more attention to female friends than his male friends
attachement style issues, how to be more secure ?
attachement style
Self anxiety and self image issues in relationship over past exes (m)21 (f) 19
Feeling conflicted bc my boyfriend is a jehovah witness and it is affecting our relationship
Attachement styles
My boyfriend won’t introduce me to people in his church because I’m not Jehovah Witness
[21F] Jealous(?) over my BF’s [22M] sister [20F]
I (20F) am trying to help my boyfriend (19M) to overcome stress and frustration (LDR)
I think I have misread my co-workers intentions.
I [F, 24] want to sell my ex [F, 30]'s stuff. Is this bad?
I [F, 24] want to sell my ex [F, 30]'s stuff. Is this bad?
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) of 4 years won't ever be happy with life
Ex bf (24m) insisted we were breaking up because he didn’t have the time or mental energy for a relationship with his demanding career. Less than a month later, he’s in a new relationship.(23F) how do I cope with this?
My sister talks rude and it upsets our family too often
You're my Hero!
Happy Mother's Day
I don't know what love means to me and i kind of feel empty
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) of 4 years won't ever be happy with life
I don't know what live means to me and i kind of feel empty
CHEATING: IS IT GUT FEEL ALREADY / MY ANXIETY AND PARANOIA?
I (21M) am confused as to if this girl (18F) likes me or not
Why do I (20M) feel insecure when things have been going so well with (18FM)?
I don't think my son [17 M] is mature enough to use the internet without monitoring.
So it's the 1-year anniversary of when my mom told my brothers and me (through an intermediary) that she was moving and changing her phone# to start her life over without us.
Misunderstanding with my(20M) cousin sis(15F)
So it's the 1-year anniversary of when my mom told my brothers and me (through an intermediary) that she was moving and changing her phone# to start her life over without us.
I’m dating someone in the KPOP industry but our relationship started on a pretty small lie and now i’m not sure what to do?
Have I misread my co-workers and my relationship?
Is it a good sign that he [34M] asked about my [24F] relationship history? + other personal questions
I really want to ‘angry text’ my ex. what should I do?
I (F/24) can’t get my boyfriend (M/27) to talk to me or have a conversation when I’m upset and I’m questioning this relationship.
I really want to ‘angry text’ my ex. what should I do?
My ex was (seemingly) obsessed with me, then dumped me for his cheating ex
Misunderstanding with cousin sis
I'm 17 and I haven't spoken to a guy before?
Is my boyfriend (24M) actually a disgusting pig, or am I (23F) just being insecure?
Did I make a mistake breaking up with my boyfriend???
Is my boyfriend (24M) actually a disgusting pig, or am I (23F) just being insecure?
I(20M) am rooming with (21M) (both straight) and I'm sorta sure he's being fucked with me, but his roommate said he'd kick me out if we argued anymore so I can't bring anything up
Just found out I'm [F25] gonna be an aunt and I'm not happy about it.
Just found out I'm [F25] gonna be an aunt and I'm not happy about it.
Is my boyfriend (24M) actually disgusting or am I (23F) just being insecure?
Just found out that I'm gonna be an aunt, and I'm not happy about it.
Is my boyfriend (24M) disgusting or am I (23F) just being insecure?
Is my boyfriend (24M) disgusting or am I (23F) just being insecure?
Am I (23F) insecure or is my boyfriend (24M) just a disgusting pig?
Past trauma may be hurting my relationship
Is my boyfriend (24M) really in love with me (23F)?
I HAVE SERIOUS COMMITMENT ISSUES AND HAVE CHEATED MULTIPLE TIMES, I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
How do I cope with knowing I broke someone's heart, even though he was toxic?
I [25f] basically made my boyfriend [29M], to choose me over his best friend [27F], he sounds resentful now, what do I do?
Feel like I cannot connect with anyone
Was I a background character in my own relationship?
Is it okay to break up but still allow "I'm just a phone call away"?
Is it okay to break up but still allow "I'm just a phone call away"
I(18M) hurt my friend/crush (18NB) and i don't know the right way to apologize
Am I (23F) insecure or is my boyfriend (24M) actually disgusting?
Too long for AITA so I was hoping for some advice? Me (20M) my roommate(21M) are beefing and our flatmate (20M) is legitimately being a good guy about it but is also important to the story
From flirting to friends during quarantine???
Why do I feel like I was a background character in my ex’s life
he keeps staring, I'm pretty sure he's in a relationship. why does he do that
Mother’s Day SUCKs (for me)
I (18F) Cheated In My First Relationship. How I forgive myself for that?
To my wife
How to move on from a relationship?! Help please!!
Poem to my beautiful wife
Would you break up with someone for unknowingly giving you an STD? 22M 21F
I(18F) hurt my friend/crush (18NB) and i don't know the right way to apologize
How to apologize but also state the reason for your mistake without it being an excuse ?
boyfriend keeps following thicc girl accounts & has now made one to post them
How to apologize but also state the reason for your mistake without it being an excuse ?
I (M25) blocked my ex (F26) Who broke up with me on SM, she got in contact, help!
I [30F] take care of my grandparents but my family is refusing to stay away. How can I protect us without offending my family?
My boyfriend unblocked his ex who still had feelings for him at the start of our relationship
my wife has explained to me that she does not want to have sex with me because she has gay thoughts
My [18/M] father’s wife [42/F] and I had a one time hook up. I have a bad relationship with him and I’m not sure if I should pursue her again?
I [24F] gave my friend [25M] a blowjob after my boyfriend [25M] said it was okay and he dumped me for it afterwards
found my wife's reddit post, thinking about what my next move should be
Am I (20F) wrong for wanting to end my relationship with my SO (20M) for no apparent reason?
20 [F4R] Let me wrap my leg around ur ear and sit on your face
Why does boyfriend actively look up regular random girls (some from the city we live in) on Instagram? Who are not friends/coworkers/classmates/Exes
Annoying neighbour keeps restricting my lifestyle in my apartment
I love being in a relationship!
Relationship with an expiry date
Every time my gf (26F) and I (22M) have a disagreement or argument, she always suggests we should break up.
Why does boyfriend actively look up regular random girls (some from the city we live in) on Instagram? Who are not friends/coworkers/classmates/Exes
Advice about some basic interpersonal manners to those who might need it
Why does boyfriend actively look up regular random girls (some from the city we live in) on Instagram? Who are not friends/coworkers/classmates/Exes
feel like my dad is emotionally manipulating/verbally abusing me and I need advice on how to handle it
feel like my dad is emotionally manipulating/verbally abusing me and I need advice on how to handle it
I [23m] have never been in a relationship. This sucks and I don't know what to dkt.
Can a Bad Relationship cause me Not to Feel?
What should I do?
Incapable of Romantic Feelings
Was I wrong to ask my partner to change his bad behavior?
I[22F] am unsure if I made the right decision regarding the person[22M] I’m dating.
My [21M] father is ruining mine and my mother's life
Guh in his twenties needs advice on relationship and not getting overly attached to people
I[22F] am unsure if I made the right decision regarding the person[22M] I’m dating.
Girlfriend dumped me over text
You know how they say if you love something let it go?
What do I do now that I know what I shouldn't?
Too insecure to stay in relationship
I [17M] hooked up with a girl [25F] after a party a few months back. She found out my age and she is telling people that I took advantage of her.
Am I the problem or is it a life lesson I haven't learned yet when it comes to relationships?
"My girlfriend goes to her best guy friend more than me and it makes me feel unimportant in our releationship."
How do I confront him?
What are the chances he comes back? Please help?
What are the chances that my ex will come back? Please help? :(
My girlfriend goes to her best guy friend more than me and it makes me feel unimportant in our releationship.
I [29/m] am in love with a woman [35/f] who isn't ready for a relationship
Me(18F) and this guy(20) had a fight and separation but we're talking now, however he's being cold and giving mixed signals.
What are the chances he comes back?
Am I crazy or being set up?
I (F20) think my best friend (F21) is a pathological liar
I (F20) think my best friend (F21) is a pathological liar
tl/dr My ex and I miss each other deeply even tho we have other lovers
Tl/ Ex
Staying friends with ex: is cutting of all communication necessary?
Cant initiate sex, fight with boyfriend. I feel miserable now.
Miss my Ex
am I(20f) crazy or am I being set up?
Problems initiating sex, partner isnt understanding. I feel miserable now
This girl(18F) I’m(18M) talking to keeps on calling me “girl” or “gurl”, sometimes “hun”
Miss my ex ALOT
This girl(18F) I’m(18M) talking to keeps on calling me “girl” or “gurl”, sometimes “hun”
How much does age matter?
I think my (28M) gf 29(F) kinda sorta super dooper sucks, but we love each other?
My boyfriend's "problem" is making me consider ending the relationship
She suddenly says she’s not ready for a relationship
relationship with manager ruining my job
After a huge fight, we lowkey separated but now talk again but he's been cold and distant and giving mixed signals.
Relationship with manager is ruining my job?
The sad story of my partner(23m) and I(25m)
Staying friends w Ex Advice
I [27M] feel stuck between my dysfunctional family and GF [24F]. Asking for her input leaves me with more questions.
Feeling resentful towards my(F29) husbands (M31) failed business
My partner(23m) and I(25m) are on the verge of being done for good.
My boyfriend's "problem" is making me consider ending the relationship
My (20) girlfriend (20) wants me to sext her into cumming
Need advice
Need Serious Help
My girlfriend wants me to sext her into cumming
Feeling resentful towards my(F29) husband's (M31) failed business attempts
She says she’s not ready for a relationship
Taking a break
Am I too worried?
She said she’s not ready for a relationship
Self sabotaging cheating girlfriend
Self sabotaging cheating girlfriend
I [18M] have a crush on my friend[18F] and I don’t know what to do?
I [18M] have a crush on a good friend[18F] of mine and....
She said she’s not ready for a relationship
Can I ask my significant other for a wedding invitation?
Quarantine effect?
I (23F) don't know how to trust new friends
Why do girls date their friends yet usually friendzone most friends?
Did I [30/M] come across as needy or dumb to an interest? [27/F]?
Just had a traumatic fight with my girlfriend
Help me (18M) figure out my absent father situation?
My Girlfriend (15) has Come Out to Me (15) as Male
After ending things with my ex, I found out that my (22M) ex-girlfriend (21F), had access to my social media accounts since the beginning of our relationship.
How do I break up with my boyfriend?
I feel like complete s**t
I think my best friend [26 M] and I [27 F] might be in love with each other. It’s killing me
It’s been over 7 years. But something isn’t right. Is this the reality of long term relationships?
How do I (19F) get over a (19M)?
Does this guy even like me
Normal?
How do I get over him?
Normal?
I’ve known my boyfriend for 7 years. Is this the harsh reality of how relationships are supposed to feel like?
dealing w my boyfriend watching porn
What does my girlfriend expect ?!?!
Attention
I think I [32m] want to break up with my 28[F] of of 7 years and drink myself to death.
What does my girlfriend expect?!
It’s been 7 years. But something feels off. Is this the reality of how a long term relationship is supposed to feel like?
What does my girlfriend expect?!
quarantine is making me fall out of love with my boyfriend ?
I (35/F) resent my stepdaughter (14/F)
What does my girlfriend expect?!
Sleep with someone you didn’t want to Xanax
Did I [M40] hit her [F40]?
How would you tell your significant other of just under a decade that you were about to marry that you are losing feelings and want to call off the long planned, highly anticipated, expensive wedding?
Taking advantage while using Xanax
nothing
Help me, I'm miserable
My (19f) boyfriend (21m) insulted me to our superior (35f) to “save his job”
Living in the past...
How to send condolences to an ex-friend who’s family member passed away.
open relationships?
Overheard my mom talks shit about me, need advice
I (19M) feel like I’m losing my girlfriend (18F)
My [27F] Ex-Girlfriend Of 3 Years Can't Leave My [29M] Home
Is this considered abuse? Weird situation between my boyfriend (26 M) and I (24 F)
open relationships??
Relationship lacking playfulness?
I [25F] keep thinking about breaking up with my boyfriend [25M] but I don't know if it's because I'm trying to go after something that doesn't exist
I (f23) got ghosted by 27m
Stuck at home? May 9th is my anniversary and May 10th is mothers day.
someone slap some logic into me(f25)
someone slap the immaturity out of me and help me think of this logically
I feel helpless
Me [25 M] have been in a 8yr relationship with my Fiancée [26F] But i'm afraid she's not the one.
I (M23) get scared of any kind of long-term relationships (R)
Is my boyfriend (24M) disgusting, or am I (23F) just insecure?
Would you break up with someone for unknowingly giving you an STD? 22M 21F
How should I (23F) talk to my boyfriend (24M) about his disgusting comments?
What should I (F 17) do for my dad (M 60-ish) who could have the virus without getting my mother(F 50-ish) angry
My ex from 5 years ago is messaging me and i’m pretty sure he still has a girlfriend. Help?!
Would it be lame to ask a girl out over text?
My ex keeps messaging me?
I(21M) miss my girlfriend (21F) extremely and it's making me hurt inside.
Boyfriend going through a spiritual change
My [29M] girlfriend [24F] wants to be financially taken care of when married
I(21M) miss my girlfriend (21F) extremely and we can't even meet.
Am I [36m] doing the right thing by breaking up with my GF[39] of 8 years?
I [17F] am having difficulty dealing with a break up with my [17M] boyfriend after his friend committed suicide.
my wife is starting drama where there is none, help
Am I[36m] doing the right thing by breaking up with my GF[39] of 8 years?
Handling a breakup
My(23f) bf (23m) doesn't want me to fart in front of him
Should I (22F) text my ex (25M)?
My [29M] girlfriend [24F] wants to be financially taken care of when married
I told my gf i feel i have testicular cancer and am afraid she doesn't help so i think i sould lrave her and die in peace
My(23f) bf (23m) doesn't want me to fart in front of him
A story of how heartbreak turned a bunny into a wolf, and how the wolf now wonders how to find love again
Heartbroken
Am I in the wrong?
Done (f40) with his (m40) excuses
My (28F) boyfriend (28M) of 2 years still talks to girls on dating apps....
I think my boyfriend would be happier if I just left him alone 100% of the time
How do I get my sister (18f) to treat me (32F) better?
Anyone feel like this?
I [18M] am probably unhealthily obssessed with my GF [18F]
Stuck between a rock and hardplace at home
Me [18/M] hooked up up with my ex [18/F]
SO doesn't share their feelings and I feel emotionally disconnected
Am I [28 M] and my GF [26 F] in a rut or should break up?
I [15M] think my father is cheating and don't know what to do.
Mom and daughter relationship advice
bpd girlfriends
Behaviors from childhood transferring to adulthood and relationships
My sister(20F) and I(23F) share a birthday. We celebrated it today and they only sang for her.
bpd girlfriends
I [f/33] acted childish and selfish towards my boyfriend [M/47] when his car broke down. How do I fix it?
Me [21F] don’t know how to deal with my [24M] boyfriend whenever he’s feeling empty
(27 F) My boyfriend (27 M) drinks dangerous amounts when I am not around or do not pay attention to him. (2+ years)
i REALLY wanna date my manager
I REALLY wanna date my manager
I don't know what to do. (27 F) My boyfriend drinks dangerous amounts when I'm not around or can't pay attention to him (27 M)
My ex (21F) of only 3 months randomly lost interest in me(20M) and she didnt want to bring it up
My depression (22M) might be getting worse because of my girlfriend (23F)
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) is more affectionate with a game character than with me
My (16F) friend (16M) asked me out and broke up with me the next day
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) is more affectionate with a game character than with
Me (23M) and my GF (23F) got into an argument and I had to step back to cool off, how to restart healthy conversation?
How do I stop snooping when my trust continues to be broken?
Girlfriend soon to be fiancée hides me from her friends and on social media
Why is he deleted his history?
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) is more affectionate with a game character than with
My ex (21F) of only 3 months randomly lost interest in me(20M) and she didnt want to bring it up
(21f) I feel conflicted on what to do about my Grandma
I have autism, (17f) and don't know how to find social outlets online since my friends have decided to completely ignore me.
My [20F] boyfriend [21M] is more sensitive to a game character than to me
I am jealous of pornstars that my BF watches
My new girlfriend has been abused in the past and it makes me uncomfortable about the things she likes to do in bed
Regret wife and kids
Why would he start deleting his history?
I (21m) think I have feelings for my childhood best friend (20m)
Abused girlfriend is into humiliation in the bedroom and I’m not sure how I feel about it
Me [28f] with my [29m] fiance. He's just starting to get into gaming 11 years into our relationship and it's not what I signed up for
My [29F] husband[29M] acknowledged his mistake and it made me happy
Girlfriend is religious
My (32M) gf (24f) broke up with me and I want her back
I (21m) think I have feelings for my childhood best friend (20m)
My boyfriend never wants to have sex with me.
Need some perspective on me (35F) and my ex (36M)
My (29f) boyfriend (29m) thinks he should be allowed to visit his family because we have let my elderly parents visit us
Found out my (30F) boyfriend (33M) has a Twitter account to comment on girls risqué photos
Just looking for some perspective. I’m 35F, ex is 36M.
My boyfriend never wants to have sex with me.
what do you call it when ...
Is it racist for me, a white woman (20F) to be in a relationship with a black man (21M)?
My "best" friend (20sF) lied to my face (20sF) and I don't know how to deal with it
Male37 Female18
Found out my (30F) boyfriend (33M) has a Twitter account where he comments on girls risqué photos
Relationship question
I'm [18F] dating a guy [22M]. He recently said he has a debility with curly girls while my hair is straight. :/
Found out my (30F) boyfriend (33M) has a Twitter account where he comments on girls risqué photos
I'm [F18] dating a guy [M22]. He recently said he had a debility with curly girls while my hair is straight. :/
Should SO still have tons of pics of ex?
Revenge on ghosters
BF has recent nudes of his ex on his computer
My (26m) girlfriend (24f) always asks me to “come here”, Jesus it’s annoying.
I'm dating a guy. He once said curly girls are his debility while my actual hair is straight. :/
Found out my boyfriend has a Twitter account where he comments on girls risqué photos
I (18F) found a weird search from my father (55M)
How to help boyfriend[27M] deal with grief after loss of his brother
My[26F] boyfriend's[27M] brother died and I don't know how to help him
My ex was manipulating me so I blocked him, was it a mistake?
I(M17) want to apologize to my friend (F18) but don't want to upset her more
I want to apologize to a friend I've upset
Should my parents be this strict?
I(M17) don't know whether I should apologise to my friend(F18) or just leave it
I (F17) get ignored by my friends (M16), and don't know how to find people/places to connect to new people online.
A fucking sad Mother’s Day
should i (22m) have to pay for my girlfriends nudes? (19f)
My fwb(23M) has become distant with me(21F) after an emotional hookup
should i (22m) have to pay for my girlfriends nudes?
should i (22m) have to pay for my girlfriends nudes? (19f)
Should my parents be this strict
Why am I so afraid? I see “evil” in his eyes. Am I crazy?
my boyfriend (22m) bought me (22f) an expensive birthday gift—how do i overcome the guilt and show him my appreciation?
I [19F] am getting fed up with my sister's [22F] depression.
Why am I so afraid? I see “evil” in his eyes. Do I sound crazy?
How do I re-escape my abusive father’s shadow during covid?
Could more experienced people in romantic relationships give their opinion?
I [19F] am getting fed up with my sister's [22F] depression.
How do I (25M) tactfully ask my roommate (26M) to stop singing around the house
Could older and more experienced people in romantic relationships give their thoughts?
I'm in such a weird place.
Should I [27F] leave my boyfriend [38M] if he says he probably will not ever marry me?
Should I leave my boyfriend if he says he probably will not ever marry me?
I told my boyfriend of 8 months “I love you” for the first time, and he replied “love ya/you too”?
Is it wrong to tell an ex you still love them even when they’re with someone else?
Should I [27] leave my boyfriend [37M] if says he will probably never marry me?
My boyfriend (20M) is incapable of recognizing things that really matter to me (19F) and dealing with emotions. Can you teach emotional intelligence?
I(25F) consider cutting off my friend(23m) over inappropriate comments. Am I overreacting?
I feel depressed after leaving my in-laws house, no matter what happens
I moved back in with my parents and it's been hell as soon as I became financially dependent on them. Should I keep living with them (I'm not sure I can afford to move out). F25 and M+F 56/58
My ex-bf [M25] and I [F24] recently broke up and his mum keeps incessantly bothering me on social media
My (32F) brother’s (36M) wife (35F) is asking me to pitch-in a lot around her house.
I feel depressed when I leave my in-laws house despite them being nice
How do I re-escape abusive father’s shadow as an adult during covid?
How should I (23F) talk to my boyfriend (24M) about his disgusting comments?
Do you believe in soulmates?
My (29F) boyfriend (25M) is writing a "breakout" song and it's terrible
How should I text my best friend’s twin sister who I may have feelings for?
My brothers wife is asking me to do a lot of work around her house/garden.
My [24M] girlfriend [21F] of nine months is going through a failed abortion. It has been really rough for her and I'm doing my best to provide support. Sex going forward may not be an option, and kids are definitely off the table. I am not sure how to cope with this and how to move forward.
How do you think dating will be post-Stay in Place for people in their 20s and 30s?
Finally told my (29f) boyfriend (30m) how I feel about his weight gain
My [22M] Ex [21F] is publishing personal and insulting information about me online. I NEED it to stop ASAP.
Social Distancing When Everyone Around You Is Not
If I [32M] do not talk or think much about future with gf [36F] does that mean I'm not serious about us and is a red flag for her?
Girls who do silent treatment on their boyfriends, does it work?
How can I rekindle my friendship with my mom. Or should I even try?
Fights over gaming
Should I be paranoid or am I overthinking?
Painful memories from my relationship of a certain event hunt me still years after they happened. How do you find ways to let go and move on?
Ghosted, followed on social media, blocked from IG stories...wut?
I know its so dumb but please help
My [24M] girlfriend [21F] of nine months is going through a failed abortion. It has been really rough on her and I'm doing my best to support her. Sex going forward may not be an option, and kids are definitely off the table now due to genetic issues on her side. How do I cope?
(F/29) A guy (m/29) I’ve seen on/off told me that he has a lot of love for me and my reply was “thank you.” Should I have said something more?
My (20M) Girlfriend (20F) is demanding a lot from me while not giving much back
Is it okay that I [27F] asked my boyfriend [32M] of 1y for a card and birthday gift?
Did He (23M) Hit Me (23F)?
Why do I (20M) always feel like I need to be in a relationship?
Ghosted, on each others social media and he hid his IG stories...
My GF [31F] and I [28M] are on the cusp of breaking up and I'm looking for advice. Video Games, Catholic, and more
My (24f) ex (36M) is taking advantage of my family after years of using me. Am I being vindictive?
Just found out my boyfriend is suffering with depression, advice?
I'm (24F) dating a late bloomer (28M) and am in need of advice
Ex gf is now has a new man and dogs
My close 'bi' friend [25F] tries to enforce heterosexuality on me [24F] while I'm struggling with my orientation. I still want to salvage our friendship.
My (F24) ex (M36) is taking advantage of my family. Do I come forward or mind my own business?
How should I (23F) talk to my boyfriend (24M) about his disgusting comments?
I'm (24F) dating a late-bloomer (28M) and am in need of some advice
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) made disgusting comments.
Why do I always feel like I need to be in a relationship?
How should I (23F) talk to my boyfriend (24M) about his disgusting comments?
Ghosted after months..still on social media, hid his IG stories
My [21F] boyfriend [36M] won't wipe his butt
What would you do if this happened to you?
Almost a month after meeting this girl online, 3 dates in, already exclusive and talking about "when we are a couple"... When will I know to ask her to be my GF?
I'm confuse about my relationship
Struggling with my (25F) partner (25M) of 4 years' extreme self-hatred
My close 'bi' friend [25F] tries to enforce heterosexuality on me [24F] while I'm struggling with my orientation. I still want to salvage our friendship.
What is the point of having a relationship?
Boyfriend(24m) just moved in and won’t allow me(23f) to play music or shows out loud near him
How should I (23F) talk to boyfriend (24M) about his disgusting comments?
How should I (23F) talk to boyfriend (24M) about his disgusting comments?
How should I (23F) talk to my boyfriend (24M) about his disgusting comments?
My 35/M Acquaintance (37/F) says she was violated
I lost my companion
I (23F) have made the decision to break up with my bf (26M) and wrote this poem and sent it to him and I am now having second thoughts.
How do I (21f) ask my Aunt (55f) not to bring my father (45?m) when she sees me?
Needs life advice
My [29M] ex [25F] still wants to be friends, I'm not sure I do.
My [21F] boyfriend [36M] wont wipe his butt
Help
30M friend said he had Stage IV cancer & 1yr to live. Now says he's cured. I'm (30F) very suspicious and don't know what to do.
30M friend claimed to have Stage IV cancer & 1yr to live. Now says he's cured. I'm highly suspicious and don't know what to do.
My boyfriend’s mom
Friend claimed to have Stage IV cancer & 1yr to live. Now says he's cured. I'm suspicious and don't know what to do.
Friend claimed to have Stage IV cancer & 1yr to live. Now says he's cured. I'm super suspicious and don't know what to do.
24M Reddit should have a crowdsource text reply thread
Discovered LTR was Hooking up when we were just Dating
My mother (46F) has no self awareness and says whatever comes to her mind
Help
24F can't cope with my girlfriend's 23F sulking and insecurities
Relationship advice, pls help
My (29F) boyfriend (25M) is writing a "breakout" song and it's terrible
I (18M) called my boyfriend (20M) crying at 3 am last night. He hasn’t texted me all day to ask if I’m okay. (TL;DR at bottom)
I (F24) miss having a connection with my boyfriend (M24)
Am I wrong
24F dealing with girlfriend's (23F) sulking and moodswings
I(19f) want to break up with my boyfriend(23m) face-to-face, but I get insanely sick everytime it's time for me to.
Husband (25M) seems to prefer spending time with his friends than me (25F)
What’s something small I (22M) could get my gf (21F) tonight?
How do you overcome regrets?
What’s something small that I (22M) could get my gf (21F) tonight?
What’s something small that I could get my gf tonight?
What small thing should I get my gf tonight make her happy?
How to make my girlfriend feel sexier ?
My (23M) girlfriend (22F) likes to model in lingerie to post on Instagram and improve her self-confidence/promote body positivity. Why does this make me so anxious when all I want is to support her?
I hate to see how this divorce hurts my father
My (23M) girlfriend (22F) likes to model in sexy lingerie for Instagram to help body positivity and her self confidence. Why does this make me so anxious when all I want to do is support her?
I (21F) think I'm sort of clingy to (20's) bf.
Admitted to friend that I had Jealous feelings
Should I end my relationship of 3 years because I finally accepted that I'm Gay?
I don't feel consistent with my love.
I (19 M) and my online gf (18 f) took a 45 day break from each other and when i came back she told me she became closer to some other guy she found online
I [F23] want to stop being obsessed with my boyfriend [M24]
For females only, how should I respond to a silent treatment?
For (F) only, how long should wait for answer back? Silent treatment
Partner[27F] & I[29M] are planning to travel solo. Considering breaking up whilst we do and getting back together afterwards. Anyone done this or know couples that have? Did it work out? Any advice to give us the best shot at making it work? Should I even try to make it work?
When is it the right time to tell someone you’re talking to about your childhood memories and you’ll know what I mean
Considering breaking off my engagement because of comments my fiance made in reference to whether he finds me attractive or not.
It feels like we can’t kiss without him pulling his # out
Women of Reddit: What is a "successful" man to you?
Women: What is a "successful" man to you?
For females only? How should I handle a silent treatment?
How can I (23F) deal with family expectation in term of career and marriage/kids?
Debating if I should break off my engagement because of how my finace answered a question about my attractiveness.
I (F) (22) DON’T UNDERSTAND MEN! (M) (23)
I DON’T UNDERSTAND MEN!
Financial irresponsibility and reconsidering my (2[F) engagement .
Weirdness around my [M23] (used to be) friend [M22] and my LDR girlfriend [F19]. Someone hear me out...
Happiness (22M)
Happiness (22M)
When/how did you know you wanted to divorce your spouse?
My (30F) Bf (32) of 8 months just told me he has a 3 month old
Dads, how long did it take to start dating after you split up with your SO? Any advice for single fathers in the dating market?
Financial irresponsibility, and questioning my (29F) engagement to my partner. (29F)
My (30F) Bf (32) of 8 months just told me he has a 3 month old
Seeking for a serious relationship
I (28M) am having trouble getting over my abusive ex (26F)
Seeking for a guy
My friend (M28) said I love you to me and I (F28) don’t know how to respond.
This behaviour does not bother me, but I do find it interesting. I hear this happens alot to people. Any ideas?
I find this behaviour odd. I am not bothered about it, but I am interested in why this happens.
My [25F] new diet is causing big fights with my boyfriend [30M]
Am I wrong for cutting off my mother even though it upsets the grandmother who raised me?
Why?
I’m (F21) still in love with my ex (M early 20s) and I don’t know how to get over him - we’re best friends, do I cut him off?
Overprotective Parents and not sure what to do
?My boyfriend (M22) sometimes speaks to me rudely. Can you offer any advice on how to gauge any changes in his behavior/where to draw the line?
Am I wrong for wanting to cut off my mother even though it upset my grandma who raised me?
My (31F) 18months BF (34M) is disappeared again. I'm hurt and tired.
My friend (M28) said I love to me and I (F28) don’t know how to respond.
I can’t seem to get attracted to anybody, is this normal?
Quarantine has made me [28M] realize I'm uncomfortable with my girlfriend's [27F] drinking (crosspost from r/relationship_advice)
Correct me if I'm wrong
My (M) girlfriend was in an abusive relationship for 7 years
I think my sister (19F) is ruining her boyfriend's (24M) life
I’m (F21) still in love with my ex (M early 20s) and I don’t know how to get over him - we’re best friends, do I cut him off?
Thinking of asking out my ( 34m ) friend (28f) once this is all over
I (26F) told my friend (29M) not to get a dog and feed it on a vegan diet. Was I wrong?
How has Sheltering in Place been affecting your relationships?
My (27F) sister (19F) keeps dumping her boyfriend (24M). I hate it.
Should I (24) forgive my mom (51)?
My (26F) friend (29M) is going to put her dog on a vegan diet. I told him not get a dog. Am I wrong?
My guy friend said I love you to me and I don’t know how to respond.
Pretty sure I [M27] found my future wife [F21] last saturday
I [25F] want advice on who was the toxic one in a past relationship [28M] and how to improve myself.
Mom found drugs in my room and now acts angry at me
My (30F) SO (30M) of 9 years exhibits abusive behavior...towards himself only. Am I overreacting?
My (M25) Fiance (F24) just bought a new gaming PC and freaked out at me for playing games online with my sister
Worried about relationship (ThrowRA)
Whenever I attempt to bring up something to my girlfriend that is bothering me, it always ends with me consoling her
How do I say no without sounding really mean?
I Had A Dream About My Ex
Whenever I attempt to bring up something to my girlfriend that is bothering me, it always ends with me consoling her
My [22F] severely mentally ill brother [30M] has threatened to kill someone in my family. Family doesn’t want me to call the cops. What do I do?
I Had A Dream About My Ex
Are a girl’s mixed feelings about you ever genuine?
Jealous GF (20s) controlling who BF (20s) talks to
27(F) still can’t get over high school mean girl. What is wrong with me?
I heard my parents (45 M and F) having sex and when I (20 F) tried to talk to my mom she started sex shaming me
How do I say no without sounding really mean?
Jealous GF (20s) controlling who BF (20s) talks to
Are a girls mixed feelings about you ever genuine?
I want a mistress/ cougar
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] makes me feel so lonely
Frustrated in sexless relationship - Need to make a decision
How do I get my sister to stop harassing me about my boyfriend?
My 22(F) boyfriend (24M) of 3.5 years' parents just gave me a graduation gift with "$$$" in it for my university graduation. Should I write them a sentimental thank you including the many ways they and my bf have improved and brightened my life? Or is that too sappy?
My [20F] Father [63M] is Abusive and My Brother [24M] is Turning to Drugs Again, I Feel Extremely Sad and I Need Advice.
Frustrated in sexless relationship - Need to make a decision
Why?
My gf (16F) seems to have a crush on one of her teachers
Me (23M) and girl I'm talking to (20F) don't agree on our current status
Disagreement with best friend/roommate [29m] about our (me [29m], gf [24f]) behavior during COVID
I (20F) have a hard time making my boyfriend(20M) pleasure me orally.
Have I been living on my own for too long?
My boyfriend (M19) coddles, parents, and worships me (F18). How can I stop this?
My girlfriend and I
My girlfriend and I, help and advice please
My son (8M) told me (48M) that he doesn't want a sister anymore cause him and my (step) daughter (7F) fight a lot.
My(23F) husband(23m) has been lying to me for four months.
Is it too soon to say “I love you”
Have you ever broken up with someone and felt sad but also relieved?
Constantly Overthinking - How Overthinking Works & Where Overthinking Stems [MIND-BLOWING]
my girlfriend is a stripper and a cam model
[M30] Sparks at work leads to many questions and insecurities
Can me (f/18) and my boyfriend (m/20) move on from lying?
Help i need some some advice and opinions
My gf (16F) seems to have a crush on one of her teachers
help save our sex life (F 23 M 24): erectile problems and fantasies about other people
Can me (f/18) and my boyfriend (m/20) move on from cheating and lying?
Help! I really really need some advice here
I find my neighbours extremely intrusive and rude and the comments they made were wrong, was I right to feel hurt?
The weird relationship I had a couple of months ago
I [18M] am anxious and get insecurity panic attacks when watching Vampire Diaries with my [17F] girlfriend.
My (22f) mom (54f) never made me go to the dentist now I owe about $30,000 in dental work
Wierd Relationship problem I had
My (23F) bf (23M) pulled me into the water at the beach last year and I'm still upset about it
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) is acting different since yesterday. Did I do something wrong?
Open relationship
Do I (20 M) stand a chance with her (20f)?
My (21m) girlfriend (19f) wants to go no contact today and it doesnt feel much different than the rest of the days we've been apart because of quarantine
Do I stand a chance
Open relationships
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) is acting different since yesterday. Did I do something wrong?
Boyfriend moving away
Open relationship
Snapmap showed my location wrong and now my boyfriend (20M) thinks I’m (19F) lying about my location
How to talk to someone you met on Facebook?
Mountains out of mole hills
I [18M] get really insecure and weirdly anxious when watching Vampire Diaries with my [18F] girlfriend.
How to talk to someone you like on Facebook?
My (21M) gilfriend (19F) told me she wants to go no contact todag and it doesn't feel much different than any other day the past month or so
Really messed up situation with a ex which lives in other country and has a bf.... :(
He's the cutest
My (18F) brother (23M) won't stop insulting my studies no matter what I do
My [18F] little brother with autism [15M] pulls my hair when he's upset
Will this work?
UPDATE My boyfriend’s son interrupted us.
Is this it?
Is this it? [19M]
It is possible that someone who always treated you like a child now likes you in a romantic way?
My boyfriend (21M) is talking his ex but he lied to me and told me he wasn't.
My boyfriend (21M) is talking his ex but he lied to me and told me he wasn't.
My (23M) girlfriend (22F) is not social distancing and it’s driving me insane
I still feel nauseous when talking to ex
It is possible that someone who always treated you like a child now likes you in a romantic way?
My [m21] girlfriend's [f21] texting habits are affecting my mood
My older sister (20F) is treating me like I’m a worthless nuisance and it’s emotionally draining
I [20f] have to tell my little sister [8] I am moving out
Nauseous everytime talking to my ex
My older sister (20F) treats me like human trash and it’s emotionally draining trying to deal with it
My [m21] girlfriend's [f21] texting habits are affecting my mood
Maybe it's all me.. Am I the problem?
Girl (18F) deceived me (19M) and got pregnant, refuses to have abortion, please help
Should I [35 F] let my married friends [32 M & 33 F] of 10 years, have sex when they visit?
My relationship (both 25) is in conflict with my faith. How do I fix it?
Am I wrong?
As someone who values “quality time” as a love language, what means the most to you?
Can anyone give me advice on how I can improve how I look so more girls like me?
37f / 37 M 1 year on and off
Girl (18F) deceived me (19M) and got pregnant, refuses to have abortion, please help
How do I accept my BFF's boyfriend in my life after everything he put us all through?
37F, 37M - 1 year on and off
“I” (22f) have caused major drama in relationship between BF (22m), his best friend (22m), and best friend’s gf (20f)
I think i know the answer but...
Happy Birthday even though you broke up with me, I forgive you.
I found my boyfriend searching blonde porn when im brunette
Thoughts on moving to Bend, OR as a early 30s divorcee with no kids?
My (19F) partner's (22F) mental health is affecting our relationship... help
I found my boyfriend searching blonde porn when im brunette
My (20f) gf (18f) sucks at giving advice
thoughts on moving to Bend, Oregon as an early 30s divorcee with no kids?
My relationship is in conflict with my faith because of Sex. How do I fix this?
My Parents [55] brought me [28M] an expensive watch and I'm don't like it. I feel like a spoiled jerk.
Should i tell him?
My significant other [25F] is materialistic, and wants to have way more stuff than I do. I [27M] feel so lost. How do I handle this?
27(F) still can’t get over highschool mean girl what is wrong with me
How do I (someone with BPD) stop being verbally abusive to my partner with autism? This is a rant and also a plea for help and betterment.
My (24f) parents won’t stop enabling my older brother (35m), how do I intervene?
Am I being toxic and negative?
I Feel Like My Partner (27F) Is In Heavy Depression. I (29M) Want to Help
My girlfriend wants space from me, not sure what to do
The man (34M) I (26F) have been seeing won't commit to a relationship.
How do I (22F; someone with BPD) stop being verbally abusive to my partner (22M) with autism? This is a rant and also a plea for help and betterment.
I (20F) have been stressing over my boyfriend’s (21M) and I’s parents getting along and it’s affecting our relationship?
Ladies, I don’t know who needs to hear this, but: TEXT FIRST. A cautionary tale.
What i can i do to make sure I've choosed the right GF ?
Partner [30M] thinks I [31F] called him a bad father
My (23m) close friend (22f) has feelings for me. How do I end our friendship?
What should i make sure to find in a girlfriend so ican say that she's suitable for me ?
I (M29) need unbiased opinion about my digital presence on WWW and work relationships.
I (20F) have been stressing over my boyfriend’s (21M) and I’s parents getting along and it’s affecting our relationship?
Weighted conscious
My father (59M) is stuck in the past and has destroyed his life through pity, alcohol and resentment. What should I (28M) do?
My (27F) ex bf cheated on me while we still together and i just found out from his current gf today and i can't sleep
My [20M] girlfriend [20F] told me she doesn't find my dick appealing to her.
Am I overthinking it? BF contacting past
My (59M) father is stuck on the past and has destroyed his life with resentment and alcohol, what should I (28M) do?
My [20M] girlfriend [20F] told me she finds my dick unappealing
My (27F) ex cheated on me while we together and his current gf text me and told me everything today and now i cant sleep.
Broken Limbo. Living together three weeks after we broke up but neither can leave. (f24) (m24)
I (M29) need unbiased opinion about my digital presence on WWW and work relationships.
Am i being toxic and negative?
My (21f) ex(21m) constantly tries to message me?
Love Triangle
Question for men to ponder on
Dealing with loss of feelings
My boyfriend (26/M) Shares an apartment with his father who is a nurse and has been exposed to Covid-19, and I (24/F) live with my 70 yr old dad.
My roommate (25 nb) tried making homemade mayonnaise and now I (27nb) want to move out
Love Triangle
My boyfriend (26/M) Shares an apartment with his father who has been exposed to Covid-19 and I (24/F) live with my 70 yr old dad.
I (M29) need unbiased opinion about my digital presence on WWW and work relationships.
My (33F) boyfriend (40M) and I constantly fight about money and his alcohol use.
Thnings don't stay the same. Emotions always change over time.
My (F23) boyfriend (M27) has a lower sexdrive than I do
Missing a girl from high school
I pass gas at the same time as my boyfriend to keep up the idea that I rarely fart
Missing a girl from high school
I've messed up. Issues of attraction and weight
Love Triangle
I [M24] want to leave my GF [F23]
My best friend is leaving for Virginia
I need a good man
I pass gas at the same time as my boyfriend to keep up the idea that I don’t fart
(21F)Trust in true love
I know I've messed up, but where? An issue of weight and attraction
Penetrative sex hurts my wife [27F]. What can I do [29M]?
They way my (32M) girlfriend (32F) of 1 year broke up with me makes me feel worthless as a human being. How can I fix this?
I dated someone with depression. These are my thoughts
how do i stop being angry and try to see his side even though his side is wrong
Just got confirmation that my now ex bf (35m) has been having an affair with his married neighbor (40s f). Also got confirmation he cheated on me another time much earlier. What do I do?
My best friend is leaving for Virginia
I dated someone with depression. These are my thoughts
My (M22) girlfriend (F22) does self harm everytime we get into an argument. We are in a long distance relationship. And she threatens to commit suicide if I leave her. I don't know what to do.
Boyfriend(M27) said his ex(F?) was the last person he ever loved on social media that I don’t follow. What do I do?
Me [23F] with my sister [21F] and mum [47F] I've distanced myself from them and don't know where the relationship is going and don't know what I want. Advice, please.
People always tell me they love me but never seem to actually mean it.
My (20m) gf (22f) won't accept my money to buy herself food
Falling for someone
The eternal question..
love triangle 30m 22f 22m
My best friend is leaving for Virginia
The eternal question..
love triangle
Love triangle exposure
Love triangle expose her cheating [30M] [22F] [22M]
I [M19] got lead on [F19]
I [19F] just found out my boyfriend [19M] of 4 years has been cheating on me for the past 6 months. What do I do?
Just found out that my boyfriend of 4 years has been cheating on me for the past 6 months.
My girlfriend (21F) goes to her friends whenever we have an argument. Obviously her friends always side with her, she then comes to me and tells me to apologize if it’s not my fault. (20M)
Feeling scared.
I [M19] got lead on [F19]
Do you want to make sure you can trust your bf/gf
I think I messed up without knowing.
Is paying for sex consider cheating
I 28M am asking the other guys out there, is there something seriously wrong with me?
Relationship is on its last chance. I (M28) need to come up with a plan to action and help myself but struggle with dealing with emotions. Turns out I may also be emotionally unavailable
Is paying for sex consider cheating
Need your help! #ProjectLove
I’ve never been so attracted to someone in my life but I don’t think my boyfriend (25M) and I (24F) are right for each other
Stache Hair Problems?
Ex came here to see the kids, he had boundaries set in place before he arrived that I agreed with but he broke them all. Do I have a right to be upset?
[UPDATE] I (f21) just found out I had sex with my classmate
I feel upset and i'm not sure how to express it. Me (M29) and boyfriend (M47)
Am I desperate for trying to make things work with my ex boyfriend?
My (20) girlfriend forgets to gift my mother for Mother’s Day. (19M)
My (20) girlfriend didn’t plan a Mother’s Day gift for my mother (19M)
My partner [27M] of 8 years broke up with me [26F] - what do I do now?
Is it normal if every time my ex-girlfriend writes me I insult her?
My [15M] cousin [16M] won't stop picking on me.
Is it normal if every time my ex-girlfriend writes me I insult her?
I (23F) think I have feelings for my friend (26M) but the idea of being in a relationship makes me feel awkward
I (21F) ruined any relation with ex (20M) and would appreciate breakup advice.
He (16M) kissed me (16M) for a bet.. But he might love me for real
How can people be so mature about breakups?
My girlfriend doesn't trust me
why are BBC-rapists scared to do it
I made a mistake!
Boyfriend (28) lies about watching porn, but doesn’t want me (28) to watch porn.
I (25f) recreated my boyfriend’s (21m) favorite anime and it backfired
My Father Might Die
My father might die...
Boyfriend (28) doesn’t want me (28) to watch porn and claims he doesn’t watch it either but continues to lie about it
My [26F] husband [31M] of only a couple of months won’t stop complaining about how quarantine doesn’t allow him to masturbate as frequently
How can I (23F) communicate more effectively with my boyfriend (27M) during sex?
I feel like no one cares about me
Me (28M) have a sensitive girlfriend (27F)
My ex(F22) and i (M27), who still get along, and spend a bit of time together have been having disagreements when it comes to sex
Mother [59f] tried to give away my [29f] puppies.
My obese balding partner told me I look like a 'fat dyke' and I need to wear more make up.
My ex(F22) and i (M27), who still get along, and spend a bit of time together have been having disagreements when it comes to sex
Me (28M) have a sensitive girlfriend (27F)
How to break up with someone you love?
My MIL Is giving my SIL 17F a hard time about her relationship like she did to me 21F. How can I help her out ?
(F/27) Have an off/on thing with (M/28), but he told me today he “has a lot of love for me”
How to break up with someone you love?
How to break up with someone you love?
I need your help
How to break up with someone you love?
I need your help
Have you ever had a falling out with your best friend?
I need help
I think she’s the one
Annoyed by her child
should i tell the girlfriend that her boyfriend is flirting with me?
Annoyed by her child
Struggling after my girl went home (M&F/20)
Struggling after my girl went home
I (24F) feel horrible because ex (25M) left me and I had to come stay with my mother (65F) who had crazy narcissistic tendencies and it's driving me insane.
Struggling after my girl went home
I don’t know if I want to stay with my girlfriend
My (F/20) fwb (M/30) is acting strange
Letting people down gently?
My (F/20) fwb (M/30) is acting strange
Obsessive jealousy and break up, I am getting sick
My fwb is acting strange
I argeed to let my friend/supposed to be flatmate to have the master bedroom in the 4 bedroom house we rent because I wasn't fussed about it but my partner never spoke up and moved us into it a day before her moving in.
I [27M] struggle to commit past dating, possibly due to FOMO, despite wanting to start building a family
unsure if i (22f) want to be with partner (21m) for the long term
How do I stop men from putting me (F22) on a pedestal?
My roommate (M/22) won't stop touching me (M/23) and constantly invades my personal space.
How do I stop me from putting me [F22] on a pedestal
My (M/23) gay roommate (M/22) won't stop touching me and refuses to give me personal space.
My relationship (25M & 25F) is a roller coaster.
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) backtracked on his invitation
How can I help my partner realize she’s beautiful and increase her confidence?
How can I help my partner realize she’s beautiful and increase her confidence?
How to recover from a broken LDR when you still love them and nothing was different?
How do I stop running from guys that care about me?!
I got used and ditched for a year.
How do I stop thinking about the person that I think is the love of my life?
I (27F) don't know how to break it off with my partner (35M) who's had a hard time trusting me.
I (25f) don’t know how to handle new connection with estranged father (45m?)
My (19m) girlfriend (17f) has been lying to me for 3 years.
My (19m) girlfriend (17f) has been lying to me for 3 years.
I’m supposed to move in with my partner, but I’m not sure whether I should?
[NSFW] My (19F) sexuality and my boyfriend's (20M) communication.
I (23F) have a very complicated love triangle with my BF(23M) and my BFF(23M)
I'm [32/M] having trust issues with my fiance[31/F]
I don't even know what to title this
Me [23 M] know I'm in the wrong, but need advice between my Ex [23 F] and her roommate
I don't even know what to title this
Is he lying to me just to break up with me?
Found his throwaway account by accident
I (26/M) got falsely accused years ago and my sister (24/F) won't speak to me
I have a history of cheating so my partner (M42) now wants our relationship to be one where I (F32) can have sex with whoever I want provided he gets to watch...
My boyfriend doesn't know how to process emotions
Currently in a very happy relationship, thoughts and feelings for my ex keep popping into my head, though.
Opening up the relationship
I (24F) have a very complicated love triangle with my BF (24M) and BFF(24M) and don´t know what to do.
I [15F] feel like my family likes my cousins more than me
I (21M) broke up with my long distance girlfriend (21F) of 2 years, months ago and can't move on
My (29 M) girlfriend (25 F) won't have sex or live together before marriage. I want to stay with her anyway. Is this a terrible idea?
My (21f) boyfriend (23m) thinks i lost my virginity to someone (22m) else. I don’t think so. Please help.
I (19F) lost my father recently and it’s taking a toll on my relationship with my bf (19M)
How to easily improve your relationship with a girl.
how to easily improve your relationship with a girl.
How to easily improve your relationship with a girl.
I (F19) lost my dad recently and I think it’s taking a toll on my relationship with my bf (M19)
I [19, M] feel really bad for my father [63]
Can't stop thinking about summer fling from 3 years ago
I [19, M] feel really bad for my father [63]
Am I (22F)) overthinking my boyfriend (30M) not wanting sex any more?
My [19M] girlfriend [20F] who cheated wants to support me after my mother passed away recently. I have nobody else.
I (20F) think that my friend (20M) has a crush on me, how do I let him down easy?
I (F18) feel like my boyfriend (M18) is too irresponsible / immature, but I really care about him
Long Distance Relationship Trouble
I(20F) think that my friend (20M) has a crush on me, how do I let him down easy?
I (18M) just found out my (18F) girlfriend got drunk and took a piss on a fence in front of a few people including guys.
Will I miss out by not having a girlfriend in highschool?
My son and step daughter fight constantly and I can't tell if its a blended family issue or a normal sibling issue
Virgin in crisis
Will I miss out by not having a girlfriend in highschool?
Boyfriend contacted old flames
How to break up
I (18M) just found out my girlfriend (18F) decided to get wasted and decided to piss on someone’s fence in front of a guy, am I just overreacting about feeling worried/weird about this?
Not sure if it’s covid-19 or if me [m29] and my partner [f26] have hit the end of the road
I (18M) just found out my (18F) girlfriend is wasted, and went and peed on someone’s fence in front of another guy. Am I wrong to feel slightly worried/weird?
I am very confused of my current relationship
I’m not sure if it’s Covid-19 or if me [29m] and my long term partner [26f] have hit the end of the road
How to breakup
I am very confused about my current relationship
I (26M) am very confused about the relationship with my 28F GF
I post this to stress the importance of expressing clearly how you feel
High School Sweetheart Woes
Boyfriend still in contact w past hook ups
I (26M) am very confused about the relationship with my 28F gf.
How do you deal with not having a best friend?
Looking for woman’s perspective on an ex’s behavior
I can use some advice
Relationship Advise - Past Hook Ups
Looking for Female POV on ex-relationship
Why don't you have a best friend? If you did, what happened?
My bf’s son interrupted us.
Being in a relationship with someone who was emotionally unavailable drained all my confidence
Am I in the wrong? What do I do?
Need some advice on how to handle breaking up with my narcissist ex fiance (warning long post)
should i stop talking to the girl i really like?
I caught feelings for my bestfriend
should i stop talking to a girl i really like?
Need to vent and some advice breaking up with my narcissist ex fiance (warning long post)
How do I dress to meet my girlfriend’s parents?
Was ghosting my(M20s) friend(F20s) the right thing?
Boyfriends ex passed away. I noticed he changed his Instagram icon to a picture of him and her.
My f25 relationship and my life are making me depressed. How do I deal with anger and sadness.
My GF has a private Insta and OF and didn’t tell me
My (34/M) husband and I (34/F) got into a crazy fight and it was publicized
I [18F] feel like my relationship with my sister [21F] is falling apart
I (23/F) did it
Girlfriend [21f] told me she is (was) addicted to sexting with strangers.
Would you ever speak to your partner like this?
I’m (M21) questioning if I made the right decision giving someone (F22) an ultimatum.
Wth do I do? My [22m] gf [21f] told me she is addicted to sexting with strangers and trying to get over it.
I’m (24F) pretty sure my boyfriends’ best friends’ fiancé is in love with my boyfriend
My mom (50F) ALWAYS uses the bathroom with the door wide open, and it makes me (21F) very uncomfortable.
Not sure what to do...
I’m (M/21) conflicted as to whether or not I made a mistake with a message that I sent to woman 22
Not sure what to do...
My boyfriend (21M) thinks I am gatekeeping addiction (20F)
I (18m) let down my significant other (18f)
I (25F) want to sell feet pics but my BF (25M) says he's against the idea and that he feels hurt that I want to do it
Would you ever talk to your partner this way?
I (f26) want to get back together with my ex (m24)
First Mothers Day
I need to know what you guys think about this situation....
Should I (22f) go with my mom (49f) to see my grandparents?
I (25F) want to sell feet pics but my BF (25M) says he doesn't support it and that he's hurt about me wanting to do it
I(19f) am feeling very disappointed at my husband(27m)'s lack of reaction to my promotion
Will the aftermath of COVID-19 create an easier dating arena?
Long lost sister(18) found me (22M), but I didn’t want a sister.
[M28] Girlfriend [F24] won't have children with me unless I retire from the Navy
My GF has a private insta and OF and didn’t tell me
Should I tell my siblings that my parents health is not as good as they think?
Long lost sister(18) found me (22M), but I didn’t want a sister.
7rvtc
Should I tell future girlfriends I am bisexual?
I(36f) keep having dreams about my abusive ex (43m)
I’m (23F) pretty sure my boyfriends’ best friends’ fiancé is in love with my boyfriend
Boyfriend has collection of photos of his (girl)friends on his phone... help?
Need to get over feelings for a friend
[27M]If she’s a virgin, Why does she keep asking me sexual questions?
Is this a love triangle? (16F)
Am I asking for too much?
Can’t get over feelings for a friend
Roommate wants to move out, we just re-signed our lease??
Married woman [39F] wants to have an affair with me [30M]
I (25F) love my BF (28F) very much but our sex life is crushing me emotionally.
Is this cheating
Roommate wants to move out, but we just signed the lease?
Married women [39F] wants to have an affair with me [30M]
About last night...
I (25F) love my BF (28F) very much but our sex life is crushing me emotionally.
Is this cheating?
Brother wanting too much attention from my boyfriend during quarantine. What do I do?
Am I asking for too much?
At what age should an inexperienced person just give up?
Affected
I (18F) get insecure when my boyfriend (M20) looks or compliments other girls
My GF (24f) got really drunk and assaulted me (31m).
I (18F) get insecure when my boyfriend (20M) compliments or looks at other women.
Is this cheating
I (18F) get very insecure when my (20M) boyfriend compliments or looks at other women
Confused, hurt and bewildered
I (18F) get very insecure when my (20M) boyfriend finds other girls cute or attractive
My GF (24f) got really drunk and verbally assaulted me (31m) and tried to hit me several times last night.
My [19M] Girlfriend [19F] wants me to cheat on her because she feels sexually inadequate
FWB sleeping with loads of other women - should I care?
GFs past
FWB sleeping with loads of other women - should I care?
I [24F] might be falling out of love with my boyfriend [28M] of over five years, and I’m terrified
I (M24) recently started “going on walks” at the park with my ex girlfriend (F24) I dated for 7 years, who is currently seeing someone else.
I feel neglected by my depressed friend and I don't know if I should be concerned or pissed.
I [29 F] am living with the roommate from hell [22 M] during quarantine and it feels like there's no way out
Am I Being Bitter?
Disrespectful inconsiderate roommate
Would I be an asshole for reporting my soon to be ex husband for adultery?
Im a guy and height doesn’t really matter but I’d prefer a girl my height
I met a girl once and she's been on my mind since
Is it common for a husband (68) to barely do anything for a wife (61) on Mother’s Day?
Help me please
Is it cheating if you’re on a temporary break?
Confused, hurt and bewildered
When do you realize it’s you?
Slept with guy, guy becomes roommate, I fall for him, but him?
Is it common for a husband (68) to barely do anything for a wife (61) on Mother’s Day?
Is it a bad idea to "restart" a "friendship" with a girl?
Is it common for a husband to barely do anything for a wife on Mother’s Day?
My (24 F) recovering alcoholic Boyfriend (25) is now obsessed with non-alcoholic​. beer. Could use some insight.
Is it a bad idea to "Restart" a so called "Friendship"
My (25m) girlfriends (25f) sister (20f), never shows appreciation for food or groceries that I buy for her, OR my girlfriend is being jealous that I’m doing so. Maybe both? Or am I crazy and just expecting too much?
i broke trust and now i know he's lying
i broke trust and now i know he's lying
i messed up and i'm paying the price
I (F/27) don’t want my husbands (28/M) older brother or mother coming over our house.
My (28M) girlfriend (20F) has marks on her body thats suggest she is cheating but she denies it
My (24M) brother (23M) is fucking a married woman and doesn't understand why I won't support him
How do I stop being an orbiter?
It has been two years since I broke up with a serious GF, and I still am not really interested in dating. Is this normal?
My (20F) Girlfriend is mad at me (21M) because I got up at night to work on my dissertation
Gf broke up with me during lock down, trying to win her back.
It has been two years since I broke up with a serious GF, and I still am not really interested in dating. Is this normal?
I [F, 26] need some serious advice regarding my long term relationship with my boyfriend [M, 26]
Should I wait on my ex or just give up?
Why did I (27M) get ghosted?
Everything is good now, but I (41f) still get randomly furious/sad that he (42m) cheated on me 1.5 years ago.
Got Accused of Trying to Take Advantage of My GF
Really confusing interaction.
How do I (22 F) have a functional adult relationship with my parents (48M, 43F)?
I just deleted all of the memories I had of my first love
I just deleted all the memories I had of my first love
I (22F) have no clue how to have an appropriate functional relationship with my parents (48 M, 43 F), how do I build one?
My neighbor [60sM] will not stop talking to me [25F]
Why do some people hide their age on dating apps?
Got Accused Of Trying to Rape My Girlfriend
My(22f) relationship with my father(48m) makes me so frustrated that at times I want to cut off contact with him. I don't think I have a good enough reason to, but even talking to or texting him seems to ruin my day. Is this preventable?
Worst guy and she never knew
My crush 25 (m) might be interested in me I’m not sure but my friends are telling me he is help?
I'm [23/F] seriously considering calling off my engagement with my fiance. [23/M]
My (34/f) husband (35/m) will not wear a mask or wash his hands and it’s making me anxious
Loving someone different
I (20F) am unsure of my relationship with my (21M) boyfriend
my bff wont leave her toxic bf. is there anything i can say to help her through this?
I'm [25f] stuck overseas from my fiance [26m of 4 years] - major arguments, silent treatments, and just not handling it well is taring us apart. I really need advice.
tl;dr my bff wont leave her toxic bf
my bff wont leave her toxic bf
my friend wont leave her toxic boyfriend
My (27F) boyfriends (32M) sister (29F) is still having her wedding in June. Should we go?
Is it wrong of me (23F) for feeling mad that my boyfriend (29M) didnt get me anything for my birthday but is getting his mom a gift for mothers day/birthday and also his downstairs roommates a gift for having their baby?
Please need some advice??
Is it wrong of me (23F) to be mad at my boyfriend (29M) because he got a present for his mom for her birthday and also about to get his downstairs roommates a present for their new baby but NOT get me anything for my birthday?
Need some sound advice
A stalking ex-boyfriend has ruined my [22M] budding relationship with a new girl [21F].
Was this a relationship?
After 4.5 years of consistent and frequent sex, my boyfriend (29M) suddenly doesn’t want to have sex with me (25F) anymore. What can I do?
A stalking ex-boyfriend has ruined my [22M] blossoming relationship.
dad (M61) has no respect for My (26F) boundaries
How do I (30s F) deal with a manipulative boss (40s F) ?
I (M19) want to ghost my best friend (F19) of 2 years because I like her.
Need help making a long distance relationship a real relationship
Should I (21F) stop being friends with my best friend (21F) over her inappropriate friendship with my boyfriend (21M)?
Am I wrong??
Scared and uncertain
E
Need help at developing relationship at a distance and want to make it a real relationship some day
I (19M) told my step sister (20F) that I don't consider her or her siblings family and my mom kicked me out of the house.
Best friend’s manipulative ex reached out to me to talk to her, should I let her know?
Should I (21F) stop being friends with my best friend (21F) over her inappropriate friendship with my boyfriend (21M)?
I can't make myself leave a toxic relationship
My (21M) girlfriend (22F) says doesn’t feel like talking with no explanation. She says she’s okay and still loves me and all that but isn’t telling me what’s going on
Bf texts and calls all day but only comes over for 4 hours once a week for sex?
Guys....What can I do to be a better girlfriend?
How did you know?
My boyfriend is not attracted to me anymore
Do guys line up dates with multiple women and how do I stand out?
My (22M) boyfriend (22M) is acting distant due to personal issues and I don't know what else I can do to help
Need an outsiders perspective
My girlfriend[F21] will not return sex to me [F22]
Should I (21M) send my girlfriends (20F) mom flowers for Mothers Day?
Should I (21M) send flowers to my girlfriends (20F) mom for Mother’s Day?
How do I [29F] support my partner [27M] of 2 years with racism problems?
My girlfriend[F21] won’t give back sex to me [F22]
What is it like to text your SO when you have depression?
I’m (20F) starting to lose patience with my boyfriend (21M)
Ex was totally forceful, just kept going and didn’t stop, again.
I [29/f] am in an unhealthy relationship with him [34/m] and don't know if it's salvageable or it's time to call it quits.
Me [31F] with my friend [32F] of two years. She's bipolar, she's going downhill, I feel that I'm her only (or at least greatest) sense of support and I don't have the strength to help her. Please, what do I do?
I(25F) told my boyfriend (42M) I hated him and now we are done for good.
I (M17) keep thinking about breaking up with my partner (F17).
How to let go of resenting my (32F) mother (60F)?
My (19f) boyfriend's (19m) mom is emotionally manipulative and wont let me see him, and he blames himself.
Depression in a Relationship
My boyfriend has a baby that's not ours.
Ex [19F] still very close but sways between hot & cold; mixed signals when she talks to me [22M]
Depression in a Relationship
Depression in a Relationship
I [21m] am considering confessing my feelings for a girl [19f]I’ve been hanging out with.
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) want to move in together, my best friend (23F) is very verbally against it for some reason
I (24f) need advice on a situation concerning my husband (26m)
I [21m] am considering confessing my feelings for a girl [19f]I’ve been hanging out with.
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) is liking his ex's sexy pictures on Instagram
Advice needed please.
Not a “couples” couple
Not being a couple-y couple
Sharing a Good Podcast on Love and Relationships
Advice
How to get over a breakup in quarantine?
I (21F) get anxiety after talking to my ex (23M) and always got it through our relationship. I am not sure why.
my BF [26M] has shut down on me [26F] since the COVID 19 crisis
I am not a virgin. My partner doesn't know this
My boyfriend broke up with me today
Anxiety about guy (23M) I (21F)was dating and I do not understand where it’s coming from really
My boyfriend (19M) won't let me (19F) take pictures of him and won't take pictures of me.
Girlfriend wants to go out in the woods and get high with a friend who molested her.
How can I help my boyfriend with his insomnia?
My boyfriend broke up with me today
Girlfriend (17F) has not been attending online classes. The asked my (17M) parents if she could study at my house. She's still not doing any work and somehow her parents are mad at me for it.
Big story. I have a crazy aunt.
Confronted my high school bully over sexual assault
My (21M) girlfriend (22F) says okay but she doesn’t want to talk right not, but isn’t even telling me why. I haven’t seen in her in over a week with no explanation
is my cousin an asshole or am i just insensitive?
Should I keep waiting?
How do I (18M) get over my ex (29F)?
How do I (18m) get over my ex (19F)?
How do you get over your ex?
Friend won’t respect my feelings and guilts me by calling me ungrateful, don’t know how to proceed
I (25M) would love to see my wife (25F) in a bikini but I know it'll hurt her feelings if I bring it up
I don’t know what to do.
not sure how to go about my relationship with my best friend
Gf broke up with me during lock down, trying to win her back.
I find girlfriend too attractive and sometimes I stop what I’m doing to look at her pictures to admire her beauty?
My [36/M] GF [27/F] is has huge issues with my longtime female friend she's never met & my GF is starting to make me question her (GF) & I's relationship.
Will a lack of experience with girls affect me in adult life?
Am I a toxic girlfriend? F17 dating M18
Will a lack of experience with girls affect my adult life?
I [F19] have had a crush on [M19] for more than 8 years but im scared to confess
How do I [25m] handle this odd way my girlfriend is acting suddenly? [25F]
Is this banter from my [30s/F] coworker [30s/F] sexual harassment?
Heavy Anxiety that my girlfriend will leave me.
Girlfriend is acting extremely weird
I cheated
Am I [25M] oversensitive that I get annoyed with my girlfriend [25F] for drawing attention to my stomach?
My (24f) husband (25m) both have severe mental health issues and it's really hard at the moment. How do we get through it?
My (21F) girlfriend (22F) sent nudes to a group chat.
My (29M) BF (26M) lives with me and said it's like being with a roommate, should I be worried about how he views the relation?
How do I (23F) reconnect with my cousin (23F)
I’m (19) in love with my friends (20) gf (20)
I'm (24f) hurting my own feelings by going through my husband's (26f) old Reddit acc.
I have a lot of anxiety and I need some help.
I [21F] don't think my boyfriend [22M] is the best match for me, but I'm hesitant to break off our 2-year relationship.
Coping with Emotional Cheating
My (27,M) partner constantly makes fun of my (28,F) body hair....
I'm (24f) hurting my own feelings by going through my husband's (26m) old Reddit
I think my(22F) husband(32M) is too protective of my cousin (19F)
IG comments? 🔥
How do you get over your ex?
How to say to he that I miss her? TL;DR
My [F23] boyfriend [M30] is annoying me to the extreme
My (18M) girlfriend (17F) keeps on making me feel bad and I don't know what to do
My boyfriend makes fun of my body hair and it makes me feel self conscious and angry...
How to say to her that I miss her?
Marriage is necessary for love relationships?
What can I [25M] do to find a cute girl who's just my type, tiny and uncurved?
Obsessing Discord Girl
Parents want me to cut off my girlfriend... help?
Dad (61m) has been punishing me (27f) with silent treatment for a month. I don't know how to proceed, if at all.
Coworker/Friend and spending time together outside of work
Obsessing girl
Advice needed for my brother [M38] and his girlfriend [F33ish].
Advice needed please - unsure if we are friends or more?
My parents had a big fight today and my mom just told me they are gonna break up.
I [26/F] for the life of me get over my ex boyfriend [31/M], but talking to him becomes explosive
My [17M] girlfriend [18FM] called me a condescending asshole. Was she right?
I (20M) need an advice. I have an unrealistic views about love. (Serious)
How do I (25M) tell my friend/roommate (24F) that I want to move out while still remaining friends?
my [23F] parents' polygamy has been affecting my self esteem
Secret relationship, but only for me(29M) and not for her(41F) it seems. Why? What should I do?
I (22, F) had a strange and uncomfortable encounter with my roommates boyfriend (27, M) and I don’t know how if I should tell her
I [23 F] don't know how to deal with my immature husband [26 M]
Post break up advice please :(
my [23F] parents' polygamy has been affecting my self esteem
My 21[F] gf has asked for a break and it's killing me.
How to recover from a broken LDR when you still love them and can’t stop yourself?
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) of over 7 months (i know pretty short) has a guy best friend and im kinda insecure about them because the guy liked her back then
My (f,27) boyfriend’s (m,27) family is still in contact with his ex
Living Separately Vs. Divorcing
My (29M) BF (26M) lives with me, and said it's like being with a roommate
I, (25F) broke up with my long-term boyfriend (29M) of 7 years. I'm wondering if I made a mistake.
Need advice. My boyfriend of 1.5 years revealed to me that a year ago he liked someone else at the same time.
BF (30) told me GF (23) that his family is his #1 priority. Need advice.
I [23F] can't stand the guy [23M] my best friend [20F] is seeing bc he harassed me when we used to work together
My (29M) BF (26M) lives with me, and said it's like being with a roommate sometimes
My high school best friend is still in love with me. HELP.
How do I reply to "I love you" at the end of a phone call/interaction, when I don't label my feelings towards them in the same way?
My [19F] boyfriend [22M] won't let me pay for any of our new appliances.
Should I (F 28) be worried about how jealous he gets (28 M)
Broke up with my girlfriend of almost 5 years- Need Advice
My [19F] boyfriend [22M] won't let my pay half of any of the appliances for our new apartment.
How do I reply to "I love you" at the end of a phone call/interaction, when I don't label my feelings towards them in the same way?
my bf (20M) (of over a year) made a fake account pretending to be my ex(21m) trying to talk to me (21f)
Am I overthinking this? Or are my concerns warranted?
I [M35] have been wanting to leave m very cozy happy relationship with my fantastic [f36] GF
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) has a guy best friend and I've really gotten insecure about it because this guy liked her back then
What seems to be the problem with my relationship?
My Gf(17) dropped me for another Guy.
Fiance [32M] started full time school but doing no studying. How do I [31F] approach this?
What is normal possessive/jealous and what is too much?
My best friends boyfriend is back in town from rehab and is ruining our friendship
[M19]Advice because I'm an insecure boyfriend?
Boyfriend (40M) tends to get offended by my (23F) boundaries
Fiance [32M] started full time school but doing no studying. How do I [31F] approach this?
Sister dating a man double her age
I'm jealous of my boyfriends sister
Boyfriend (40M) tends to get offended by my (23F) boundaries
Should I break up with BF (31M) for masturbating to photos of my (28F) friend (28F)
What happens if you dont spend time together?
We could all use a little Love Fest!
I'm embarrassed to confess this... But I'm jealous of my boyfriends sister, how can I change this?
Am I (f23) being paranoid?
(F/24) I always feel like spare tires
My fiance is doing drugs, what should I do?
My fiance is doing drugs, what should I do?
Am I (f23) being paranoid?
How do I (22F) handle my SIL (36F) who is outraged I showed up to a birthday celebration.
Am I (w23) being paranoid?
Am I (w23) being paranoid?
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants?
Can a soulmate be a one-way street?
How to recover from a broken LDR when you still love them and can’t stop yourself?
I (26F) am contemplating giving my a bf (26M) a marriage ultimatum in the coming 2 years.
Wife [28F] says I [30M] don't show my emotions enough. I don't really know how to show them more.
I’m (24F) dating a guy (30M), my dad won’t approve
Partner (M30) and I (F26) at odds over his familys' dynamics.
Girlfriend close with ex
Can a soulmate be a one-way street?
I [28 M] got fat during quarantine. My girlfriend [31 F] doesn't want me to lose the weight.
Troubled past or red flags?
Troubled past or red flags?
He said he didn’t love me anymore, but didn’t break up with me.
Strict parents
I'm (28M) absolutely confused with this girl's (F21) behaviour
Did anybody give their boyfriend a marriage ultimatum? What happened after?
I’m (24F) dating a guy (30M), dad won’t approve
I want kids... my new man doesn't..
I and my 2 months girl friend broke up
Sister (20/f) refuses to brush her teeth or shower due to depression?
Sister (20/f) refuses to shower or brush her teeth due to depression?
How do you move on from a relationship when you know your partner didnt really want to end it? But did so anyway.
Parent issues
My husband (26) is emotionally abusive towards me
My [26F] boyfriend [19M] refuses to eat anything aftee I made a comment on his appetite. How could I fix this?
Me [24 M] , my ex [26 F] that I dated with 5+ years, who slept (and is dating since) with coworker the day after we broke up right before corona. Need advice on how to cope and move on?
Me (34m) ex-gf (33f) found someone else but wants revenge?
Parent issues
Divorced and confused
Please help, I'm desperate. I [M20] messed up bad and now the love of my life [F21] is being advised to leave me.
I (24F) don't know how to talk to my boyfriend (30M) about finances without feeling like I'm mothering him.
COVID has also intensified these feelings :( does anyone else relate?
My boyfriend's (M22) roommate says he's cheating on me (M22)
Beard while making out
Making out with a beard
Mom (69F) moved a random couple onto her property and it has ruined our relationship
My (29f) husband (31) has been trading nudes to a friend's husband
My (30M) wife (29F) is consumed by work and it’s killing our relationship
My husband [30M] and I [25F] have not been intimate for about four months now, what am I doing wrong?
Making out with a beard
I can't keep fighting - Mom (69F) moved random couple onto her property (65M/42F) and completely ruined her relationship with me
Me (22M) Can't live with my (21F) anymore because of her phone calls with her parents.
are my neighbours blurring boundaries or am i overreacting?
I (F23) just realized that I'm scared of talking with my dad (M50~), over anything.
In My [M25] First Relationship [F20]. Am I Overthinking This?
I’m 30F and he’s 50M
Falling for my good friends ex girlfriend
BF (25M) has bad time management skills and it drives me crazy. Deal breaker?
My [25m] fiancée [24f] are having troubles because she says “I don’t Know” more than anything else.
Should I (M20) be fine with my GF's (F20) explanation of why she was "thinking of someone else" in bed?
My[24] GF[25] is one hot piece of ass
Should I (M20) be fine with my GF's (F20) explanation of why she was "thinking of someone else" in bed?
Wtf am I doing wrong
How do you move on from a relationship when you know your partner didnt really want to end it? But did so anyway.
Boyfriend (m 33), of 4 years, has an anger management problem
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) is liking his ex's sexy pictures on Instagram
Unwanted Attention from a Colleague
Boyfriend has an anger management problem
My (27, F) boyfriend (24, M) is liking his ex's sexy pictures on Instagram
I 2ant to tell my story and give hope to anyone who needs it - long read
I (F21) am conflicted about the possibility of being in a relationship again
I have a co-worker issue that I need help with
[F22] How do I keep long-distance friendships?
Advice.
My boyfriend(34M) has grown to hate me and I don't know what to do
My[27M] sister[23F] got mad and ignored me after telling her about my first GF[26F]
bf (30m) talks to close girl friends online - should I (36f) be concerned?
My[27M] sister [23F] got mad and ignored me for days after telling her about my GF[26F]
are my neighbours blurring boundaries or am i overreacting?
I (15F) ruined my girlfriend's (16F) previous relationship without being aware of it.
Was everything my fault?
Should I [F] try to reconnect with my "distant relative" [60s] after seven years?
He hates me now and so do I. Did I do the right thing
I hate myself now. Did I do the right thing?
On again/off again.
I feel her loosing interest
Please share your opinion about the current situation of my (25 M) relationship with my girl-friend (20 F)
WHO IS TRULY AT FAULT?
WHO SHOULD BE BLAMED MORE?
I just broke up with my girlfriend (F 19) of 1.5 years (M 20)
WHO'S FAULT IS GREATER?
My GF [F/25] is unhappy with the amount of time that I [M/24] take to myself.
Girls who know for a fact that your bf watches porn, how did you deal with/talk about it and are you okay with it?
Please share your opinion about the current situation of my (25M) relationship with my girlfriend (20F)
I [25M] am really frustrated and lost on why my personal and dating life is so shallow
VOTE UP IF YOU FIND THIS REALLY WRONG
VOTE UP IF YOU THINK THIS IS WRONG. Been together for close to 10mths now.
WHOSE FAULT IS MORE?
I just broke up with my girlfriend of 1.5 years (M 20)
My (27M) wife (23F) is annoyed but everything.
I (M20) have been messaged by my former girlfriend (F20) at intermittent intervals. How should I proceed with my dilemma based on the context?
What are we supposed to be?
My (27M) wife (23F) is annoyed but everything.
Need some advice?
My friend married a POS and we need help addressing it
Is there a reason for this?
I [M19] started having sex with my flatmate [F18] 2 weeks ago and I’m not sure where I go from here
I [30M] have only ever had sex with my current girlfriend [23F] of one year, but she had sex with over 20 different people before me. I find myself having trouble not thinking about her past partners and feeling inadequate or that I “missed out” on life. How do I shut my mind off?
I (M20) have been messaged by my former girlfriend (20F) at intermittent intervals who reaches out to me as a back-up. What should I do?
My [35F] Girl have been with another guy a week before we became together and It troubles me [26M] Very much
How do you be on your own after constantly seeking comfort in relationships
My girlfriend (19F) and I (21M) almost broke up last night
Advice on a Crush
Me [23F] with my sister [21] and mum [47F]. I've distanced myself from them and don't know what to do next.
Advice on a crush
Meeting fiance's birth father and fam this weekend - advice on how to support?
My (28f) friend (25f) has recently left the country. She said she would contact me but hasn't
I (F18) don’t think I ever got over my ex?
My (28f) friend (25f) hasn't spoken to me since she left the country and she said she would
I (21M ) have recently been through a breakup and it seems that the perception of relationships has been altered and I need some help from your experiences
I don’t think I ever got over my ex
How to recover from mentally ill boyfriend [m/36] ghosting me [f/26] after 8 years together?
How to come with mentally ill boyfriend [m/36] ghosting [f/26] after 8 years together?
I feel invisible to my friends and family when I need it most F(27)
How can I encourage my boyfriend to try therapy?
My mentally ill boyfriend [m/36] ghosted me [f/26] after 8 years together
I (21M ) have recently been through a breakup and it seems that the perception of relationships has been altered and I need some help from your experiences
I(21M) recently got out of a 1+ year relationship and there seems to a shift in my understanding of love and relationships need some advice
My mentally ill boyfriend [m36] ghosted me (f26) after 8 years together
Seeking advice on how to get over relationship anxiety [F 21]
I [25M] wish to find a cute small Chinese girlfriend in the fall or winter. Tips?
16F, doesn't feel like the relationship is going as well as it should be
Seeking advice on how to get over relationship anxiety [F 21]
Is it possible to love two girls?
Communication frequency issues with boyfriend
I texted my old crush
My mom got mad because I stretched my ears
How can I [26F] explain my panic attacks/depression to my [30M] husband?
Guy I’ve been seeing had a crazy drunk episode and I’m not sure if I should break it off or not.
Communication frequency issues with my boyfriend
Is this considered ghosting?
I texted my old crush
Is this considered ghosting?
Do you think he’s becoming uninterested?
Sexless relationship, how do I bring back the spark between me [19] and my boyfriend [28]
Do you think he’s slowly becoming uninterested in me?
Friends are too hard.
Need help in getting over a girl.
BF listening to songs about his ex
Sexless relationship
My ex keeps popping in my head
BF listening to songs about his ex
Can I (29M) function as an adult without any support group?
My Ex pops up in my head, it's been 3 years since we broke up.
I (28F) just split up from a perfect guy (31M) because I let quarantine get the better of me. Now I regret it deeply but I don't know if there's a way back.
Probably overthinking this but I want opinions
i dont know what to do
I'm (F21) keep getting nightmares about the girls my bf (M20) slept with, while he was chasing me, during our breakup
Im having abandonment issues?
Not feeling it anymore
I (F32) am feeling ambivalent about/undeserving of my partner's (M28) generosity. Really could use some advice please.
How do I get over past hurts caused by my partner?
How can I (F30) help my husband (M35) control his money anxiety?
My (f, 27) boyfriend’s (m, 27) family is still in contact with his ex. Am I being too jealous? Help!
How to help my (F30) husband (M35) with money anxiety?
Advice on celebrating a birthday
My (26f) husband (37m) has all of sudden stopped being intimate with me.
Boyfriend (20M) gave me an STD (20F)
What are some tell-tale signs of a toxic relationship with a man?
I (28F) met a perfect guy (31M) who I quarantined with too soon and past trauma and anxiety just totally ruined it. I want to find a way to make it better
What are some tell-tale signs of a toxic relationship with the opposite sex?
Me [26 M] with my GF [27 F] of 6 months are growing distant, but it isn't mutual
[25M] In my first relationship, I'm probably already overthinking it
Bf [M 28] always throws it in my [F 24] face that he pays all the rent even though I contribute in many ways I can right now. He constantly uses this as an excuse to get away with anything & it’s just unfair. How do I talk to him?
My (25f) girlfriend (25f) will completely shut down and not speak to me for days.
Boyfriend 20M of 3 months gave me 20F an STD
Anniversary ideas needed !!
My (23F) fiancé (24M) had a nightmare and has been worrying me since.
Anniversary Ideas Needed!!
I love My girlfriend, But i hate a Relationship.
Anniversary ideas needed !!!!!!!!!
I'm (21F) madly in love, and struggling to break things off with my bf (20M) who did bad things to me in the past
Need Anniversary idea!!!
I love My girlfriend, but i hate a relationship.
My (23F) fiancé (24M) has a nightmare and has been worrying me since.
Hey guys, this post is regarding friendship issues and I'd be glad if you guys would help me out.
Deleted messages?
Am I overreacting?
Is it a smart/good idea for me (23f) to have sex with my ex (29m) and is it possible to have no strings attached?
My mother is a drug user and I don't know how to help her.
Is it possible or smart, to have sex with an ex with no strings attached?
how to trust my 20 treat old ex best friend
My [28/M] ex [26/F] was very uncomfortable with showing affection.
Deleted messages?
25m dumped via text by 25f (9years)
Im (23M) a bit frustrated that the girl im talking to (22F) is not responding
I'm free-spirited, and my partner is the opposite of that. I feel like The clash in our personalities threatens our future
Im (23M) a bit frustrated that the girl im talking to (22F) is not responding
My friend's FWB doesn't want to be involved in their child's life
Looking for suggestions of fun ways for my parents to get closer during stay-at-home (60 & 70)
Always causing the relationship issues/taking the blame
Should I reconnect with EX, if so what should I say?
Hymen is a tissue ... Do we have to make it an big issue?
UPDATE: I [32F] am a "beard" for podcasting friend [30M] who is online famous and now I want to end it
My ex thinks i cheated ( I DIDN'T)
Should I reconnect with ex GF, if so what should I say?
stop busting in on my dreams!
stop busting in on my dreams!
Lock down is hard on my marriage
HELP!
HELP!
I (19M) once asked a girl (18F) and she said no. But now she loves me and I don't anymore. I talked to her but she won't stop.
Gf broke up with me during lock down, trying to win her back.
Bf accused me of being judgmental and after our argument I cant sleep and had several breakdowns. I NOW realize what I did and why I am so hurt, but I cant tell that to my bf. What should I do?
Is my (24F) boyfriend (25M) trying to make me insecure or jealous?
My wife (26F) and I (25M) have nothing to do together.
How to deal with personal attack at work?
I (19M) once asked a girl (18F) and she said no. But now she wants to be with me which I don't want to.
Is my (24F) boyfriend (25M) trying to make me feel insecure/jealous?
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) uses belittling language when we argue
Bf likely prefers other girls bodies over mine and it’s killing me
The Truth
Love my BF so much it hurts
What if my bf secretly doesn’t like my body
How do i tell my boyfriend I want to only be friends?
My[26F] husband[32M] is in love with his imaginary friend from childhood who turns out to be a real person.
She [21f] has changed suddenly and I [21m] don't know if something can be done at all
Does it get easier after his dad passes?
How do i tell my boyfriend I just want to be friends only again?
My [20M] very recent relationship [20F] has changed very fast and I'm not sure what to do, or if anything can be done at all
Me [34 M] with my wife [32 F] of six years, I don’t think I love her and don’t know what to do
Bf(male24) won’t sleepover my house !!!!(female21)
bfs father passed. advice pleaseeee
MY BF (24) wont sleepover my house (21)
Me (F22) and my boyfriend (M24) has been in a 3 months relationship. I have told him that a guy I used to see still has pictures of me and I'm afraid he could post them somewhere. I told my boyfriend but he basically accused me. What did I do wrong?
Feels like I can't talk about negative stuff to close friends
My bf
I have a half sister that I've never met or contacted. What should I do?
Me (F22) and my boyfriend (M24) has been in a 3 months relationship. I have told him that a guy I used to see still has pictures of me and I'm afraid he could post them somewhere. I told my boyfriend but he basically accused me. What did I do wrong?
Idk if I’m overreacting??
Im developing trust issues
Am I overreacting?
Developing trust issues
I get anxious when my boyfriend doesnt message or reply immediately.
Found out who my biological grandfather is...
Me (F22) and my boyfriend (M24) has been in a 3 months relationship. I have told him that a guy I used to see still has pictures of me and I'm afraid he could post them somewhere. I told my boyfriend but he basically accused me. What did I do wrong?
How to better deal with someone who has fear of commitment?
Bf accused me of being judgmental and after our argument I cant sleep and had several breakdowns. What should I do?
My boyfriend doesn’t make me laugh - should we break up?
I(22F) think I scared him(22M) off, How can I deal/ get over him for good?
My depression is making me (19f) feel awful and it’s hurting my boyfriend (19m)
I think I have feelings for my friend, but it's kinda weird
I [25F] am obsessed with my boyfriend's [27M] ex gf
Me (23F) and my roommate/best friend (24F) got into an argument over a miscommunication and now her and all of our mutual friends are not friends with me anymore
Bf accused me of being judgmental and after our argument I cant sleep and had several breakdowns
My (F25) boyfriend (M28) of three years made a really fucked up joke to me.
How to deal with someone who has fear of commitment?
Jelousy
This girl (21F) that I (20M) like jokingly gave me her e-mail because of something I said when asking for her number. Need advice/ ideas on what to do
How do I deal with uncertainty and non-closure with a former friend?
How do I deal with uncertainty and non-closure with a former friend?
Forgive my mom
Forgive my mom?
My bf (25) isn’t attracted to me (f24) because of my recent weight gain
Am I (25F) out of line in an argument with bf (29)?
How to better deal with someone who has commitment issues.
am I heading in a healthy direction?
I (21M) confused after first date with (21F)
Ex friend moved in next door
Unsure if I (25F) am wrong in an argument with boyfriend (29)
I (21M) confused after first date with (21F)
My(21F) sister(27F) keeps giving me an ultimatum about by boyfriend of 2 years who she hates
First date wondering
My(21F) sister(27F) keeps giving me an ultimatum
How do you know when he likes you?
help help help
Commitment issues, advices.
Should I tell her?
Am I (21F) wrong to hate my brother (24M) for molesting me over 8 years ago?
BioDad scoffs at distancing, demands weekend visitations with son. I'm stumped.
Am I overreacting by my wife's disinterest in what I have to say?
Am I overreacting by my wife's disinterest in what I have to say?
This is going to be a long post about myself and my mom herself sorry, but I just want to seek advice or anything from you guys since people here on reddit are more experienced. Thank you 🙂
What to choose: a builded past or an uncertain future with my BF?
Have I taken my family for granted?
same gift as his ex
same gift as ex for birthday
The builded past or the uncertain future with my boyfriend?
This is going to be a long post sorry. But this is about me and my mom and how much I disagree with her decisions and mindset towards me. Thank you for reading tho I hope I can get any advice or any thing from you guys since everyone here are more experienced into this ❤️
same gift as his ex for birthday
Should I end my 6 yr relationship with my boyfriend?
same gift as his ex for his birthday
How to tell my mom about my age gap relationship
Have I taken my family for granted?
Boyfriend texted an ex saying he still has feelings for her
Boyfriend is mad if I take a vacation day at work when I haven’t taken time off in 2 years
My[m25] friend[m36] (likely) drunk texted me, and has ghosted me since I responded the next morning. I feel like it messed up our friendship
Just discovered my (20s F) manipulative father's (60s M) 3yr+ affair; Mum (50s F) just put his name on the deed
I (30F) didn't want to have children but now I'm considering having them for my boyfriend (30M)
How do I become a better person after an abusive relationship?
Feeling numb towards partner
[F27]UN QUARANTI[M27]ES
Just discovered my manipulative father's 3yr+ affair; Mum just put his name on the deed
Looking for support
How to be a better person after an abusive relationship
Friend with benefits birthday next weekend
I [28f] publicly commented and disagreed with my friend’s [26f] beliefs? Am I in the wrong? What should I do?
Looking for support
I (16M) became friends with my ex (16F) again after 3 months, only to realize I'm not fully over her
Friend with Benefits Birthday coming up
My girlfriend is insane
I (28F) am quarantining with my parents (56M, 53F) who are not following social distancing rules anymore.
My (35M) wife (27 F) is super cheap and it’s embarrassing.
What is a good way to seduce my best friend into sex since we are sleeping in the same bed?
Struggling with relationships after abuse
My (27f) feelings are so messed up after the guy (30m) I was seeing basically told me he wouldn’t see me anymore but would but wouldn’t. WHAT. Help.
Feeling weak in my first real relationship. Any help please and thank you.
I'm quarantining with my (28F) mother and father (53, 56) and they aren't following social distancing rules.
What's has been your biggest loss in life
What had been your biggest loss in life
My(23M) fiancee(25F) and I have been fighting alot this past year
Lockdown making me realise I have no friends
My (35 M) wife (27 F) is extremely cheap and it’s embarrassing.
Am I (m22) wrong for being upset that my girlfriend (f30) wants us to do things that she did with the guy she cheated on me with?
Salaries and Relationships
How am I (M17) supposed to forgive myself for hurting my ex (F18)?
Am I(m22) wrong for being upset that my girlfriend(f30) wants me to do things with her that she did with the guy she cheated with?
Perfect... (serious)
I (F22) stress out my bf (M26) when I'm depressed.
I (20F) slept with someone the day after I got broken up with. Am I the bad guy?
My(23M) fiancee(25F) and I have been fighting alot this past year.
Lockdown made me realise I have no friends
I [19M] am so tired of being abused
Mrs. Robinson
Need help. Not staying at boyfriends house overnight during pandemic
Do I deserve to be treated like this? I’ve always been mistreated from my past relationships.
Work is bullying me to stay out of state for work.
I’m so upset
I (F22) stress my bf (M26) out when I'm depressed.
Please help
I (24M) can't seem to show girlfriend (22F) how much she means to me.
Advice on reaching out
I [19M] am so tired of being abused
Reaching out after a breakup advice
So [36m] seems to only care for himself and not me [31f]
Looking for more articles like "You should've asked" and "She Divorced me because I Left Dishes by the Sink"
Feeling inadequate in bed with my (29M) fiancée (27F) when we watch porn together in bed. How do I handle this rationally?
I [29F] think the man I’m seeing [30M] has bad intimacy issues or is just manipulating me.
I (16m) lost feelings for my girlfriend (16f). How do I break up with her?
Am in an unhealthy/incompatible relationship? Is it fixable? 16M 15F
Am in an unhealthy/incompatible relationship? Is it fixable? 16M 15F
Looking for more articles like "You should've asked" and "She Divorced me because I Left Dishes by the Sink"
I [19M] am so tired of being abused.
Why is she looking/curious about me?
Am i in an unhealthy/incompatible relationship?
How can I (20F) believe my boyfriend (24M) that he wants a future with me
Are you going to give up on the relationship if your partner is constantly jealous of your past?
Found my bf's messages to escorts
Is this guy hitting on, regardless of his girlfriend?
I need advice and help
I just need help
My (24F) boyfriend (34M) of 1 year is asking me to cosign on his apartment lease.
I (23M) want to reach out to an ex girlfriend of mine (23F) just to see how she is
Is it appropriate to contact an old girlfriend with no romantic undertones involved?
How can I (20F) believe my boyfriend (24M) that he wants a future with me when his actions say different
My (F24) boyfriend (M27) of three years made a rude comment about my sister.
is this break doomed for breakup?
Relationship problems during quarantine
Is this break going to turn into a breakup?
How can I (20F) know and trust my boyfriend (24M) that he wants this to last
I [29M] want to try and start a relationship between my BF [29M], our best friend/roommate [27M] and myself. Not interested in an open relationship, just the three of us—none of us have done anything like this before. Complicated situation
Am I the Sleep Divorce Asshole?
How can I (20 F) know if my boyfriend (24M) wnats this to last?
My (24F) boyfriend (34M) of 1 year is asking me to cosign his apartment lease.
My boyfriend [29M] and I [29M] want to ask out/define the relationship with our best friend and now roommate [27M]—complicated situation
My co-worker (M25) might like me (F23) but I truly can’t tell
Why would a girl agree to be raped?
Relationship problems durinf quarantine
Does my co-worker (M,25) like-like me? (F,23)
This is the ultimate trick to persuade your loved one or anyone in the world
I(43F) am a happily married woman and I love watching porn when i am alone. Should I tell my husband(44M) about this?
24M struggling to make a real connection in this dating culture in NYC
Am I the Sleep Divorce Asshole?
24M who struggles to build real connections with people in this dating culture
Friend(20f) read my (f26) deeply personal journal after I asked her not to.
Hookups Meaningless sex =/= relationships
I (16F) have a crush on a guy (17M) who sees me as a little sister
Feeling too much for my BF
Guys I [24M] need advice on my crush [23F] because the pattern repeats again.
I [27f] have a really hard time giving compliments to guys even when I know they like me back
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) still contacts his ex (28F) on a regular basis and lied about it yesterday to my face about it. (details inside)
Will I (40f) ever get over this, or is it better to give up and walk away from him (41m)?
Surprise! Miserably Sleep Divorced 2 Weeks After Moving in Together.
Trying to save my (32f) relationship with my bf (33m) there are LGBTQ issues and I’m screwing up
100 Funniest questions you will ask & know if your partner wants sex
My best friend (20f) keeps on getting back with her toxic ex and, as her friend, I (19f) feel emotionally drained?
Long distance troubles with me (18M) and my girlfriend (17F)
My (F25) boyfriend (M21) wants sex more than me
My (F25) boyfriend (M21) wants sex more than me
My s/o is very nosy about my finances, and are disagreeing on how to handle future finances. What can I do?
My mom (54F) won’t stop demeaning me over my weight (17F)
How do I tell a guy I like him when he sees me as a little sister
Almost free...Am I (30m) entitled to half the equity in a house that my ex (29f) and I bought together when she refis my name off?
My s/o is very nosy about my finances and I don't know what to do.
Relationship
Trying to save my (32f) relationship with my bf (33m) there are LGBTQ related issues and I’m screwing up
Long distance relationship complications with me (18M) and my girlfriend (17F)
Everyone is indifferent about me
Can someone please help me nail this down!?
I’m really fucking happy
Bestf/renter [31m] spending more time with family because of ill grandmother, worrying me [31m] and gf [26f]
Losing interest in people
No contact with my dad's cousins but worry about my 102 year old great aunt, advice
Is this selfish?
Friend chooses sides and downplays my feelings, shared history leaves me confused about what to do next
Boyfriends ex FWB causing trouble
How to make girl friends
Girlfriend [19F] dumped me [21M] over text and I cant cope with it.
Vacation nightmare from hell with potential MIL and FIL and gf
Girlfriend [19F] dumped me [21M] over text and I cant cope with it
My emotional issues with my Mom
My [18M] mom and dad want to teach my younger sister [15F] how to drive in my car, I would rather just get her a cheap learners car, but my parents disagree.
Girlfriend [19F] dumped me [21M] over text and I cant cope with it...
Why does my girlfriend keep talking about sex with exes
A fling from my [38M] bf's past is making accusations about him..
Me (20F) with my boyfriend (33M)
Is this selfish?
Bestf/renter[31m] has Ill grandmother, going out most days, worrying me [31m] and gf[26f]
I’d Appreciate the Advice on this ONE
It’s really hard getting over someone who was never yours
How can we (21F, 20F, 20F) make our new roommate (20/21F) feel comfortable living with us?
I [25M] have a hard time vocalizing what is on my mind with my voice to my LD GF [19]
Struggling with new gf's mood swings (related to her health) advice
Update: How can I (26F) teach my mother (60F) the scientific method? My mother believes that vaccines cause autism, and other hilariously wrong conspiracies.
I'm very sick with Covid, but for the first time I'm comfortable being alone
Feeling like I lost a soulmate
Get featured on an online episode by sharing your relationship hurdles/realisations during this pandemic by @dailysixty on Instagram
Is telling someone that you used to like them weird?
I posted this on confessions, but they didn't want it. I hope you guys do. I'm VERY sick with covid, but after 30 years I finally feel comfortable with being alone.
I (23M) have fallen for my best friend of 10 years (23F) who lives in a different country.
My Body Is Repulsed By My BF
Where to meet people?
Please be nice
Why does my girlfriend talk about exes like she does?
My BestFriend can’t support anyone
Please be nice.
Please be nice, I'm at my lowest right now
Where to go to meet people?
Please be nice and helpful
Update: How can I (26F) teach my mother (60F) the scientific method? My mother believes that vaccines cause autism, and other hilariously wrong conspiracies.
My ex committed suicide 11 months after we broke up - how can I live with the guilt?
I think my mom has bipolar disorder
I (23M) have fallen for my best friend of 10 years (23F) who currently lives in a different country.
I think my mom has bipolar disorder
A secret without courage
Keeping a healthy rhythm in a relationship during quarantine
Post-traumatic memory problems
Trying to keep a healthy rhythm during Quarantine
Should I let my friend know that the way she behaved made me feel uncomfortable?
Is my[23F] husbands[23M] behaviour with my friends (an by extension, his too) normal? Am
I (25M) am deeply in love and so is she (21F)
Is it possible to get back with my ex?
Creeped out being around my cousin and my friend now and don’t know how to avoid awkwardness
Am I (40f) ever getting over infidelity, or is it better to give up and walk away from him (41m)?
Is telling someone you used to like them weird?
M [33] How to tell if a girl [30] (stranger) is flirting or just giving a compliment?
How to tell if a girl (stranger) is flirting or just giving a compliment?
My girlfriend gets sleep paralysis and I have no idea how to help
Divorce a person you love?
Devorce if you still love the person?
I feel guilty and ashamed, what now?
Feel my (30f) bf (31m) needs constant reassurance that I’m over my past.
F (28) frustrated with partner F(29) over different perspectives on social distancing
Why does my (22f) bf (23m) keep entertain past interests?
BF (24) will call random women bitches, blurt out other curse words ect. when frustrated?
Girlfriend broke up with me out of nowhere, despite being infatuated just days earlier saying she "Doesn't want a relationship with anybody right now" despite starting it? How to recover? What might have gone wrong?
Me (20F) with my boyfriend (33M)
Me (24F) with boyfriend (33M)
Maybe infidelity?
Girlfriend broke up with me out of nowhere because "She wasn't ready for a relationship" despite being the one who put a label on it? What happened here? How can I recover?
Finding an apartment conflict
I feel guilty and ashamed, what now
Completely exhausted of hookups
I’m really fucking bored of thinking about my ex now.
Am I (27m) in the wrong for not donating my kidney for my (27m) twin brother who was dying
Reconnected with another girl I used to have a thing with....not sure how to talk to her
I [23M] broke up with my GF [23F] three months ago and found she's sleeping with multiple men. How do I get over the uncomfortable jealousy?
Completely exhausted of hookups
How/when did you decided to have a kid with your partner?
My boyfriend (24/M) said he cheated on me (23/F) and then said he didn’t.... am I overreacting?
How do I know if breaking up is the right decision?
She does not want kids.
I keep picturing my ex-boyfriend having sex with someone else. I feel creepy and want to stop
What is your opinion about promise rings?
I keep picturing my ex-boyfriend having sex with someone else and feel creepy
Housekeeper is HIV positive and has unprotected sex
Divorcing spouse in a different state. Legal process? How to?
Is it bad/weird to want to hang with ONLY my siblings and not always have their SO's and kids tag along?
Am I(27m) an awful person for not donating my kidney to my twin brother when he was dying
Tell me something you don’t like about your s/o
Is it bad/weird to want to hang out with ONLY my siblings and not their spouses/children always included?
GF Feels Insecure About Her Scar, Compliment Game Mishap
Reconnected with another woman that I used to have a thing with....how do I talk to her now?
Tell me something you don’t like about your s/o
I [22 F] feel like I've been a little snappy with my boyfriend [30 M] lately.
He has a martyr complex
Neither my parter [M32] or myself [F28] necessary want to get married; however, I do want a ring! What should I do?
Am I a bad person for breaking up with my still closeted boyfriend because he hasn't come out after 2 years of dating?
My (F24) roommate (F27) has had her sick boyfriend stay in our apartment twice during quarantine
I’ve been taking care of my boyfriend post-op and I love it
I fell in love with a girl who's taken
Should i (M24) cut ties with my close friend (M23) who keeps runing hot and cold relationship with me ?
I have a visual impairment, and my BF won't stop accidentally reading the giant text on my phone / computer screen and its making me feel like I have no privacy during quarantine
AITA for breaking up with my still closeted boyfriend because he wouldn't come out after 2 years of dating?
Why do people use others
Why do I feel so randomly down about my girlfriend sometimes? (23M) (21F)
Am I a bad person for breaking up with my still closeted boyfriend because he hasn't come out after 2 years of dating?
dumped after 8 years, should I reach out?
sexless relationship
How to breakup with my [24F] boyfriend [24M] of 5 years
What can I do about my cousin? TW. Rape
I fell in love with a girl who's taken
How did you get them back? Looking to fix things with my (30m) ex (27f)
my spouse (30m) opened a secret bank account, how can I (30f) ever trust them again?
How to FWB?
Would it be wrong to date my(male) friends(male) ex(female?
I’m in love with my bf best friend
Bf's selfishness could possibly give me Covid-19
[M23] There is some romantic tension between myself and my coworker [F40s].
Would it be wrong to date my friends ex?
GF keeps suspecting cheating
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) refuses to watch and bashes my favorite show.
I have a visual impairment, and my BF won't stop accidentally reading the giant text on my phone / computer screen and its making me feel like I have no privacy during quarantine
dumped after 8 years, should I reach out? 23(M) 22 (F)
My ex (20F) has completely made me (24M) of never feeling that I can never be able to be in a relationship
https://bit.ly/3fvkyfO ... I neglected my body and my girlfriend abandoned me
My (22F) mom (50sF) believes our family is involved with Nazis and that our house is bugged with recording devices.
Its been an amazing day!!
My husband (29M) isn't attracted to me (29F) anymore.
I neglected my body and my girlfriend abandoned me
Husband bought a spy camera to use on my family. I’m uncomfortable and don’t know what to do.
// I neglected my body and my girlfriend abandoned me // https://bit.ly/3fvkyfO
My (F31) partner (M31) of two years did not get me a birthday gift and I am disappointed. Is it worth bringing up? Looking for advice or comparable experiences.
Girl (23F) wants to get to know me (24M) over text before dating?
My [21m] friend [22m] makes music that is really bad and I'm not sure how to break it to him
Moving out from abusive household
My husband (40M) has been hitting me (30F) when I start sleep talking
I (M20) can’t decide if it’s time to break up with my girlfriend (F20) of two years
https://bit.ly/3fvkyfO
My (22F) mom (50sF) thinks that Nazis are out to get her and that our house is bugged with recording devices. How to cope with a loved one suffering with paranoia?
When is too soon to basically live together?
I (23F) feel insecure about my 1 year 1 month relationship after finding my boyfriends (25M) following content on insta
I’m trying to decide how/if I (23F) should leave my bf(30m)
My asshole mentally ill brother is coming back to live at home next month and I’m expected to unconditionally love and hang out with him
I(23F) feel very insecure about my relationship ( 1 year 1 mo) after finding out what my boyfirend(25M) looks at on insta
Help!! Should I fix this or just let go. I’m ghosted (m19)
I’m in a committed relationship but I still crave outside validation?
I’m in a committed relationship but I still crave outside validation?
LDR (???) help!! how should I feel about this?
I’m in a committed relationship but I still crave outside validation?
Relationship advice from expert and Guests
Attraction in her (f25) towards me (m24)
I [28F] found my that my husband [28M] has been using Tinder while on business trips. He says it's the same as watching porn.
Fiancé spending money on Only Fans
Her (f25) attraction towards me (m24)
Am I wrong for walking out when my bf couldn’t get hard?
Not sure if boyfriend (24m) should move in with me (23f) because of past relationship issues.
Girlfriend is embarrassed by my body
I’m cat fish my ex
I (17M) am absolutely terrified of my ex (17F)
Forgive Yourself
Emotionally and verbally abusive GF(26) was diagnosed with personality disorder. I (33m) tried to get heal but the damage is done. Still feel like i failed her
Not sure if boyfriend (24m) should move in with me (23f) after all our past relationship issues.
How do I treat/deal with my flaky girlfriend?
I (16F) need to break up with my boyfriend (17M) but he isn’t letting me?
Have I [21 F] fallen out of love with my bf [22 M] of two years or is quarantine and depression getting to me?
Boyfriend (M29) hanging out with his friend (F20s?) without consulting me (F27) during quarantine?
Fiancé spending money on only fans
My GFs (26f) verbal and emotional abuses turned out to be a undiagnosed personality disorder. I (33m) love her but feel scarred from the journey
I’m cat fishing my ex
My cat dont get along with my girlfriend cats after 2 year.
I thought me and my ex were getting better until someone mentioned “trauma bonding”?
Why Should I Love Him/Her?
I thought my ex and I were getting better but someone mentioned trauma bonding..?
Girlfriend is constantly online on whatsapp
Long distance advice
My [21] Parents [50s] are being massive hypocrites with regards to Corona and it's starting to get on my nerves.
My (14M) mom (45F) is seriously considering taking back my cheating father (45M), feel incredibly angry
Girlfriend so depressed that I barely even speak to her.
My (21M) gf's (19F) friendship with a guy(20sM) is making me feel insecure
How can I do something for my girlfriend?
Is it selfish of me to feel this way.
Trust in a relationship
I texted my old crush from highschool
How can I make my girlfriend happy during lockdown?
I miss my ex..
Girlfriend went through my phone and broke my trust
Are you still with your high school sweetheart? What should I do about mine?
I (F31) don’t know how to ask for some alone time from my BF (M33)
I (24F) was upset at my (26EX BF) over a haircut.
How can I stop feeling like I need a relationship to be happy?
Should i (M24) cut ties with my close friend (M23) who keeps runing hot and cold relationship with me ?
How can I stop feeling like I need a relationship to be happy?
My MARRIED EX may be STALKING me with fake numbers and social media....
I (21M) am complete Dominant, while my (19F) girlfriend is kind of a sub, she had sex less than 10 times, I need tips on how to make it as enjoyable and not pressuring for her, since I have no experience in the ''love'' things
A year and a half long complicated relationship, need help trying to salvage what I can.
4 year relationship coming to an end
My ex using fake numbers to contact me...
Is this the definition of a toxic friendship?
HELP! I think my MARRIED EX is STALKING ME, and I kinda want to get back with him....🙄
Are you still with your high school sweetheart?
My [30F] Narcissist father [60] is breaking up our family apart
I am not sure if I resent the last person I was in love with...
I (f35) don't know how to handle my brother's (m40) drama.
My ex boyfriend was abused by his roommate/ex. How can I heal?
Am I being rude by saying I don’t have many friends? (21f)
Birthday present for Girlfrirnd
My ex boyfriend (21m) was abused by his ex/roommate while we were together, it still haunts me.
How can I text her again without looking needy and annoying ?
Me [21f] I do not know how to cope with the situation I am in. pregnant, alone, father of the child's side of the family very unhappy with me.
How can I talk to her again without looking needy or annoying
Not sure what I should be thinking
Male tantrum
My Gf [20] told me [19] while we were watching Topmodel that she would want her sister to visit her Not me, is this normal? . 2.5 Years relationship.
I'm (f/27) debating leaving boyfriend (m/29) for ex (m/30)?
My girlfriend (20F) is having trouble getting over my past (20M) 9 months
Too much love for boyfriend
Brother (47) is getting really mean and nasty about the Mother's Day gift I (40f) made for our mother (72).
My (22M) gf (22F) and I can’t decide whether to break up or get engaged and it’s killing me.
How do you keep a relationship to last forever
Me [21M] with my first GF [20F] of 2 years, not sure if I want to breakup with her or... Have a break?
Is independence bad?
Feeling really uncomfortable after friend confessed to me
My boyfriend (M27) and I (F27) are adult video performers and his ED is straining our work and personal relationship. How can I talk to him while minimizing his hurt feelings?
I have an eating issue and I’m worried it’s going to cause more problems
My(25M) Girlfriend(24F) said she feels out of place around my family
My boyfriend(24M) acted very creepily around my SIL(28F).
I need help moving on after a breakup
Is my (21M) girlfriend (21F) of 8 months being emotionally abusive?
I(20F) regret breaking up with him(22M). Should I just forget it?
Help me
How to Break Up with a long term partner?
How to break up with a long term partner?
My cousin (20F) doesn’t respect me [21F], while our parents force us to be friends
Is my (21M) girlfriend (21F) being emotionally abusive? Any advice or perspective appreciated.
How do you actually forgive someone/yourself?
My boyfriend doesnt like that I have a male best friend
My (30M) fiancée (30F) is starting to become more open to believing anti-vax theories and the like. I‘ve researched it quite a bit myself and don’t believe that stuff whatsoever. Anyone had to navigate something similar?
How to to comfort my boyfriend about my male best friend
I (F21) catfished a guy (M20) on Tinder, and when we met up irl, he didn't notice that I had catfished him because I looked similar enough to the photo. After 2 months of dating, I want to come clean.
What I did to my father.. is it okay?
32F - getting real tired of my coworker sharing the very intimate details of his sex life
My (30M) fiancée (30F) is starting to become more open to believing anti-vax theories and the like. I‘ve researched it quite a bit myself and don’t believe that stuff whatsoever. Anyone had to navigate something similar?
My girlfriend (20F) of 9 months put the same effort with me (20M) like she did with her ex.
Anxiety over safe sex
Did I do something wrong to my father? Or was there a better way to react.
I know my S/O has been on fetish sites but has told me about it- however the other day I found out that he joined a new one and messaged a few women.
Bad anxiety
Bf(M24) asks me everyday if I(F23) have worked out. Its annoying.
Anxiety about safe sex
Do I have a right to be annoyed by this?
Recently got in relationship that I’m excited about, but I’m worried I’ll self sabotage.
I (22f) feel like I’m not good enough for the guy (25m) I go on dates with?
Am I being played?
My (29F) housemate (30M) is so LOUD
Looking for advice. GF (24) of 1yr mad at BF (26) for haircut.
Did he cheat and what should I do?
MY EX AND I ARE RECONNECTING
Did he cheat and what should I do?
Did I miss an obvious sign?
Did he cheat and what should I do?
I’m at a loss for what I should do
I need some perspective
I [28M] just tried getting back together with my ex [25F] of 2 years after 2 months of no contact, went awful, looking for advice
GF (24) is upset at my BF (26) haircut. I don't know what to do.
How to not make things awkward after rejecting a close friend
I have never felt this way before
Getting back with an ex
I (22M) have a lot of pent up frustration dealing with my little brother
How do I make new friends during quarantine without cheating on my bf?
I (22M) have a lot of pent up frustration towards my brother and my parents won’t listen
This post was inspired by "The Jerry Springerr Show." - STOP FIGHTING OVER PEOPLE!
Should I (22f) tell my Muslim parents about my non-Muslim boyfriend (22m)?
I (19F)am scared that my cousin(20 F) is in a relationship with a feeder.
I (m-25) can't cope with a past relationship my gf(f-21) had with an older guy (m-60's).
What should you do if you and you boyfriend unknowingly get pregnant, but he doesn't want a baby yet?
Gf is constantly online on whatsapp
How to deal with an emotionally distant bf in a long distance relationship during quarantine?
It took 2 months of isolation to push me into acknowledging I was having an emotional affair
Should I (22f) tell my Muslim parents about my non-Muslim boyfriend (22m)?
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) broke up with me to deal with his own personal issues. I am heartbroken and don’t know what to do.
I (21m) thought my girlfriend (20f) was cheating. She's actually being abused. Please help
My [18F] mother [40sF] is withholding my ssc after kicking me out
I (21m) though my girlfriend (20f) was cheating. She's actually being abused. Please help
Bf (28M) and I (25F) have had a fairytale romance, but I'm not used to being sooo in love.
My [18F] mother [40sF] is withholding my SSC after kicking me out
Am I [M19] wrong to pursue a FwB style relationship with my ex best friend of 2 years.[F19]?
I get very easily exhausted by talking to people and want to get past it
I (25F) quickly become mentally exhausted when talking to people, and it affects my social life and relationship
My (21M) brother (17M) tried to commit suicide last night. He is alright and is now in a mental hospital (I don’t know the correct name for where is he). I don’t know what to do or think and my mind is racing.
Different views and opinions, too big of a risk to build a relationship?
Girlfriend's (20F) BPD is making her lash out on me (23M) and make accusations that are absurd.
Am I over emotional or is he toxic for me?
Make friends
My [F 30] fiance [M 32] doesn't seem to care unless he agrees there's a problem.
Weird rule: grandmother not allowed to see grandson
How do you deal with your US army [29M] enlisted cousin going on about how your master's degree in Mechanical Engineering was a bad investment and how I [23F] would have made a better investment joining the army at age 18?
I [26M] had a threesome with my GF [25F] and her house mate [26F] and now my GF is jealous
Boyfriend had a paranoid/psychotic episode and I want to talk about it with someone.
Texting my coworker during quarantine
My boyfriend (17M) asks incredibly personal questions about my (17F) past and I’m not sure how to answer anymore
Aduce on my relationship please
Texting my coworker during quarantine
Help me with my school assignment
Help me with my school project
Building up the courage to tell her, help
Is my friend obsessed with me or am I being paranoid??
Toxic?
Building up the courage to tell her help
Ex-Girlfriend Troubles
How did you know?
something just happened and idk what it means
How?
I [18/M] keep chasing her [18/F] and I feel it’s only pushing her away
Not sure if I (24M) should ask out (22F) when we might be co-workers
Gf (18) hanging out with other guys often and rarely with me(26)
Am I wrong for asking my boyfriend to start paying back money he owes me?
I miss being desired and flirted with, how can I re-ignite her desire?
I [23M] know I'm in an abusive relationship with my wife [20 F] but I don't/can't bring myself to get out of it.
Jealousy can be used positively in a relationship! 32M 34F
Should I (24M) ask out my friend (22F) who I might work with again?
Can jealousy be used positively in a relationship? 32M 34F
I want my wife to have an abortion.
Can jealousy be used positively in a relationship? 32M 34F
I want my wife to have an abortion.
Can jealousy be used positively in a relationship?
My (24M) brother (27M) told his friend (28M) about my mental health struggles and said he could contact me for support without asking me first
I (24M) want to ask out my friend (22F) who might be my co-worker again
idk what to do or what this means
I can't get any space
How do I (24F) break up with someone (26M) suddenly when I feel I've been lying to them?
Should I (24M) ask out my friend (22F) who I might work with again?
Should I be concerned?
Advice please
Should I (24M) ask out my friend (22F)? It could get awkward.
What a trouble!
Should I (24M) ask out my friend (22F)?
Make friends
The guy (45) I'm (f/37) dating has made some remarks that bothered me... not sure how to bring it up or if I'm over reacting
Issues with “best friend”
Got hit with the "Men are trash"
Boyfriend (53) doesn’t want to live together
Issues with “best friend”
The guy (45) I'm (f/37) dating has said some remarks and I'm not sure if I'm over-reacting or too sensitive. I brushed them off at first but they've been bothering me.
My [21m] friend [22m] makes music that is really bad and I'm not sure how to break it to him
The guy (45) I'm (f/37) dating has said some remarks and I'm not sure if I'm over-reacting or too sensitive. I brushed them off at first but they've been bothering me.
Issues with “best friend”
What should I do
29 M I hear it’s love bug season
Boyfriend (53m) doesn’t want to live with me (42f)
Fighting over Tupperware
Do I need a restraining order?
How do I approach my boyfriend about drinking alone?
I (19m) have a curved penis, how do I tell my gf (19f) about it?
Do I need a restraining order?
Do I need to get a restraining order?
The guy (45) I'm (f/37) dating has said some remarks and I'm not sure if I'm over-reacting or too sensitive. I brushed them off at first but they've been bothering me.
Why would my ex (26M) notice that I (26F) blocked him
How do I express my frustration without invalidating his feelings?
What a trouble!
The man (45) I'm (f/37) dating has said some off-color remarks and I'm not sure if I'm over-reacting or too sensitive. I brushed them off at first but they've been bothering me.
My [F29] boyfriend [M31] snores but asks me to see a doctor in order to sleep with him
How do I express my frustration without invalidating his feelings?
Guy Davis - Black Coffee
My (25 M) fiancée (25 F) is depressed, and our relationship seems to be cracking
Gift anxiety?
I don't feel comfortable about myself(20m)
I (17M) don't know what to do with my ex's (17F) things
hello can I ask for an advice 🥺✊🏼
about a long distance relationship, i really on't know how to feel
My best friend (25F) comes over all the time and I (23F) don’t like sharing our food ...
This is going to be the first and the last post of mine in this subreddit
(F22) Staying friends with my ex (M23) with a new guy in the picture (M27)
Am I (30F) unappreciative of our relationship?
(F22) Staying friends with an ex (M23) with a new guy (M27) in the picture - advice please.
Is it okay to ask if he’s [24M] still not dating others? I am [22F]
How often to females text Multiple guys at the same time
Should I stay or should I go
Am I selfish?
How often to females text Multiple guys at the same time
Offering Girlfriend experience!
How often do females text multiple guys
Is it okay to ask if he’s [24M] still not dating others? I am [22F]
Real-Life Love Stories That Will Remind You True Love Does Exist
My husband (33M) and I (27F) are not in agreement on when to start trying for a baby
How can I (26F) move on after being ghosted by a friend (25F)
I [29M] hooked up with one of my better friends' [32M] girlfriend [27F] and today she told him and my friend won't even hear me out.
One of my best friends comes over very often ... and I don’t like sharing our food ... is that terrible of me ?
Is it bad to be considering marriage this young?
Stay or go in a relationship
Dating a girl who likes kpop
I (f/35) Slept with my friend/ex fling (m/33) he gave a forehead kiss goodbye and took 2 days to msg me
update on gf (20) thinking of someone else
My(21F) boyfriend(21M) doesn't like technology
update on gf (20) thinking of someone else
I (f/35) Slept with my friend/ex fling (m/33) forehead kiss goodbye and took 2 days to msg me
Have started an affair can't finish in bedroom with eaither partner
My husband (33M) and I (27F) are in conflict over when we have a baby
Ex-friend/crush unblocked and messaged me after almost 2 months of NC. Don't know what to do? Warning, the post is longgg as I wanted to let people know what transpired between us before providing me with advice. Have TLDR on the bottom for anyone with less time on their hand.
would you consider this thinking of someone else?
My fiance wants to be single but wants to be with me too
My neighbors [3F, 20sF] come right up to our [24F, 26M, and pets] windows everyday to watch us...
How do I (21f) make things easier for my boyfriend's (34m) baby mama and ex (40sf)?
Should I reconnect or just let it be?
Can my GF discuss traumatic events of her job?
How do I (21f) make things easier with my boyfriend's (34m) ex and baby mama (40sf)?
My (20f) boyfriend (20m) of 5 years is suffocating me. How do I nicely ask for space when I want to scream?
My girlfriend has a job where traumatic events occur
How do two people work it out?
I (35 M) acted like a total jerk when my wife (31 F) told me she was pregnant. I feel guilty and need to make up for it to my wife.
Introvert Mom losing it
I [21F] think I love my bf [20M] too much and I don’t know how to deal with it
Did you actually know he/she is the one?
My (26F) family makes me not want to attend my own milestone events and I don’t know what to do about it
GF (15f) is on her period, I'm (16m) trying to be understanding if she is pissed/in a bad mood sometime, but I still let it get to me.
Couples & Covid-19: A study of health-care workers and their partners
Spouse is unsupportive of my hyperemesis gravidarum (extreme 24/7 morning sickness)
My (26f) family is driving me to not want to participate in big life events, and I dont know how to handle that
Anxiety in relationship
I (F18) am feeling overwhelmed about my first real relationship as he (M24) is a lot older and my parents don't approve
Ghosted
Friendships Post-Divorce Advice
I've [22 M]been friends with my muse[21 F] since High school. Trauma kept me from loving her, would like advice. How to keep moving forward? LONG
How many people on here are virgin at 20? I want to know because I am one and I don’t know what I am going through right now and there are a lot of things going on in my head, it hurts, I need a lot of mental and emotional support, and need to know if there are people like me out there...
Bought my gf flowers, her reaction was kind of bland. Of course there's much more to it.
How to people with self harming tendencies communicate that to their SOs without it becoming manipulative
How many people on here are virgin at 20?
How do people who suffer from self harming tendencies tell their SOs without being manipulative?
How many people on here are virgin at 20? I want to know because I am one and I don’t know what I am going through right now and there are a lot of things going on in my head, it hurts, I need a lot of mental and emotional support, and need to know if there are people like me out there...
How many people on here are virgin at 20? I want to know because I am one and I don’t know what I am going through right now and there are a lot of things going on in my head, it hurts, I need a lot of mental and emotional support, and need to know if there are people like me out there...
My (25 M) boyfriend refuses to leave his family behind so we could move to a different state
Why do I not get along with people that have my personality?
M19 trying to make her jelly
I (33F) don't know what my feelings are about oversea coworker (33M)??
Trying to make a girl jealous.
Why do I get upset with people who are just like me?
Is this gaslighting or am I overreacting?
Why do I get mad at people who have a similar personality as me
My (25 M) boyfriend refuses to leave his family behind so we could move to a different state
GHOSTING [Help]
Does he (26M) like me (22F)?
My boyfriend always calls skinny girls “pretty girls” around me.
Am I (M26) wrong to tell my gf (22) that she isn't objectively attractive?
How do I [29M] get over my unrequited feelings for my online friend [27F]?
Am I (M26) wrong to tell my gf(F22) that she's not objectively attractive?
Should I (25F) ask him (25M) where this “relationship” is going?
I (22m) have kinda lost interest in a girl (19f) I’ve been seeing for a few weeks
help
My boyfriend (23M) and I (23F) are having wandering thoughts...
How do I [29M] get over my unrequited feelings for my friend [27F] I met online
I (M22) think I caught my fiancee (21F) texting random guys
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) throws and hits things when he’s angry?
Partner gets aggressive about food?
My (20) mom (54) is worried that my boyfriend (20) and I moving too fast.
My(M27) girlfriend(F33) doesn't seem to have a sex drive anymore
I (f22) don’t know how to communicate with my (m21) boyfriend
I ruined our relationship, am I dumb for trying to fix it?
First relationship. I'm not satisfied.
I think I dubbed my soulmate
First relationship, not satisfied.
What to do when you feel like your partner is no longer interested in the relationship? But you are in a long term relationship.
90 day fiancé roommate edition
I (23 F) and a "friend" (23F) broke apart
My (19M) gf (18) broke up with me after a year
My bf (20) and I (19F) hace been arguing over him following girls on instagram. Am I insecure and crazy or do I have a point?
Social Media Troubles
I (23 F) and a "friend" (23 F) broke apart
Need advices
I saw a tiktok where this girl will message your boyfriend on Instagram to see if he’s faithful
I (27f) am terrified of my girlfriend's (26f) cat
90 Day Fiancé Roommate edition
How to get back in the dating scene despite avoiding it for years?
I saw a tiktok where this girl will message your boyfriend on Instagram to see if he’s faithful
I saw a tiktok where a girl will message your boyfriend on Instagram to see if he is faithful
My bf (m 23) keeps telling me (f 20) supposedly "funny" sexist jokes
Does he (30m) see me as a potential? (28f)
I (19m) can't get my ex (18f) out of my mind
My father (55M) makes me (18F) uncomfortable [more detail]
Boyfriend is a habitual contrarian and it’s getting tiring.
I [m22] cant stop thinking about her [f20] while Dating someone else
I [m22] cant stop thinking about her [f20] while sating someone else
Husband (M33) always ‘freezes’ in urgent situations
My father (55M) makes me (18F) uncomfortable [more detail]
Can't get my ex out of my mind.
Husband (M33) always ‘freezes’ in urgent situations
Am I in the wrong for breaking up with a girl who ghosted me?
I [22m] Can't get her [20f] out of my head, while dating someone [20f] else
Am I a bad person for Breaking up with a girl who ghosted me?
My (25M) ex/friend (24F) is staying with me and her living habits are annoying me what can I do?
Can someone explain what is happening between me (28F) and this guy (30M)?
My [F32] best friend [M36] of almost six years has a girlfriend now and I am heartbroken
Husband always ‘freezes’ in urgent situations
Social Media Troubles
My father (55M) makes me (18F) uncomfortable [more detail]
What does love feel like and how do you communicate in a relationship?
My ex applied for mediation, why would he do this if I've been nothing but civil and haven't stopped him from seeing his kids?
I don't want to be scared of him
Boyfriend [23M] unintentionally encourages my [21F] eating disorder.
Girlfriend thinks it's weird that I've had crushes on other girls in the past
My (32F) husband (33M) is definitely still cheating but I can’t confront him because of how I found out.
Boyfriend(28m) and I(26f) express frustrations differently. He holds onto my faults for a very long time... I can’t tell if I’m in the wrong or if we have different beliefs about relationships
Why can't I get over this?
Boyfriend(28m) and I(26f) express frustrations differently. He holds onto my faults for a very long time... I can’t tell if I’m in the wrong or if we have different beliefs about relationships
Intergroup dating- incest?
Problem with my best friend
The guy I've (23F) been talking to (24M) had sex with a guy.
What should I get my Swiss gf (21) for her birthday?
I (28f) met someone but can’t stop thinking of former flame
Update: My husband no longer plays Call of Duty out loud on his phone
This year has been really hard on me, and SO doesn't seem sympathetic
What can I [25M] do to find a cute tiny Chinese girlfriend in the fall / winter?
I (28f) met someone but can’t get over former flame
My (20F) best friend (19F) is distancing herself from me because of my boyfriend.
My (19f) ex (19m) is using my likeness in a comic & I'm concerned about it
My boyfriend [26M] doesn’t trust me [23F] with $100 million.
Little story I want to tell
My (32F) husband (37M) has an alcohol problem. I reached out to my father in law (65M) in a time of crisis and he ignored me.
I need emotional help :(
Have you ever needed to financially support your significant other? How has that worked out for you? How big of a deal was that for both of you? What’s the impact in the relationship?
I'm [29M] annoyed that my [28F] SO doesn't ever want to go out and do anything just because of the coronavirus
My (19M) previous relationship is affecting me even after breaking up with her 1.5 years later
Get over first love...
The End Of A Saga
How can I deal with a breakup
My GF hates my brothers GF
My GF hates my brother's GF and I don't know what to do?
Me [29 M] with my fiancé [30 F] of 3 years. I found out she gave up a puppy because her old boyfriend didn’t like it
Just gushing about my man that's all haha
Wondering if this is manipulative?
M [21] in a bit of a pickle with 2 different girls
Don't know if my post fits in here... But
moms boyfriend is threatening me but she doesn’t seem to care
I dont know if this post is appropriate but...
mom’s boyfriend is threatening me and I am worried for my safety but she doesn’t seem to care
Relationship Pet Peeve
Splitting rent with a s/o
Is “indifferent” my new normal ??
Loves a motherfucker
Boyfriend wants a break from me
Loves a motherfucker.
My (26f) boyfriend (31m) wants to take a break while he goes to rehab.
My boyfriend took a break from me.
Contemplating divorce..
Splitting rent during COVID
My fiancée got mad I still followed my ex on Instagram. Opinions?
Is “indifferent” my new normal?
Is it a bad idea to ask my FWB of six years why he won’t commit?
Splitting rent during COVID
I (21F) don't like being around my aunt (38F)
Gf(29), me(29) have been together 12 years but are stuck in a rut.
I (21F) don't like being around my aunt (37F)
I (21F) don't like being around my aunt (37F)
Should elderly abuse be reported even if the abused doesn't want it reported?
I (21F) don't like being around my aunt (37F)
Opinion on splitting rent during COVID
Relationship pet peeve
Girlfriend made me feel looked down upon.
I feel like I say I like you too much :(
Boyfriend (31) said he wanted a break from our Me (26) relationship for mental health reasons.
Would like advice..at my wits end..contemplating divorce.
I feel like I say I like you too much :(
I’m (18F) really struggling with my relationship with my family in quarantine..
My (24F) best friend's (23M) ex (23F) is sending me toxic messages
Me 29M UK broke up with my Girl Friend 25F UK : Materialistic Issues
This girl(18F) first dumped my friend(18M) for me(17M) than to only change her opinion and a week later give my friend another chance and now they are in a relationship.
My (24F) best friend's (23M) ex gf (24F) is sending me toxic messages and it's causing issues
I’m [18F] having a hard time deciding if I should break up with my boyfriend [17M]
My friend(18M) is in a relationship with a girl(18F) I asked for a date before
Talking to angry GF goes nowhere
Me 29M UK broke up with my 25F UK girlfriend : Materialistic Issues
My girlfriend is committed to going to a different college
I've [28/F/] with a friend [26 M] over a month been chatting, i think he is on yhe autistic spectrum or something similiar. Not sure how to approach the subject
Fighting with GF seems to go nowhere
My friend (22F) hates my boyfriend (23M) and now he’s coming between us- help!!
I really need help, I feel like I did something wrong.
Dealing with being the mom of the relationship
I miss the chase / attention from other men
My [20F] partner [20NB] of 2 years has been making fun of my height fetish for the entire duration of the relationship, and now they're suddenly saying our height difference is "cute." What should I do, Reddit?
IS MY BOYFRIEND'S BEHAVIOUR NORMAL?
why do boys in a relationship cheat?
I miss the chase/ attention that comes from being single.
Whom can you ask out?
I'm (29/M) moving in in with (26/F) and I can't share in her entusiasm because I have never lived with anyone before
Anxiety about boyfriend’s ex (and now friend)
Whom can you ask out?
Having trust issues with my LDR gf
EatLovePray
In-laws think my baby doesn’t belong to husband, and husband is defending them.
I (25f) want to live with my boyfriend (23m) and we can’t find a place
23F - My 30BF said he wants to die. I'm walking on eggshells as his anger is disproportionate. I want to help, but don't want to become even more anxious.
Update: My (29F) parents aren’t accepting of my new girlfriend (30F)
Update: My (29F) parents aren’t accepting of my new girlfriend (30F)
Was he into me or was I overthinking it?
i want more; please help me
Was he into me or was I overthinking it?
Update: My (29F) parents aren’t accepting of my new girlfriend (30F)
Was he into me or was I overthinking it?
how to deal with strict parents? parents wont let me (19m) close the door when girlfriend (19f) is over
i want more. help me please
Help! My boyfriend just wants to cuddle! He barely initiates sex with me. Does he look at me as just a friend ?
Would u date a stripper ?
My friend (M-20) and I (M-20) had an argument and the way it ended confused me.
I'm (21F) starting to hate my sister's (22F) boyfriend (?M) because of my sister and my social anxiety
I (31 M) Love My Girlfriend (28 F) But I don't Want to Marry Her
My (33F) husband (35M) wants to name our child 'Hakim' after his godfather, despite us both being white as wonderbread. Am I crazy for thinking this is a bad idea?
He (30, M) and me (24, F) : How to break free from an unhealthy dynamic ?
Is this a good friend?
My buddy's gf (F-29) flirts with me a lot when I (M-31) hang out
I (F22) love my boyfriend (M21) so much but I feel he is very selfish at times. Sometimes I feel like more like a fuck buddy because he never puts me first or even equal in things.
My buddy's girlfriend (F29) flirst with me (M31) a lot when we hang out
Is a person with these characteristics a real friend? Should I just drop them/ distance myself from this type of person?
I (f 19) am struggling with guilt over the loss of my virginity
I Feel Lost
He (30,M) and me (24,F) : How to leave an unhealthy dynamic ?
My buddy's gf flirts A LOT when we all drink together.
I’m[25] convinced my partner[23] is cheating on me. Should I be concerned?
Would you date a guy like me?
Miscommunication
Is there a better way that I (26F) can help him (27M) see that he is making excuses for his own behaviour in a helpful way?
Should I (21M) be concerned?
I’m[25] convinced my partner[24[ is cheating on me. Should I be concerned?
He keeps on breaking up with me when angry
Did I cheat on my ex?
How do I handle my resent towards my mom?
First time GF broke up with me 1 day after her birthday
How to recover from first break up
Break up
Trust Issues
I (F21) catfished a guy (M20) on Tinder, and when we met up irl, he didn't notice that I had catfished him because I looked similar enough to the photo. After 2 months of dating, I want to come clean.
Quarantine love test.
Should I (15m) tell my GF(15f) of 10 months that my parents are divorcing?
How do I [21M] deal with my first breakup?
Overthinking my relationship
How do I [21M] deal with my first breakup?
My (21M) gf (20F) is just getting more and more depressed and I don’t know what to do
We've taken a two week break, and then he (25m) sent me (24/f) this text.
Is leaving my (M20) girlfriend (F20) of two years over different interests the right move?
NEW ARTICLE: Toxic Relationships & How to Avoid Toxic Love
I(25) am convinced my partner(23) is cheating on me, but am likely being gaslit. What do I do?
My (16M) boyfriend starting dating a (16F) girl to cover up the fact that he's secretly in a homosexual relationship with me (16M)
My [27m] partner [28f] and I endured an abortion 6 months ago that completely evaporated her sex drive and we don't know what to do.
My [27] partner [28] and I endured an abortion 6 months ago that completely evaporated her sex drive and we don't know what to do.
in desperate need of help
Didn't read the guidelines, don't know what I want from this post. Sharing for someone else with low self-esteem. Remembering my High School Relationship
Test
I (26F) think I fell out of love with my boyfriend (23M) of 9 months [Long Post]
My (30/m) roommate and younger stepbrother (19/m) is lying about seeing his ex, whose Dad is trying to infect his wife with COVID
Just getting something off my chest
My (30/m) younger stepbrother and roommate (19/m) lying about seeing his ex during quarantine
Just finding a place to get this off my chest.
I feel like such a dumbass
Men have it so easy
I [27 F] think my ex [33 M]- 6 months together- was sub and trans
I (25F) think I fell out of love with my boyfriend (22M)
28M slapped by GF 28F
I feel like such a dumbass
Male (29) Slapped by GF (27)
My (F23) BF (M26) tells me he doesn’t want me to move in and live with him but wants me over 5 out of 7 days...
I’m [M20] unsure about to handle the next steps with my [F19] gf
Overheard girlfriends mom talking about me
Struggling with feelings of grief after I (28F) have sex with my boyfriend (28M)
Realize Ex is a Sub, But is He Trans Too?
Did someone’s true feelings just say hello ?
Do you think long distance cyber relationships work? And what was your personal experience?
Overheard girlfriends mom talking about me.
My (23F) Boyfriend (30M) wants me to move to another city
I'm Confused And Need Advice On My Ex
mixed signals :/
I(18m) and my Girlfriend (19f) have been together for 3 years. Idk why she blames me so much. Says I'm evil because I'm tired of her getting smart with me. I love her to death but I'm tired of feeling like I'm getting played. When I'm kind I get pushed to be tired and drained.
My (42f) husband (44m) is really stressed out re: finances and during a bad fight he hit me in the arm.
My [28/M] ex [26/F] told me that she didn't feel that much during the last year or so we were together.
My( 22M) GF(20F) kept pornographic pics of her and her ex
Heartbroken over a lost friendship
Me [42F] with partner (50M) of 1.5 years: am I wrong for feeling disappointed he may let his son (14) stay with us on our kid free weekend?
My husband doesn't care what I do and I don't know how to feel about it
Afraid of bf leaving? Afraid of being loved/happy?
Afraid of Bf Leaving
How to get over someone I never dated?
My( 22M) GF(20) kept pornographic pics of her and her ex
How to get over someone I never dated?
A cat is ruining my relationship
Heartbroken over a lost Friendship
Parents Upset After Finding Me and GF's X Rated Comic
I've [18F] been getting a hard time from my friend [18F] about dating her ex [18M]. I don't think she has a right to be angry but can't find a way to reason with her.
Is it gossip to tell people someone died
How do I (24F) talk with my husband (30M) about seeing a therapist for anxiety?
Would you date someone with 3 young children if you also had 3 young children?
How to not fuck shit up.
My [28 F] husband [29 M] refuses to consider moving out of what I consider a racist town.
Would you date someone with 3 young children if you also had 3 young children?
How to break up with my boyfriend of 3 years if he’s a good boyfriend?
mixed signals :/
My (21F) mom (40sF) constantly calls me fat.
My (20F) sister (15F) keeps being ostracized
My (20F) sister (15F) keeps being ostracized
Help!! I hate always starting the conversation and she almost never starts the conversation (M19 and F19) (2 months)
Struggling with aftermath of being betrayed and abused
Heartbroken over a lost friendship
My mum (44) is blaming me (19) for not getting out of my manipulative relationship fast enough
Struggling with aftermath of being betrayed
My mum (44) is blaming me (19) for not getting out of my manipulative relationship fast enough
Help!! I hate always starting the conversation and she almost never starts the conversation (M19 and F19) (2 months)
Becoming Emotionally Strong (M20s)
Help!! Idk what to do. (M19 and F19) (2 months)
Girlfriend Moving Away to College
[Serious] My gf and I are open to being swingers later in life
Help!! Idk what to do.
How do I break up with my boyfriend of 3 years if he’s a good boyfriend?
Girlfriend Is Moving Away to College
Boyfriend keeps talking about sex with other girls
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) made a weird comment today and I don't think she's as invested as I am. How can I pull back and stop being so overly romantic?
Girlfriend Is Moving Away For College
Talking about sex with other girls
My wife (F23) won't look at our newborn (M 1.5 months)
Looking for perspective
My boyfriend (22) just told me he thinks he has a porn addiction. I’m pretty devastated.
How do I speak with my husband about him needing to see a therapist for anxiety?
I sometimes say things I don’t mean- and upset my Boyfriend..
My girlfriend wants to have children but I don't
Possible long distance ideas?
I (37f) am considering breaking up with my partner (39m). Am I justified or just lazy?
Am I (34f) wrong for calling out my husband’s (37M) inappropriate ex?
Long Distance Ideas
I(23F) insisted a friend(26M) to put his phone on the speaker and found out that he was a terrible person
I have a crush on a FWB
did i just trash his manhood ???
How do I break up with my boyfriend of 3 years if he hasn’t necessarily done anything wrong?
Depressed about my marriage
My girlfriend wants to have children but I don't
My girlfriend wants to have children but I don't
My dog ignores me [30M] but loves my girlfriend [30F]. It's hurtful already, but my girlfriend also likes to make fun of me for it. Is it unreasonable for me to expect her not to make fun of me about it without telling her?
Having second thoughts
How should I (29F) address coworker (32F) starting rumors about me and trying to ruin my life?
(22F) I found my deadbeat(?) dad after never meeting him, and it’s hella weird
I’m having intrusive thoughts that my[25f] marriage with my husband[28m] will turn abusive
What does it mean when I have frequent (once every 2 weeks - month) dreams about a man I used to have a relationship with?
I (F25) think I might be developing feelings for my (M27) best friend
Boyfriend of over two years just broke up with me
A good friend of mine likes me, I’m unsure of how I feel, should I try having a relationship with her?
I (33 F) have been taking care of my grandfather (86 M) during this whole distancing situation and I am miserable
My (22F) sister (16F) lost a friend and has started taking it out on me and our family, not sure how to deal with it?
Something happened at my (15M) friend's (15M) party 3 months ago and my girlfriend (16F) and i cant agree on if i cheated
My (22F) sister (16F) recently lost a friend and has been taking her pain and anger out on me and our family, not sure how to deal with it?
(M22) (F21) I literally can't trust my feelings or judgement anymore... I decided to break up with my girlfriend, then one week later, I felt like I made a mistake and got back together. Was this a mistake? Please help me.
Is this abusive behaviour from partner [29M] or am I just overly sensitive and lack understanding myself [30F] (I have BPD)?
People who are fighting with their spouses and on the verve of divorce, how are you dealing with being quarantined with them?
Best Friend Never Making Equal Effort
Expectations in Pornography
Is it controlling if your boyfriend asks you not to talk to other guys after 10 p.m.?
Me (24) and my girlfriend (22) broke up out of the blue
I (20F) have been with my SO (24M) for over a year now and I love him, but I'm afraid that will change one day
Am I (19f) being crazy, or is he (21m) being disrespectful ?
My [F28] roommates [M31, F23] are upset I've been seeing my best girlfriend [F28]
Is it controlling if your boyfriend asks you not to talk to guys after 10 p.m.?
Can I ask to have my partner's phone password?
Crashing my best friend's downsized wedding?
My (26F) BF (26M) turned off the WiFi on my device so I couldn’t watch my show after I told him I wouldn’t be surprised if he is the one that lost my protective face mask.
Asked my girlfriend if she ever faked orgasms with me, she replied only sometimes, now she’s upset
Asked my girlfriend if she ever faked orgasms with me, she reluctantly admitted that she did, now she’s upset with me and I’m worried.
How to approach neighbors that make fires that get smoke in my house (and lungs)?
1 year
How to approach neighbors on making fires?
Did I break a fuckboy?
I (20f) feel uncomfortable after sexual experience with my ex (30m)
Was I wrong to call out my husband’s ex?
Rant about myself
Seeking advice for mid-distance relationship
My mom gets mad when I tell her how I feel. Am i in the wrong?
Balancing a mid-distance relationship
How many of you are I'm casual relationships (casual flings) and how serious do you treat it?
I (25f) finally cut off our (25m) constant contact
Boyfriend calls other girls cute and more?
Finally put my (25f) foot down with my ex (25m)
Never had a BF (F21)
Never had a boyfriend F21
I miss my grandmother so much it hurts. Td;lr
This is the hardest week, miss my grandma so much.
Boyfriend is very close with other girls?
Do you and your partner react to one another when you are asleep ?
Should I stop initiating sex?
Advise on Periods (M)
My boyfriend doesn’t appreciate the little things
I used to be AFRAID to CUT TOXIC PEOPLE out of my life. I felt that I needed them or that if I moved on I would be ALONE. I recently decided to CUT some of them out of my life. The RESULTS have been TREMENDOUS. I FEEL FREE, CONFIDENT, AND POWERFUL. I feel I can finally ENJOY MY LIFE.
Turns out maybe my(21f) ex(21m) was gay and now I feel weird
Do you and your partner react to each other when you are asleep?
My 25f bf 29m doesn’t see me anymore when I try to initiate
Am I (31F) being unreasonable/too controlling with my bf (29M)?
Parents ruin boyfriend’s credit, our future together at risk
I 30M ruined my 30F Fiancés bday by trying to cook pancakes when I have no cooking skills.
Girlfriend (22f) of 6 years broke up with me (24m) and immediately starting dating/hooking up with coworker she told me not to worry about. Advice?
Birthday ideas. (M/F 23/23 7 years)
I hate my family
Emotionally Cheating?
My roomie (25M) is driving me (20F) and my boyfriend (21M) nuts
Girlfriend (22f) of 6 years broke up with me (24m) and immediately starting dating/hooking up with coworker she told me not to worry about. Advice?
What should I do?
Women of r/relationships how would you feel if one of your girlfriends gave your number to a guy without your permission?
My 25f boyfriend 29m doesn’t seem to pick up on my signals at all
Quarantine bday ideas.
My (20s/F) lover (20s/M) and I are parting ways soon. Right person, wrong time, how do I cope?
Girlfriend (22f) of 6 years broke up with me (24m) and immediately starting dating/hooking up with coworker she told me not to worry about...
I [21m] got into a physical fight with my dad [60m]
I'm (21f) worried my boyfriend (20m) is gay
How do I approach her about her being distant all of a sudden
Help! I(m30) ruined my fiancés (f30) bday
I (M26) found out my girlfriend (F28) smokes weed and I'm thinking about breaking up with her.
I [21M] got into a physical fight with my dad [60]
I found out that my boyfriend of 22months text every other day to he’s best friend that’s a girl
(M22) (F21) I literally can't trust my feelings or judgement anymore... I decided to break up with my girlfriend, then one week later, I felt like I made a mistake and got back together. Was this a mistake? Please help me.
I’m terrible
How to do this
I (M26) broke up with my girlfriend (F28) because I found out she smokes weed.
I heard my (F/19) boyfriend (M/19) throw something over the phone while we were in a disagreement. Red flag? (NSFW).
One of my closest friends [23F] wants to spend my birthday with me [25M] just the two of us, and I'm not sure how I feel about it
Survived abusive relationship and now meeting other men
Ex (23f) thinks I (24m) hacked into her facebook account to "snoop"
My boyfriend doesn't stand up for me against his family, should he?
I [24F] am so sick of my boyfriend's [26M] self-sabotaging ways [RANT]
Boundaries advice
A question on boundaries
Husband (30/m) tried to cheat, what should I(25/f) do?
A question on boundaries
Ex thinks I hacked into her facebook to "snoop"
I (20 f) still think about my ex (20 m) everyday a year later.
Does this girl like me or not?
My boyfriend doesn't have my back against his family, is that weird?
I (20 f) still think about my ex (20 m) everyday a year later.
Crossroads
my boyfriend’s mom
Crossroads
This date was so hyped up, and nothing ended up happened. Did I blow it?
Husband (30/m) tried to cheat, I(25/f) don’t know what to do?
Why do my female friends always stop talking to me or replying to my texts when they get a boyfriend?
I (19M) stuck in quarantine while gf (19F) stuck in quarantine with guy roommate and it gives me anxiety.
I don't know if I should lie to my mom or not?
Think I made a mistake..
I don't know if I should lie to my mom or not?
I don’t know how to hide my eating disorder and I’m worried it will ruin everything.
I (F25) have been hooking up with my best friend (M27) and I'm not sure how to feel about it
Husband tried to cheat, I don’t know what to do
Trust issues
My (19M) gf (18F) broke up with me after a year
Trust
My boyfriend gets mad that I nap a lot. What do I do?
I (19M) stuck in quarantine while gf (19F) stuck in quarantine with guy roommate and it gives me anxiety.
My (19M) gf (18F) broke up with me after a year
How can I keep a spark?
What is the best way that I [21F] should break up with my boyfriend [23M] of one year, considering we are long-distance during quarantine?
Hooking up with my best friend
My boyfriend gets irritated that I nap a lot.
GHOSTING Dissertation 👻
My [27F] mum [56F] wants me to pay rent despite being disabled and incomeless.
Boyfriend (M25)’s new housemate (F26) is making me uncomfortable as she seems to want him as a replacement for her ex
I don’t know how to handle my current situation and I’m worried it will ruin everything
I wonder if people..
I'm (M48 )bored w sex life want GF(34) to do striptease pole dance. Is this a reasonable request?
My husband isn’t attracted to me?
What should I do?
My boyfriend (23M) is coming between me (21F) and my friend (22F). What should I do?
Girlfriend dumped me 12 hours before our trip across the country
mixed signals :/
Back together after Divorce- Moving in together Child Support Help ?!
Am I approaching this right?
Cross cultural marriages in Pakistan
Don't leave me advice
How should I tell her [20 F] I'm [19 M] short?
Girlfriend (23) was in an open relationship RIGHT before ours and didn't tell me for 7 months. Why does this bother me... Should it?
How do I move on and stop the self-blame following a particularly painful breakup?
I [F22] don’t know how to cope with my [F42] racist mom.
How do I stop the self-blame and move on from a particularly painful breakup?
Want GF to do a Stripper - Pole routine regularly
I think I have developed trust issues and I’m having trouble kicking them.
Needing advice. 42male and 41 female
I [21 F] am wondering if it’s normal for my boyfriend [22 M] to say that our relationship is him being realistic with his standards.
Should I (M22) date (F22)
Boyfriend’s (M25) new housemate (F26) see him as a replacement for her ex and its making me (F28) feel uncomfortable
Needing advice
Should I (22M) date (22F)?
Boyfriend can't handle stress. How can i help him cope?
My boyfriend can't handle stress. And i can't handle that.
I love my fiancé but having second thoughts
I [21 F] am wondering if it’s normal for my boyfriend [22 M] to thirst over celebrities in front of me
Have you ever sent a mean text to an ex then regretted it?
What's your opinion on this? (me 25m blindsided by 25f of 9 years, via text)
What's your opinion on this? (me 25m blindsided by 25f of 9 years, via text)
Boyfriends insecurities are ruining the relationship
I (23F) feel like a second choice to my boyfriend (25M), do I give up?
My (f19) boyfriend (m20) got herpes whitlow.
My (f19) boyfriend (m21) got herpes whitlow
To those of you in happy loving relationships - what’s your love story?
My boyfriend got herpes whitlow
I (23F) do not feel good enough for my boyfriend (25M) and that I am a subpar choice.
To those in happy loving relationships - whats your love story?
My [18F] ex [18M] won’t leave me alone
Passive aggressive father (54M) in law that is being combative to me (20F)
Have you ever sent a mean text to an ex then regretted it?
Am I in the wrong for dating my friend's "ex"? Repost from AITA because the original post was taken down
Strange connections
When to become exclusive?
My sister didn’t tell me that she’s engaged but told the rest of our family and I think I’m probably not invited to the wedding
What you do is one thing,what you don't do is a different story
Parents can't communicate, how to help?
My sister didn’t tell me about her engagement but the rest of the family knows and I think I’m probably not invited
My (M28) SO (F26) is not taking her mental health seriously and its affecting our relationship
Girlfriend [20F] of 6 months needs time apart to deal with mental health, how do I [21M] best handle taking a break myself, especially during a quarantine?
How do I [23M] advance a relationship with a girl [21F] when we're both stuck in quarantine?
When is a good time to become exclusive?
Is it best (or possible) for us [21F and 19M] to go back to being friends?
Strange Connections
My (M28) SO (F26) is not taking her mental health seriously and its destroying our relationship.
Is it normal to feel this way about my sexuality? (18M)
Sexless Relationship Help
How do I know if he’s manipulative?
How to Spy on cheating spouse
My boyfriend (49yo,M) and I (48yo,F) have been dating for 3 ½ years. We've had this discussion about bringing in a 3rd but...
What went wrong?
How do I let go of the negative thoughts about my girlfriends past?
Any feedback?
21F friend is suicidal and I don’t know how to help
My mom is cheating on my dad?
Suidical 21F friend who doesn’t want help but is impacting my life
My (23F) bf (23M) has been subscribing to OnlyFans accounts for months & I just found out.
My mom is cheating on my dad?
am I (29f) being childish for nothing getting my husband (31m) a birthday gift?
Reddit, am I[20F] a brat?
What is the wedding gift ettiquette for a COVID elopement?
So frustrated with my (24F) boyfriend's (27M) constant excuses
Am I being self destructive?
Am I being self-destructive?
My girlfriend says I’m controlling for asking her to compromise on her spending so much time at her parents
I fell out with my mother over a petty thing - what next?
Most of the opposite sex in my circles are disloyal to their partners, would i be happier if i were single and sleeping with whoever i wanted?
What is the ettiquette for a wedding gift for a COVID elopement?
I (25M) cant tell if I'm being crazy towards my GF(26F)
My [19F] bf [20M] and best friend [19F] both want to move out with me but I don’t want to hurt either of them...advice?
am I being childish by not getting my husband a birthday gift this year?
I'm (28F) having a very difficult time moving on from my best friend. (28M)
My ex (21F) slept her with ex while we broke up.
My [19F] bf [20M] and best friend [19F] both want to move out with me but I don’t want to be an asshole to either? Advice?
I'll just leave this here...
My ex sleep with her ex twice
My (19f) relationship with my boyfriend (22m) is doomed by my broken vagina
Lately, when I (20F) see my mother-in-law (54F) all I can think is “please leave me alone.”
Wondering if my bf (29M) love for me (26F) is real or not?
Self-Consciousness
Lately, when I (20F) see my mother-in-law (54F) all I can think is “please leave me alone.”
Non Cheating wife
Coping with older brother leaving
My (19f) vagina has been hurting and bleeding while trying to have sex with my boyfriend (22m)
My [F18] ex [M18] won’t leave me alone
Reposted: He changes condoms during sex.
Worst month in my entire life
Non Cheating wife
How would you like a nude from your SO if you are less visual than the average person?
Should I (26/f) reach out to my ex (m/30) who moved away?
My [21/F] EX [20/M] has unblocked me on one platform after a month of having me blocked on every platform we share?
How would you like a nude from your BF if you are less visual than the average girl?
Lately, when I see my mother-in-law, I can’t help but think “please leave me alone”
Should I [26M] reach out to my ex [25F] after three years apart?
I’m having a lot of trust issues with my LDR Gf
My boyfriend (20m) gets jealous when I (20f) go out with friends
Boyfriend (20m) gets jealous when I (20f) hang out with friends
Didn’t know where to ask (explaining death to a kid)
Why did my ex (26M) care that I (26F) blocked
What ongoing jokes/gags do you have with your SO?
Me (20M) and my long distance GF (20F) are having a big problem with my religious beliefs.
My [21] EX [20] blocked me a month ago on every platform, and unblocked me a few days ago?
When is porn too much?
My GF (F22) dumps me (M25) few months before our plan to live together
34M feeling betrayed by long-term friends
He changed condoms during sex?
Wondering if my bf (29M) love for me (26F) is real or not?
Is this wrong of my parents?
Me(20M) and my long distance GF(19) are having a big problem with my religious beliefs.
My (M24) ex (F21) who broke up with me when she started talking to someone else has reached out the last few weeks. She told me she's never dated the guy she was talking to. Today she reposted his story of a collage of them which included tons of dating-like photos.my heart hurts. Why is she lying?
I [M21] lied to my girlfriend [F20] and i don't know how to fix things
Getting over betrayal by long-time friends
Help!
I want to talk to my [20F] boyfriend [21M] about our future together, what are some important things to bring up?
Boyfriend [23M] has gradually become awful at texting me [22F] but I’m not sure if I should be concerned or understand that this is normal?
How to not go back to toxic relationships if I love him but it doesn’t work
When does porn become a problem?
I lied to my girlfriend and she wants me to fix things but i dont know how
My [M22] close friend [M22] is ignoring my girlfriend [F21] but still talking to me
My (18F) friend (22M) keeps trying to pay me for being his friend, like a platonic sugar daddy.
Please please please give me some advice. I just want us to be happy again. I’m desperate.
Fiance's (M31) anxiety is making sex a no-go, and it's making me (F29) feel undesirable and closed off
I (26) love my bf (27) family but hate him.
When does porn and video games become an issue in a relationship?
My (26F) ex-crush (27 M) is my new coworker and he's giving me a hard time
TL;DR I (M26) Broke up with her(F27), I thought she was the one, now I've grown and need her back. What do I do?
Hilarious Relationship Memes That Will Make You Laugh
My (26) bf (27) family is the family I never had but I hate him.
My (26F) ex-crush (27 M) is my new coworker and he's giving me a hard time
This is my second day of no contact but I (26F) want some of my stuff back from my exes (27M) house.
My [M22] close friend [M22] is ignoring my girlfriend [F21] but still talking to me
Is paying for porn and buying friends gufts considered cheating?
Is porn and buying friends gifts considered cheating?
Relationship on the rocks
(M21) (F22) Am I wrong for telling my gf the issues I had with our relationship later on vs when she always brought it to my attention sooner?
Relationship on the rocks
Why did my ex (26M) notice that I (26F) blocked even though he was the one that dumped
Me [26M] with my [25F] just broke up. I just want to know what's on her mind
Confused whether to use emojis or not with my girl
I (25F) slept with a good friend (25M) and never heard from him about it.
Politic/religious discussions taking a toll on my relationship
How do I (20F) deal with my boss (42M) making comments about my appearance and red pill ideology?
Would you date a boring guy?
My [24M] girlfriend [25F] trusted her shorter-term ex with her past more than me.
How do i know if I’m wasting my time?
I (25F) had sex with my good friend (25M) on vacation, and we never talked and he went on to date someone else.
I (23F) am afraid of being intimate or getting into a relationship because I have hirsutism (excessive hair growth)
TL:Why when I think about my ex do I have a feeling of vomiting? (19M) ME (20F) EX
I, (M26)Broke Up with Her (F27), Thought She was the One.
I (male 55) not feeling very optimistic about finding love after divorce #2 completes. Seeking advice.
Why when I think about my ex do I have a feeling of vomiting? (19M) ME (20F) EX
Is he losing interest?
I (23F) am afraid of being intimate or getting into a relationship because I have hirsutism (excessive hair growth)
Please Share Stories
Why when I think about my ex do I have a feeling of vomiting?
First Kiss Dilemma plz help
I don't know how to comfort myself
Unsure about my future with my boyfriend?
They weren't sorry when you didn't know. Remember that.
Is it normal to have second thoughts about boyfriend?
GF overheard a call with a long term female friend and his brother
Please Share Stories
Should I be worried about the reasons my fiance doesn't want to take my last name?
Should a relationship be ended because you don't have enough sex?
Fiancee (30F) is starting to express antivax sentiments; I'm (30M) worried
Should physical relationship between a couole be a reason for break up?
I helped my grandma buy flowers for her daughters and now the family is mad at me
My (23F) bf (23M) has been subscribing to OnlyFans accounts for months & I just found out.
Parents and Gift Giving, how do I tell my parents to stop giving me expensive things I don't like?
People who have experienced cheating, what was your reason behind it?
My (23F) boyfriend (30M) of three years is always in a bad mood.
Dating two people at the same time?
My (26 female) father (60 male) kicked me out of his house for a disagreement about politics that blew up. Am I wrong for saying what I did under his roof? How should we go about remedying this, if at all?
TLDR: scared boyfriend will pressure me into stuff I don't want
Crazy wife(F42) wants to end my(M45) life
TV Docu-Series Is looking for You
Help me
My [26M] girlfriend [43F] of 3 years thinks it's okay that her ex-FWB tries to initiate/get with her every few months, is this normal?
My (25f) new boyfriend (25m) lives with his ex (23f) who he recently had sex with.
I [28M] and considering splitting from my wife [28F] of 2.5 years because I feel like our marriage/love is a sham after finding out she and my friends and family schemed to get me to like her.
Although it's only been a few months, I (16f) don't know if I still have feelings for my bf (17m)
Dating two people at the same time?
How do I get my ex back?
Family won’t social distance, I’m the bad guy
Help me
My boyfriend (24 M) seems more interested in the dog than in me (24 F)
Caught SO looking at porn next to me in bed. How do I talk with him?
CLEAR YOUR DOUBT..
Elder Brother (30 F) keeps blaming me (24F) for everything and I dont know what to do
Boyfriend (20M) says he doesn't see any reason why he should want to spend the summer with me (F20) in our collegetown apartments
Politic/religious discussions taking a toll on my relationship.
Elder Brother (30 F) keeps blaming me (24F) for everything and I dont know what to do
I'm (15m) adopted. How do I get my parents to treat my brother (15m) the same way as me?
Should I lie to my parents about buying a scooter?
Family won’t social distance
Is my nurse friend off her rocker or perfectly sane by posting an anti-Covid vaccine message?
I don't know if I [22F] should break up with my boyfriend [25M]
I (25m) called my girlfriend (26F) by an anime character’s name during sex
I (26/F) got separated from my boyfriend (26/M) of 7 years due to lockdown
Couple Counselling
Couple Counselling
Keeping passion alive in marriage
He is asking me to wait.
I (f16) don't know whether I'm overthinking in quarantine and whether or not I really think breaking up with my bf (m17) is right
I (26/F) got separated from my partner (26/M) due to lockdowns
I feel like my boyfriend is more interested in the dog then me
Boyfriend (20M) says he doesn't see any reason why he should want to spend the summer with me (F20) in our collegetown apartments
Got Separated from my Boyfriend due to Lockdown
I think my [F22] relationship [20M] is ending...
Boyfriend [18m] lost feelings for me [22f] in LDR
BF's [23/M] house grosses me out and I [27/F] hate going there, but that is the only way we are able to spend time together.
me 37/m, her 32/f, Is it normal for your significant other to get on your back for not being productive whenever they are in a productive mood and going around the apartment cleaning everything?
I (25M) am struggling to adjust to married life with my wife(23F)
I (28F) will be moving in with my boyfriend (29M) soon. I want to bring up being able to rearrange and decorate his bachelor pad of an apartment as a condition to me moving in.
coping with realising your relationship was abusive?
I (30F) overheard the most heart breaking conversation my husband (37M) had with his friend.
For those of you who ended up dating a close friend, how many dates before you made it official?
32F - having a lot of anxiety about seeing my boyfriend again
Boyfriend makes rude “jokes”
I [M20] would like to give my best friend [F20] gifts for Mother’s Day. Is that too weird?
Boyfriend makes rude “jokes”
How Do I (15m) Get Out of a Relationship that I Don't Want to be in?
If she starts using your slang, u got her heart
My mom (45) started dating and now I need to take care of my siblings.
[M20]My best friend [F20] wants a nice Mother’s Day and I want to give her gifts.
I 21m broke up with my gf 19f because she asked for a break
My(26F) boyfriend(30M) of 10 years is moving out to find himself
someone in my life that sort of ignores me sometimes hot/cold. I take it to hard.
I 21m broke up with my gf 19f because she asked for a break
My(26F) boyfriend(30M) of 10 years is moving out to find himself
I (30F) overheard the most heart breaking conversation my husband (37M) had with his friend.
welcome
Need Advice about Honeymoon Period Ending
What’s your relationship toolkit?
Broke up with gf because she asked for a break
My Mom is trying to control my wallet and is threatening to kick me out if I won’t let her
Broke up with my gf because she asked for a break
Girl (F/18) told me (M/18) I have competition
I (M/18) have been talking to a girl (F/18) and she told me I have competition for her
My (26m) girlfriend (26f) is calling me way too much.
I [f31] just had a baby and my husband [m34] looks at porn all the time and is unsupportive.
Is it ok for a 16yo to date a 19yo
I feel only attracted to big girls and my mates (past and present) have bullied me for it
Should I [27M] keep trying to make things work with my ex [24M]?
My (26m) girlfriend (26f) is calling me way too much
Accidentally told my (22F) coworker (20s F) her boyfriend cheated on her with me
How could I [21/M] show support to my wife [42/F] while going through tough times. Or is she looking for a way out of the relationship?
Should I be concern?
I (20m) feel like my boss (45m I’m not sure how old he is) doesn’t like me. How do I deal with this?
I feel like my boss doesn’t like. How do I deal with this?
Why am I so paranoid?
My anxiety is consuming me
Should I (36m) get my ex (35f) flowers for Mother’s Day
Insecurities to starting a relationship
Should I (35m) get flowers for my ex (36f)
It’s been a year since we’ve been in this situationship why won’t the (24/M) commit to me (20/F).
UPDATE: I (M27) want to move on but she (F26) has no idea. Help!
Loss of libido (please help)
My girlfriend (30F) lives extravagantly. She wants me (32M) back after we broke up. Do I give her a second chance?
Being silent treated
I (20m) feel like my boss doesn’t like me. How to deal with this?
I [F25] am considering leaving my partner [M35] of 4 years but afraid of retaliation - what steps can I take?
My F21 Boyfriend M23 proved some local "conspiracy theories" were true, he's now going off the rails mentally and I don't know what to do.
Being silent treated
UPDATE: I (M27) want to move on but she (F26) has no idea. Help!
My (30M) girlfriend (29F) of 7 years told me she doesn't know if she wants to be with me.
I (F21) was a b**ch to my boyfriend (M23). I feel like he deserves better, and I want to break up. But he doesn't feel that way.
I (24F) Got my (23M) to block all communication with a girl and I don't know if it was the right decision.
How to get over the anxiety when your girlfriend tells you she just spoke to her ex?
FWB/Friend (M/20) and I (F/19) together again but he is confusing me with his mixed behaviour?
Me (F/19) and (M/20) i've been seeing on and off for almost a year... I need advice because I'm confused
Should I (19F) break up with my boyfriend (22M) for the sake of my mental health?
I'm sure that I want to get married but I'm worried that age might be a problem.
Should I be Concern
Better help ?
Should I by my ex flowers for Mother's day.
Is it possible to stay friends with an ex?
Should I buy my ex-wife flowers for Mother's Day
What should I do?
Why are girls my friend one day and back stab me the next even thou I did nothing and don't tell me what i did?
How to get over the anxiety when your girlfriend tells you she just spoke to her ex?
why would he [21/m] ask me this twice?
Why are girls my friend one day and back stab me the next even thou I did nothing and don't tell me what i did?
My (30M) girlfriend (29F) of 7 years told me she doesn't know if she wants to be with me.
How to get over the anxiety when your girlfriend tells you she just spoke to her ex?
My ex is making me really confused
Lockdown Libido Problems (please help!)
Desperate to leave, but afraid I'm too scared to
What should i do about my “best” friend?
Standards permanently raised
What should i do about my “best” friend?
HELP! Dating for six months and need some advice on how to go about it.
I (F23) slept with a guy (M38?) a few times and told his GF (F23) a year later
HOW TO GET YOUR EX LOVER BACK
How do I (25F) help my husband (32M) cope with his family members' deaths better?!
Gf (22F) is upset at me (24M) and I don't know why
My[19F] boyfriend[19M] tried to force me out of my own apartment.
Gf (22) seems to be upset at me (23). Does anyone know why?
I (19) sent my ex (20) fake negative pregnancy test so that he could move on.
AITA: I (F23) slept w a guy (M38?) in a relationship and told his gf a year later
I [38F] had to move into my parents [60s M/F] house last minute after a breakup and things are not going well. How do I communicate?
AITA: Sleeping w a guy in a relationship and telling her a year later (without direct evidence/screenshots)
I (30M) believe my wife (32F) of seven years is becoming increasingly erratic. I am not sure if she is gas lighting me, I really am an asshole, or her anxiety/depression is getting the best of her.
My girlfriend (30F) lives extravagantly. She wants me (32M) back after we broke up. Do I give her a second chance?
I can’t stand my significant others friends
My feeling towards soulmates
Should I ask my fiancé to not invite so many people to our shower?
Idk what to think, should i just try to not care?
7 years of poor communication
UPDATE: Boyfriends (18m) parents (40-50) called me (18f) jealous and don’t respect me, how do I stop thinking about them?
Is it me?
My GF (30F) lives extravagantly. She wants me (32M) back after we broke up. Do I give her a second chance?
[UPDATE] Boyfriends (18m) parents (40-50) called me (18f) jealous and don’t respect me, how do I stop thinking about them?
Boyfriends (18m) parents (40-50) called me (18f) jealous and don’t respect me, how do I stop thinking about them?
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months ignores my texts and it makes me [21/F] feel hurt and unwanted. What to do?
Boyfriend [26/M] of 10 months ignores my texts and it makes me [21/F] feel hurt and unwanted. What should I do?
Should I ask my fiancé to invite less people to our shower?
Boyfriend [19M] wants to end our polyamorous relationship with my [20F] girlfriend [20MtF], but I don't want to lose them both.
My(28F) BF (33M), together 6 months, follows a lot of models/fitness girls/ explicit accounts on Instagram, it's creating conflicts and tension. Is it worth approaching it ?
Weird ex bf (20+M) of crush (20M) keeps checking my (18M) Instagram stories
Will She Ever Change?
How can I [24f] help my mother [60f] improve her appearance and confidence?
First love breakup, need to get my feelings out there.
Lost my grandmother last year; anonymous venting.
Do most men deal with anger this way?
HELP! just help me guys I cant stress on this enough. Give it a read and help me
Do most men deal with conflict in this way ?
My friend posted a TikTok exposing my bodycount and refuses to delete it
Is it nice or weird if I (m31) get a cute jewellery "from" my daughter (f1.5) to her mom/my ex (f32)?
My friend posted a TikTok exposing my bodycount and refuses to delete it
My (20F) relationship may end soon if I cant fix myself
How do I [31M] deal with my girlfriend [31F] of 5 months wanting her ex to be a part of her life despite issues it has caused?
Gf (26) still texts and talks about her ex daily, making me M(22) question if shes actually serious.
My roommate (25M) is mad that I (23F) was in the bathroom when he needed it
Gf (26) texts her ex daily, a lot of times even when she hangs with me M(22)
I want my sister to move out.
Passive aggressive Father in law being very combative towards me (F 20)
Missing being single in a good relationship.
My (32M) wife (31F) left after 10 years of being together and I am just trying to understand.
I can't share my deep thoughts to my partner.
Set my friend[F19]up with the guy[M21] i like
Wondering whether my(26F) bf's(29M) love for me is real or not
Set my friend [f19] up with the guy [m21] i like
Needing some help.
Can you be with someone who looks average without doubting can I do better?
My (21F) now ex boyfriend (24M) was acting strange. (Recovering addict & ex-dealer)
How do I(25f) get my boyfriend(24m) to fall back in love with me
Long term relationship - fizzled out or normal?
How do I [20F] get my father [47M] to stop trash-talking my mother [45F] right in front of me?
I feel as if my SO is trying to be condescending when I state my views.
How do I [20F] ask my father [47M] to stop trash-talking my mother [45F] right in front of me?
How do you deal with a s/o with similar beliefs about issues but in reality, they are opposing opinions?
My girlfriend's ex-best friends got back at for not saying sorry enough times
How do I(25f) get my boyfriend(24m) to fall back in love with me
How to make friends with people who actually understand you
Two women want me but I'm very confused
I got two girlfriends today..haha..THE SECRET OF WOMEN PERSUASION
My friend (M25 British) and I ( F18 United States) has been referring to me as love, sweetheart, dear, my sweet, and baby.
What is it like to be in a relationship AFTER you'd been with your life partner?
Recover deleted text messages on any phone
Thoughts?
I (21M) currently confused about mixed messages from girl I once asked out (21F), who said yes but meant no. Randomly added after no communication for 2 months for a video chat app.
I broke up with my bf because I wanted to work on myself.
Would you move 600 miles from your adult kids to be near extended family?
Should a person break up with a frenemy?
My (20 F) boyfriend (20) went through depression a few months ago, however he still can't shake off the sadness or the feeling of being unworthy. How can I help?
Should I [21F] break up with my boyfriend [26M] for something racist he said?
Am I being too demanding? I am female 36. SO is Male 36.
Would you move 600 miles from your young adult kids?
Curious
My (20 F) boyfriend (20) went through depression a few months ago, however he still can't shake off the sadness or the feeling of being unworthy. Help!
Men have you ever been vulnerable and it back fired?
My girlfriends toxic ex-best friends got back at her for not saying sorry enough times
INSIGHT ASAP
Breakup Blues
How to slow relationship down without losing the other person?
Breakup blues
What can I [25M] do to find a cute tiny Chinese girlfriend in the fall / winter
Lockdown relationship troubles
I (24M) feel like I can't stand up for my girlfriend (22F), who is hated by my parents
I (25m) should an anime girl’s name during sex with my girlfriend (26F)
My gf (20F) says that my (20M) voice turns her off
I (21F) had a miscarriage I dealt with alone because my then boyfriend (21M) decided to break up with me
How should I (M/28) get this relationship off the ground (F/31)?
Reddit Rage
How to get over heartbreak in a healthy way?
Reddit Rage
MY BOYFRIEND (28) SAID HE PAID FOR MY(26) ENGAGEMENT RING( -I FOUND OUT HE USED MY CARD AND MY MONEY TO MAKE THAT PURCHASE. Im technically paying for my ring now
What can I [25M] do to find a cute tiny Chinese girlfriend in the fall / winter?
Reddit Rage
Should I keep texting him?
Should I keep texting him?
To give my new relationship a chance or a job move
How to slow down the relationship without losing the other person?
Should I keep texting him?
I (27F) need advice on how husband (31M) and I can set the mood for sex
Boyfriend obsessed with a sexy video I sent him
Me [30M]Lied to a tinder girl about living alone [F24] and Now I am really having feelings about her. How I deal with this?
Need advice as a female (18) on supporting my partner (22) grieving the death on someone who bullied me.
My (24, F) boyfriend (32) yelled at me and now i'm not sure how to feel
I [M30] Lied to a tinder date [F24} - And now starting to have feelings about her - Help;
Need advice on supporting a partner grieving the death of someone who bullied me
I love my wife but thinking about other
Help - I Lied to a tinder Date - And Now I am starting to have feelings about her.
Is it wrong to ask my boyfriend to delete photos of a dead girl who bullied me?
Do partners show their love language early in the relationship?
Quarantine with my fiancé has been hell.
Is it unusual that my friend (F24) lets her long term boyfriend (M30) masturbate with random women over video chat?
SHOULD I DUMP MY GIRLFRIEND???
Boyfriend obsessed with a sexy video I sent him
About my "girlfriend"??
My bf said he doesn’t love me as much as I love him
I am scared that I (19F) won't be able to move with my bf (18M) due to his parents
I’d like to end my relationship but remain friends 26F 35F
Porn addiction
I worry my husband cuddles with me like I’m supposed to be his “mother”
I am terrified that me (19F) and my BF (17M) won't be able to move together in the future!
should i (24F) be upset that my boyfriend (25M) told his ex she’s pretty?
should i be upset about my boyfriend telling his ex she’s pretty?
My boyfriend told me i love him more than he loves me
Is it unusual that my friend lets her boyfriend masturbate with random women over video chat?
Discussing important topics to SO via text?
should i be upset about my boyfriend telling his ex she’s pretty?
(F25) my fiancé (M29) gets violent when angry
Is leaving my (M20) girlfriend (F20) of two years over different interests the right move?
How do I open up to my partner?
Should I (25f) be partying more?
I (18) F troubling relationship with my father. can anyone give me a solution?
I’m (17m) completely lost in my dating life.
My (F25) fiancé (M29) gets violent when angry
I (19F) think my boyfriend (20M) may be a Cuck and I'm not sure how to bring it up.
Approaching people
My boyfriend (20M) isn’t doing well in college and life and it’s affecting me more and more. Not sure what to do.
Boyfriend is doing bad in college and it’s affecting my mental state.
My (27F) partner (29M) wants to sleep with one more person before settling down.
I (18 F) have a faulty relationship with my father (56)
Insecure, Jealous, and Sad
I think my boyfriend may be a Cuck and I'm not sure how to talk about it with him.
How to make my boyfriend happy?
How do you deal with someone LOVING YOU MORE than you love them?
How to make my boyfriend happy?
My former supervisors [50s & 70s/F] seem to have lost interest in collaborating to undertake research. What should I [30/F] do?
Why do relationships work this way
I'm 15(m) and my girlfriend wants a baby and is being extremely toxic about it
my dad never checks up on me
A long ago ex added me out of no where, after 4 years, just to apologize to me and catch up, right after he got married?
Insecure, Jealous, and Sad
My boyfriends groupchat with the bros is giving me anxiety
Advice?
Trying to work up the balls to send my (15M) old friend (16F) this message, should I?
It feels like my boyfriend (19M) doesn’t miss or care about me anymore (17F).. is quarantine making me go crazy?
Should I stay?
Should I stay here?
I [26 M] ended things with the person I love [26 F] because I need to heal, but I already want her back.
How do I (25F) help my husband (32M) cope with his family members' deaths better?
My former boss was accused of sexual harrasment and I don't believe the accusations. What should I do?
My (23F) Boyfriend (30M) wants me to move an hour away
How do u just... Let go?
I (19F) have a problem with caring about people. Is that a bad thing?
I ( 19 F ) have a problem with caring about people. So is that my fault?
When my boyfriend (19M) and I (17F) Facetime, it doesn’t feel.. real, anymore.
I ( 19 F) have a problem with caring bout people.
I (19 F) have a problem with feelings toward people around me.
Saw my [M 25] GF [F 20] in the park randomly getting hit on by a random guy I didn't know
Living with recently broken up ex girlfriend
Say my [M 25] GF [F 20] in the park sitting with a random guy
a toxic relationship from the outside
Long distant relationships are wack :/
Is my (M22) relationship with my boyfriend(M21) worth staying in?
Sugar Daddy
My GF (F 18) wants to shave her head and i’m (M 18) completely against the idea
My GF has been thinking of shaving her hair but I absolutely hate the idea.
did you had a relationship that really changed the way you see other people?
did you had a relationship that really changed the way you see other people?
Am I misunderstanding my girlfriends anxiety?
I'm (19 F) and I have problems with any type of relationship
How to help my (21F) mom (50F) cope with me moving out?
How to start think more positively about him (23M) (I'm 24F)
feelings are wack
I [33M] am worried about the future with my GF [29F]
I [33M] am worried about the future with my GF [29F]
Am I wrong for extending our plan one day because of this?
First Kiss Dilemma plz help
Girl problems
Girl problems
My BF[27M] of a year constantly fails to pay rent promptly, what do I[28M] do to make it so that we aren't having to have the exact same argument every month.
Girl problems
Don’t know what to do about boyfriend
Should I (20M) and my gf( 19F) take a break?
I (F21) broke up with my boyfriend (M22) but he convinced me to patch back, need advice
I (34M) am considering leaving my husband (37M) while he is awaiting serious surgery
I (23M) broke up with my (24F) partner of 3 years today. I regret it and feel like it was a huge mistake.
I (25m) don't have trouble finding people, I have a really hard time keeping them around.
Me [M18] with my neighbor [F40s], she and I had sexual contact, but I want more from it, how should I ask her?
My (20F) father (43M) made a side comment about putting restrictions on my phone.
My (30f) aunt used to ignore/deny the severe verbal and emotional abuse my mother (her sister) put me through. She's apologized for it and keeps sending me FB messages about wanting to have a close relationship with me. How should I respond?
I (F21) broke up and got back together with my boyfriend (M22), need advice please
Was he just trying to get in my pants
My [20F] Dad [43M] made a comment about taking my phone away. Help!
Did I (24F) make a right decision by cutting my whole family off?
Am I allowed to be angry at my BF or am I being toxic?
tl;dr my older brother is a literal psycho and I am stuck in a house with him (thanks coronavirus) and can barely leave my room.
My best friends & I want to kick someone out of our friend group- HELP!
Am I wrong for extending the date of our plan by one day?
Ive never been in a relationship but im curious...
My (21F) boyfriend (20M) of 10 months wants to have a threesome.
My (21f) best friend (20f) didn’t wish me a happy birthday.
I almost ruined my parents lives and the guilt has never left me...
Is it possible to fall in love again?
Is it possible to fall back in love again?
I’m in love with my best friend
The story about how I almost ruined my parents lives...
Why does my[41m] ex[42f] who I dated for a month always make jokes like I'm some kinda hornball that is lusting after all women?
Dishonesty, emotional affair, porn addiction... how much is too much?
I (f22) could never get complete closure and peace on my whole messed up break up with my ex bf (m28)
How did my first date go? Very confused
She ditched our planned out FaceTime to hang out with 2 other guys that she has talked to most of the quarantine
Why does my[41m] ex[42f] always make jokes like I'm some kinda hornball that is lusting after all women?
Gf cheating?
Should I break up with my boyfriend for no real reason?
Mother is driving me insane during shelter in place
I recently went through a very nasty breakup. I dont want hook ups or someone new, but is there any where to find just conversation?
Should I break up with my boyfriend?
I (18M) randomly remember that my GF (16F) has had boyfriends before me and it bothers me.
Supportive and open minded relationship
How did my first date go? Very confused.
I (22F) started dating my friends (22F) former friend (23M) with benefits, and now she hates me.
(18M) Feeling trapped in a consensual relationship with my manager (22M)
25(F) sorting out the end of a 3-year open relationship with a 34 (M) now that his wife says no more
Supportive and open minded relationship
Girlfriend suddenly broke up because of depression/guilt - feeling lost af
I 28(f) am consensually in a weird and unhealthy relationship with 39(m) and I really need some insight about the right way to move forward. Is there anyone who would be willing to read this VERY long and imperfect attempt at explaining the situation? And then offer insights, advice, guidance....
(18M) Trapped in a relationship with my manager (22M) Please help!
25(F) sorting out the end of a 3-year open relationship with a 34 (M) now that his wife says no more
Girlfriend suddenly broke up because of depression/guilt - feeling mindf***ed
I (20M) don't find my gf(19F) attractive anymore
I (20F) have always been a gift giver, and the people I’m with always get after me. How do I stop?
Need help deciding what kind and where to buy leather pants for my fiancée
Should I message my old crush that I haven’t talked for 6 years?
has anyone else had a bad experience with other people on reddit?
How to recognize if I am being manipulative?
My husband (31M) just told me (23F) he wants a divorce ... I’m 3 months pregnant with our second child....
Should I message my old crush that I haven’t talked for 6 years?
11 yra and counting
Husband [M29] blames me [F25] for all of the problems in our marriage
bf help
How do I [25F] move on from someone [26] you spent a few months with that hits you with the “I’m not ready for a relationship”
Thinking about past lover
What to get for a birthday gift
What would you do if you were me?
Decided to see how long it would take for my family to speak to me without me initiating the conversation first..its been 4 months and no one has spoken to me first. Is this weird? Is it normal?
Stuck in a house with psycho abusive brother
advice on dealing with jealousy i (f22) might have about my boyfriend and their female friends? what are healthy limits?
What to get for a birthday gift
advice on dealing with jealousy i (f22) might have about my boyfriend and their female friends? what are healthy limits?
How do I (23F) break things off with my friend from uni (24M)?
I [27f] just want things to be normal in our marriage [32m]
Missing an Ex after a year who was suspected for killing my dog
I [27] just want for everything to be normal in our marriage [30m]
Decided to see how long it would take for family to speak to me without me initiating the conversation first..its been 4 months and no one has spoken to me first. Is this weird? Is it normal?
Only got a bj from a girl, she didn’t let me do anything else why?
TL;DR: F(26) dating M(29) for 9 months but even though it seems like we're in a relationship, he says he isn't ready for one. But his actions contradict his words and leave me feeling confused and heartbroken. What should I do?
I swear my (23 F) boyfriend (23 M) is still attached to his parents by the umbilical cord.
How do I (23F) "break up" my relationship with my friend (24M)?
Missing my ex who was a suspect of killing my dog
TL;DR! I'm a F(26) who has been dating a M(29) for 9 months and even though it seems like we're in a relationship, he says he's not ready for a serious relationship. His actions do not match what he's saying and is leaving me very confused. What should I do?
Threesomes
If you’re not sure the person you’re with gives you utmost happiness, should you be with them?
TL;DR F(26) dating a M(29) who says he isn't ready for a serious relationship yet treats me like a serious girlfriend and leaves me feeling very confused? Please help!
How do I (18M) deal with 1 word replies?
I’m (F20) trying to ask out friend of three years (M22)
My (25F) stepmother has ruined my relationship with my dad
My girlfriend broke up with me for probably the 6th or 7th time. Very complicated.
TLDR: I have no idea if I’m in a relationship or not?
My (36F) relationship with my cousin (30F) is improving, but often exhausting and I'm at a bit of a loss as to how to manage it.
Boyfriend is turning 40! Any ideas please?
Looking for some insight on my breakup
I (29F) feel weird that my good friend (29M) is finally starting to date
I feel guilty as heck for wanting to move out of my parents house and in with my fiancé. Should I feel like this?? How do I tell them (mainly my mom) the news? (TL;DR at the bottom)
Looking for some insight on my breakup
I feel guilty for wanting to move out of parents house and in with my fiancé. How do I tell them the news and deal with the inevitable blow up reaction? (I’m 23)
Considering ending my (24F) relationship with boyfriend (27M) after he had a bad work related anxiety attack that threw him and our relationship of its axis. I feel absolutely awful.
How do I (22F) talk to my boyfriend (23M) about abortion being a woman’s right?
(F20) I am hoping for any hang out ideas over quarantine for me and my SO. We are quarantined in different countries.
I (23F) constantly feel very belittled intellectually by a guy I like/ friend (24M)
GF hooked up with somebody else
I just need to be reassured that I'm not going insane
How do couples shower together ?
Girlfriend's mom said she can't talk to me ever again
I don't know what to say to him
I (23f) want to break up with my boyfriend (28m) but I don’t know how
My ex gf’s (F21) birthday is today...struggling really hard..she’s reached out a few time over the last few weeks and I (M23) gave into her suggestion to FT the other night... I’m not sure what to do. What does she want from me?
He [32M] told me [23F] that I need to get lip injections if I wanna date him, how do I mend my self esteem after this?
My (f25) bf (m32) is mad at me because I cough too much..
My bf is mad at me because I cough too much...
My bf is mad at me because I cough too much..
I'm [23NB] super jealous and upset over my friend [25F] using our inside joke with someone else
I don’t really make girlfriend laugh, but other guys she dated before did?
Does sex need to play a big role in a relationship?
My mum won’t let my girlfriend stay the night because she was concerned about us having intercourse, and even after I told her she was waiting for marriage for that because of her religion she still said no way.
My mum won’t let my girlfriend stay the night because she was concerned about us having intercourse, and even after I told her she was waiting for marriage for that because of her religion she still said no way.
I (32/f) am doubting my friend’s (34/m) motivations for getting married and do not like their spouse either. I didn’t know what to say, never congratulated him, shut down and the friendship seems to be over. Where do we go from here.
I (34f) need space from my best friend (38f) of 12 years but I don't know how to get it.
My GF hooked up with somebody else and I don’t know how to handle it
My mum won’t let my girlfriend stay the night, even after I told her she is waiting for marriage for intercourse because of her religion, why is she doing this?
I need space from my best friend of 12 years but I don't know how to get it.
People can’t stand me. They read into things I say and get mad that I won’t admit it. (28f)
I (33m) feel I need to know about part of my gf’s (32f) sexual relationship with ex.
Boyfriend seems preoccupied with most of our conversations/ time spent together
People read into things I say and get mad that I won’t admit it. Call me snarky (28f)
Brick and mortar businesses are a bad choice. Do this instead.
How would you feel? What would you do? Please help me
Boyfriend (19) behaves like a child. What should I do?
Women of reddit Would you date someone who is your own age ?
I no longer feel like talking to my good online friend, even though he's being incredibly understanding and putting in lots of effort.
If your boyfriend of 4 years, was taking to someone they used to like and are planning to meet up with them. How would you react? What would you do?
Women of reddit would you date someone your own age
Advice needed
I F(20) am supposed to stay the weekend away for my friend's birthday and my boyfriend M(21) of 3 years doesn't want me to because there will be guys there, should I go?
I (23M) need your opinion for closure
Need advice about my relationship (dealing with GF's past)
GF hooked up with somebody when we started dating and I don’t know how to deal with it
IDK what i want/ not sure
Girlfriend (31) and I (35) opened a can of worms with our sexual “numbers”. How to proceed?
Okay, I think I'm ready to come to terms with the fact that I have a 'silent treatment' problem....
IDK WHAT I WANT/NOT SURE
Okay, I think I'm ready to come to terms with the fact that I have a 'silent treatment' problem....
My[20F] new bf [23M] dumped me because of my past. Is this normal?
23m having problem with girlfriend.
Am I [26/M] too close with my friend [26/F]? I think we might be an issue for her bf [27/M]
Me (23M) and GF(24F) are having problems
Need advice about my relationship (dealing with GF's past)
My[20F] new bf[23M] left me because of my past. Is this normal?
husband overeating
Need help with S/O' low sex drive
I (M23) have complicated my relationship with my friend (F22)
(24F 23M) Boyfriend misspells and makes incessant typos - how to make him stop / am I being petty
My Husband (39m) Trying to Bxllshxt Me.(35F)
I (15m) Want To Ask My Sister(23f) To Give Me or Finance Bit of Money For Me
Some relationships stay forever and your so blessed to have them...and some go and your so blessed they left.
My[20F]new BF [23M] just dumped me because of my past. Is this normal?
We don’t do sexy talk any more
I (F19) think I have been toxic to my boyfriend (M18)
I don’t feel like I’m really a part of my dad’s life anymore, am I being rational?
How to be more pragmatic in finding partner
My (21F) Roommate (21M) constantly takes their stress out on me.
How do I (M 28) manage to save my relationship with the memory of my dead father (M, 45) after finding out what kind of person he really was?
How do I push someone away without them noticing until it’s too late?
Found some things out about my dad and am trying to process how to love a bad person.
Emotional Abused by my husband and I don’t know what to do anymore. Me F (26) him M (29)
My [23f] anti porn bf [26m] has really disturbing porn on reddit.
GF (28F) pretended to cheat on me (32M).
Why do my parents care what I spend my money on?
Boyfriend (38M) thinks it's crazy to tell me (34F) anything about his therapy; I think it's crazy he wouldn't at least tell me the subject matter
Our married catholic family friend.
Committing to myself
I (19M) wanted this (18M) girl. Just couldn’t figure out her game. And I don’t know how to make a move. Kinda Long
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together for 4 years. and he is not willing to put an effort to talk to me during this pandemic
my (27f) boyfriend (28m) of a year can't say he loves me & it is affecting my mental health.
Very complex relationship
My [F27] boyfriend [M31] scared me when he was drunk last night
My ex put himself inside of me and I feel like I may be overreacting
Feeling like I was raped but possibly overreacting?
My ex Gf (20F) told me that she doesn’t have a current Bf and doesn’t want a relationship. However days later, I found out she was dating another guy
My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together for almost 4 years. And he is not willing to text or call me during this pandemic
I (24M) I'm unsure as to whether end my LTR (6 years) with my SO (28F), don't know what is stoping me.
Broke up with GF because she was pretending to cheat in order to manipulate me. Now she wants to get back together.
Am I being manipulated (f15 m18)
Finding ways to fill my (21M) time after being cheated on
I [20M] have been dating a girl [19f] for the past 6 months, and I’m afraid of an attachment imbalance
me 24M Just realized how important social media is ex 22F
Is the age gap too much? (F15 M18)
Just realized how important social media is
just realized how important social media is
My(23M) brother(16M) and my girlfriend(23F) fight constantly
Is the age gap too much? (F15 M18)
Wife (25f) doesn't love me anymore (m28)
He rudely stood me up still contacting me.
Me (19M) ended my friendship with my best friend (26M),but I miss talking to each other.
Thoughts on age gaps (f15 m18)
I (19F) have been in love with my best friend (19F) of years for almost our whole friendship. I'm starting to feel guilty.
How do you all deal with *hating* your partner
Is it ever too late to say something?
Dont know what to do anymore
Wife(25f) absent from relationship and maybe cheating? (M28)
I NEED HELP
How to nicely tell a girl not to moan so loudly
My (31F) friend (31F) constantly cheats and won't stop. Serial Cheaters: What made you finally stop cheating or end the relationship?
2 years since breakup, relapse!! (M23,f22)
2 years since breakup (M23, F22)... relapse
How do I get past these growing feelings of resentment for a friend?
My boyfriend pushed himself inside of me and wouldn’t get out when I asked
How do I get past feeling growing resentment for a friend?
Change my name or not
Help i had the most awful separation from my husband last summer - we have reconciled and I am to blame for a lot but he has completely humiliated me and I don't know how to move forward it eats away every day..
I (27M) feel stuck in my 8 year relationship with my GF (29F)
Complexities
Trying to Fight for a Broken Relationship ( Long Read)
I am a freak, don't know what to do
Got overly emotional and cried at my parent's house after an argument with my boyfriend. He was there when I broke down and now I don't know what to do.
Cheaters: What made you stop and commit or finally break up?
I (27M) Feel stuck in my relationship of 8 years with GF (29F)
How did you know your partner was the Love of Your Life?
My best friend is in an extremely controlling relationship and I don’t know how to help.
Marriage is not a one way street
Trying to fix a relationship (Long Read)
& Boom, my marriage is over. Done trying to save it.. Marriage isnt just a one way street.
Am I overthinking?
Bf 29m upset I 29f don't respond soon enough
My boyfriend refused to get out of me and continued with what he was doing
Methods of quelling or reducing jealousy
I [19F] want to break up with my boyfriend [19M] but he has a lot of problems in his life and I don't want to add to them.
My sister [17F] is extremely quiet and it annoys me [19F]
Tips for starting a relationship.
My [22M] Brother [25M] and sister [20F] got super pissed at my mum [58F] letting me go to "their" apartment (she pays for half of it) and also took it out on me
Methods of quelling or reducing jealousy
I (25M) can't stop listening to podcast hosted my a man who sounds exactly like my ex-boyfriend (27M)
I don’t know anymore
My (22F) boyfriend's (23M) ex blogs about him. How should I feel?
How do I (25F) communicate to my SO (30M) I am serious about taking our relationship to the next level and moving in together?
I’m not good enough
I’m not good enough
I’m not good enough
My dog [M5] doesn't look at me [M25] when he poops, does he trust me?
Why does my [23F] sister [20F] keep trying to sabotage my relationships?
Is my (30M) gf (40F) lying about her one night stand?
My girlfriend [20F] and I [20M] are going through a rough patch and I don't know how to proceed or what to do.
My (21F) boyfriend (28M) doesn't want me going to other people's home while in quarantine and has been aggressive about it
I (F30) am hung up on someone that I know is bad for me (M29) and I’m worried about him
Ex has new gf’s name tattooed
I(35M) will be watching my ex's(35M) son and he wants to visit with the girl he left me for
How to tell if you're moving too fast in a relationship? And what advice would you have to prevent things from burning out?
Looking for a girlfriend
Have you ever ended a relationship with someone you loved and cared about, but your lives went opposite directions and passion faded? [24M]
How do I stop being too helpful, available, and kind to ladies I am interested in romantically?
I'm (29F) so done with dating
Have you ever ended a relationship with someone you loved and cared about, but your lives went opposite directions and passion faded? [24M]
Boyfriend is open to Coronavirus being a conspiracy
I’m Starting To Resent My SO
Boyfriend is open to Coronavirus being a conspiracy
Am I (25F) doing an ok job being friends with my ex (27F)?
My Friend Is Falling For Me
I (23M) seem to still think about a highschool crush.
I’m Starting To Resent My SO
I (21F) am in love with my ex (21M) who is in a relationship
Is my girlfriend stalk my reddit account a reason to break up?
I’m Starting to Resent My SO
Am I (23F) being toxic or is my bf’s (21M) dad (47?M) enabling him?
Stupid argument and now we aren’t talking (23M 23F)
Hello
Friend of 5 years, i had fellings for her, after realizing she's not in to me, cut her off
Looking for some advice.
Friend Falling For Me
I’m Starting To Resent My SO
Why do I (23M) keep thinking about this old crush (23F)?
Advice help
New relationship with gamer boy (29M)... advice needed on how to spoil him (me: 26F)
I want my husband to be more dominant in bed but he says it’s not for him
I(m19) am concerned about my gf(f17) of 2 years is going to another friend's(f18) party and she's getting a lift with the ex(m19 refer to him as Jackass) of said friend which she knows I don't trust nor like
25F - Am I a bitch for losing attraction for a guy who shared a lot of info about his abusive ex on the first date?
I want husband to be more dominant, he says it’s not for him.
My husband (31 M) and I (29 F) had an argument over me ordering a $14 comb. I feel like this is a personal attack since I am not earning now. Please advise
I (m24) just broke up with my boyfriend (m25) of 4 years, how do I know if it was the right choice?
25F - Am I a bitch for losing attraction for a guy who shared a lot of info about his abusive ex on the first date?
Looking for some advice in this incident between my husband 31 M and I 29F
I (m24) just broke up with my boyfriend (m25), how do I know if this was the right choice?
My Sibling Moved Out Unexpectedly. What Can I Do?
Why did my husband do that?
Is he (25M) guilt tripping me (23F) to hangout with him ?
Should I [30F] reach out to my ex[29M] after a terrible breakup?
Today my husbands coworker referred to me as my husbands significant other.
I (30 F) am letting my insecurities about platonic same sex friend put strain on my relationship with my boyfriend (25 M). Need advice.
My ex (18F) is messaging me (19M) to try and "be friends" but is in a new relationship
Need help with sex and curiosity
I know I'm being unreasonable but I need someone to tell me to grow tf up. My (25F) husband (27M) said it was fate when he met his ex.
My (24 M) Ex (22 F) who now has a new BF is trying to "be friends" with me
Should I f(24) break up with him m(28)
Looking for sexy/fun/romantic games for me (F/27) and my boyfriend (M/27)!
Why do I (24M) always get dumped within 2-3 months?
My enmeshed mother acts like a lost puppy. How do I help her develop her own identity and get her own life?
Is it creepy for me [17M] to follow the girl I like [20F] to college?
I KNOW I'm being unreasonable, I just need telling. My (25F) husband (27M) just said that he knew fate existed when he met his ex.
My younger sister (21F) doesn't want a relationship with me (27F)
My enmeshed mother acts like a lost puppy. How can i help her develop her own personality and get her own life?
I need some ideas
WHY would he (M/28) want to be friends (F/27) if this is what he thinks? WTF?
I (30M) keep lying to my girlfriend (29F) and I don't know why
Worried about Friends
How do I [20F] go about telling my long term boyfriend [21M] of 2.5 years that I've been faking orgasms ever since we started having sex?
My (19F) parents and friends hate my boyfriend (18M)
WHY would he (M/28) want to be friends (F/27) if this is what he thinks? WTF?
I m21 got covid-dumped with out much explanation by f20 and she has my flat keys..
Is it okay if I (29M) just cut contact with everyone and focus on improving myself?
Why do I (24M) always get dumped within 2-3 months?
My girlfriend (25) thinks I’m (30) being rude and shady by not asking her to join for lunch with my guy friend.
Dating During Quarantine
I (22F) took a trip to see my sister (20F) and now our relationship is ruined because of it.
I (m21) got dumped without any clue by my ex (f20) she has my flat keys....
Was it wrong for me [28M] to start dating a girl [27F] when I may have to away in a few months?
My ex (21F) blocked me on Instagram after three month of breakup, and two moth of no contact, even though we were not following each other she blocked me,(23M) what does this mean?
My (M20) girlfriend (F20) of 2 years is selfish when it comes to doing things I enjoy
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) is in a serious relationship with me, yet he doesn't want to imagine a future with me.
Should I give my mood-swing BF (who was possibly emotionally abusive) who is now in therapy a second chance? I love him but scared it will go back to how it was.
My girlfriend (21) of two years snooped through my (22) social media and found recent short conversations with girls she didn’t know I was friends with. Now she’s considering breaking up so what do I do?
How do I [20F] go about telling my long term boyfriend [21M] that I've been faking orgasms ever since we started having sex?
Fucked up with my bf that I love, why would I do that😭 Help!
I (22F) took a trip to see my sister (20F) and our relationship is ruined now because of her behavior
My girlfriend (21) snooped in my (22) social media, and saw recent conversations with girls who are friends that she didn’t know about, now she’s considering breaking up.
trust issues after a breakup... seeping into non-romantic relationships of my life
I don't know how to refuse my friend
Me [29M] moving in with my girlfriend [25F] 4 months, Concerned About Lack of Communication
My ex blocked me on Instagram after three month of breakup, and two months of no contact, even though we were not following each other she blocked me, what does this mean?
trust issues after a breakup... seeping into non-romantic relationships of my life
SHOULD I (19F), ask him (21M), to be my boyfriend?
How Should I (24 F) Handle My Boyfriend's (29 M) Angry Outbursts?
How can some people be so mean to someone they care about without any remorse?
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) couldn't think about the possibility of a future with me, but yet is in a serious relationship with me. I'm so confused, please share insights!
The guys that i like sort of likes me too (???)
[M21] How do I break up with her?
I (25f) was abusive yet still feel mistreated by (28m) ex.
My (26/F) anxiety aftermath after big fight with bf (29/M)
How do you figure things out with your partner when they have lost their sex drive and yours is still relatively high?
Quarantine made me realize that my mom gaslights my entire family. How to I make an exit plan?
[M20] Advice?
[M20] Advice?
How can some people be so mean without any remorse?
Advice?
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) won't stop talking about the same subject. He's been going on about it for months and I'm not particularly interested in it. Also in a LDR right now.
How do I break up with her?
my friends and parents hate my boyfriend
Is leaving my partner of 4 years over video games the right call?
My (23 F) mom’s (56 F) OCD is making her abusive toward my younger sister (15 F)
I (20F) always feel relieved when someone breaks things off with me or vice versa. Is this normal?
24M question about sex and confusing short lived relationship with ex 22F
I (20F) always feel relieved when someone breaks things off with me or vice versa. Is this normal?
Update 4 years later-me (32) and my husband (32) did the long distance thing and worked out our issues
Do I (21M) need to tell my girlfriend (20F) about this? This is a really awkward situation.
I (25f) need help to correct my feelings about my ex relationship.
Partner with low sex drive/lack of interest in sex
24M question about ex gf 22F not wanting to have sex when we were together
question about ex gf not wanting to have sex when we were together
I think my boyfriend (17M) is too good for me (17M)
I’m not attracted to my bf(19) because he may be balding. Should I end it now?
I (26f) need help understanding my feelings about my ex relationship
I (M27) want to move on but she (F26) has no idea. Help!
I’m losing attraction to my boyfriend(19) because he may be balding. Should I end it?
My bf called me a “waitress”
Unsatisfied with sex in my relationship. Seeking advice. (23F)
I hurt my partner emotionally accidentally. What should I do?
I'm (30F) having very conflicted feelings about long term relationship
My crush suddenly lost feelings for me in midst of covid situation. Whether becoming friend and keep chasing will work.
Broke up from 6 years long relationship, 6 years ago. Spent 1-2 years after in hookups, something I had never done before. Today, I've (33M) been dating Anna (24F) for a year now. But the relationship feels sour. I feel tired. Thought of going back to hookups. What to do?
Sister [16 F] only ever consumes memes, Tik Tok and trash TV. Should I [22F] be worried?
Help!!
My [24F] boyfriend's [30M] of one year comments on porn are concerning me
I 21 (F) just realised I have 0 friends
My crush lost feeling in covid19 situation. Whether this will work out ever?
My (25f) boyfriend (25m) lives with his ex (23?f) and it is complicated.
I hurt my girlfriend emotionally
My (M33) GF (F30) of almost 2 years is taking out all her work frustrations on me, its taxing my mental health, and I just want to help. How do I support her better without it negatively effecting me?
I (25F) am going crazy being quarantined with my fiance (25M) and want to go stay with my parents instead
I (25F) am going crazy being quarantined with my fiance (25M)
Lunch date.
Me(19F) and my boyfriend(19M) has been arguing a lot because he thinks that we dont have enough "deep conversation" nowadays
After 3 dates, I shut down. Why?
My (M33) GF (F30) is taking out all her work frustrations on me, its taxing my mental health, and I just want to help. How do I support her better without it negatively effecting me?
How To Get Divorce During a Pandemic
(M23) I've just been told that the woman (F23) I have been dating since January has an eating disorder, and has a history abusing laxatives. I'm having a hard time coping with this and am not sure how to move forward. Any advice from those who have dealt with this before on either end?
Landlord sold house-boyfriend told roommate he’s going to his moms instead of with me
I'm not her idea of passionate
I (17F) start panicking over rifts in friendships and start going AWOL
Younger sister (14f) asked me (23f) for a piercing and I said no
After 3 dates, I shut down, why?
I'm (M23) scared of how things will turn out between me and my girlfriend (F23) after college.
Am I wrong?
A New Perspective on Yo-Yo Relationships
My friend has a boyfriend that is twice her age. I believe he has a kink for young girls and am somewhat concerned for my friend.
Am I [22/F] being rude by saying I never had a relationship with [21/M] who claims I used him sexually?
Am I Wrong?
(M23) I've just been told that the woman (F23) I have been dating since January has an eating disorder, and has a history abusing laxatives. I'm having a hard time coping with this and am not sure how to move forward. Any advice from those who have dealt with this before on either end?
my best friend (17M) says he likes me but I'm (17F) unsure if I feel the same way.
What does "do never speak to me again" mean?
Me(19F) and my boyfriend(19F) has been fighting a lot due to not having "deep conversations" through texting
Am I [22/F] being rude by telling him [21/M] we never had a relationship when he claimed I used him sexually?
I'm (M23) scared how things will turn out with my girlfriend (F23) after college?
My (28f) boyfriend (31m) brokeup with me seemingly out of the blue and I'm struggling to cope
I've just been told that the woman I have been dating since January has an eating disorder, and has a history abusing laxatives. I'm having a hard time coping with this and am not sure how to move forward. Any advice from those who have dealt with this before on either end?
i feel pressure when talking to new guys and i think it’s making me not want a relationship anymore.
Can someone help me with how to deal with my boyfriend?
I'm [27M] too good at picking up girls and I'm afraid that I'm avoiding commitment with the right women. Any advice from older men?
Im too good at picking up girls and I'm afraid that I'm avoiding commitment with the right women. Any advice from older men?
I didn’t go to my brother’s wedding 8 years ago. Relationship advice?
How can I (25f) address my boyfriend’s (25m) weight gain in a constructive way?
I didn’t go to my brother’s wedding 8 years ago. What relationship advice do you have moving forward?
How do I (39F) convince my boyfriend (25M) of four years not to abandon our baby?
Brother (22M) is upset after I let our younger brother (21M) move in with me (25M), after not letting him move in last year
We Are Like a Yo-Yo – A New Perspective on Relationships
Idk if I screwed this up?
Me [46 M] with my spouse [43 F], 15 years of infidelity for 6 years before marriage during the first 9 years of marriage, 22 year old relationship
We Are Like a Yo-Yo – A New Perspective on Relationships
I (F, 20) have PTSD from an ex – and feel guilty. Will things ever get better?
Am I (25f) being too weird at finding the balance between too supportive or not enough of my boyfriend (24m)?
infidelity before and during marriage, who knows what else
MIL hides food from me
(30m) Dating a woman (30f) Who is in a long distance relationship. We really click need advice.
My (26f) older sister (35f) insulted me and my husband (41m) because she thinks that we are sick because of the way we met (through an app about coparenting)
My (23m) gf (24f) cheated on me, should I give her closure?
Is it unreasonable of me [F27] to ask my boyfriend [M33] not to tell me when he's paranoid that I'm cheating?
I (F, 20) have PTSD from an ex – and feel guilty. How do I trust life gets better?
My (m20) gf (f20) got upset because i wanted her to delete a past sexual partner.
How to handle death of my (25F) ex's (45M) dad, 2 weeks after I ended our two year relationship?
Anyone here divorce and then remarry the same person?
How to handle death of my (25F) ex's (45M) dad, 2 weeks after I ended our two year relationship?
My [24M] girlfriend [22F] together for almost a year doesnt feel safe with me
Boyfriend (23M) forgot my birthday (23F)
Me [23m] with my sister [8f]. She somehow always gets mad at me when we play together. It's a bit exhausting and I'm really tired of it.
I (19F) Get Jealous Easily over My Boyfriend's (23M) Friendship with His Female Friends (Asking for Advice)
Me (18M) cheated on my (18F) when the relationship was toxic and need advice on what I should do
I [29M] agreed to be the best man at my friend's (30M) destination wedding in the Philippines but I regret doing so and want to make up an excuse not to go.
M30 falling in love with f31 but she is in long distance relationship.
How do I (27M) be more than just the “guy that’s incredibly sweet and kind”?
My bf (M23) told me he cheated on me (F23) two years ago
Is it weird that I (27) m love it when my girlfriend (20) dresses in revealing clothing.
My bf (M23) told me that he cheated on me (F23) 2 years ago
I feel like I’ll never do better than my ex
My bf (M23) just told me that he cheated on me (F23) 2 years ago
I (F,14) feel that I am behind my friends romantically.
I (F, 14) feel I am behind my friends, romantically
MIL hiding food from me.
(M 19) Dealing with demeaning parents
Help can’t let go of exes
What to do when your boyfriend changes?
My [24F] girlfriend [24NB] used our oven to make weed edibles while I was asleep last night, even though I'd repeatedly asked her not to and she agreed not to. I'm so let down and don't know how to confront her.
My (30M) best friend (31F) started to keep things secret from me. Should I ask about it?
Found out my friends (19-20F) went on a holiday together and hid it from me.
My boyfriend takes me for granted
Found out my friends (19-20F) went on a holiday together and hid it from me.
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) regrets bleaching her hair. How can I cheer her up?
My(19F) male friend(20M) is refusing to talk about what happened between us
Being taken for granted
thoughts that I harbour about relationships and have not told anyone.
My SO(18F) wants to break up with me(18M) due to long distance problems.
Help ?
I (29F) am so indecisive
How do I (M26) initiate sex more smoothly with my girlfriend (F25)?
But why are you sad?
How do I (M26) initiate sex more smoothly with my girlfriend (F25)?
Have you ever had sex with a close friend just for fun or because you were in the heat of the moment? How did it go?
My boyfriend rejected me for sex to watch porn. Sent me to get ice cream. Advice?
Masturbation in the relationship
I (29F) am always so indecisive.
My boyfriend (m17) is clingy and won’t listen to my wants(f17) is it a lost cause?
How Do I (F15) Tell Him (M17) That I Can't Handle A Long Distance Relationship?
how bad is it that my bf (26M) of a year downloaded dating apps immediately (like hours) after an uncertain break up? we're back together now and i just found out
I feel like my bf is a different person
How Do I (F15) Tell Him (M17) That I Don't Want To Do Long Distance?
I (28m) think my gf (22f) may be hiding an eating disorder
How Do I (F15) tell him (M17) that I don't want a long distance relationship.
My ex treated my differently than he other relationships
should I (29F) ghost my ex (27M)? he only took two weeks to start advertising
Saw an inappropriate text on my[30f] husbands [31m] apple watch.
My brother (17M) has become very calculating. I didn't notice this until I moved back home (20F)
should I ghost my ex? he only took two weeks to start advertising
Feel like my boyfriend isn’t respecting my boundaries during this pandemic
My ex treated all his other girlfriends differently than me
How do I help my boyfriend grieve
I (F,14) feel that I am behind my friends in dating.
How do I help my boyfriend grieve
I (25f) am worried our (29m) sex life is dying and it’s not going to change, how can I work on it?
How do you know when to call it a day?
My (23f) best friend (25m) who was supposed to be gay is sexually attracted to me and my husband (31m)
Break up- COVID-style *VENT*
Girl I'm seeing is developing feelings for ex and...how can we get through this?
Feel like I (21F) turn into a little kid when I’m around my BF (24M).
lonely relationship
I, a teenager, feel that I am behind others as I have not dated anyone yet.
Comdom slipped after ejaculation
GF (26) insulted me (25) so much after breaking up with her
How do I [26F] talk to my sister [29F] about my concerns?
I (14M) how can i stop overthinking?
(M26)Doubts about longevity of relationship with my GF(F24) of 1,5year
I feel like my gf is dismissive
How can I[21M] approach my gf[19F] about feeling guilty for going to sleep?
My (30M) girlfriend (31F) has told me she’d break up with me if I got a tattoo, but when we were separated she had sex with a guy with tattoos. Should I be this annoyed?
Girl I'm seeing is developing feelings for ex and...how can we get through this?
Can a long term relationship work when two people have starkly different politics/worldviews?
I (14M) how can i stop overthinking?
GF (26) insulted me (25) so much after breaking up with her
Can a long term relationship work when two people have starkly different politics/worldviews?
How to stop overthinking?
How do I [26] approach my sister [29F]with my concerns for her
I HAVE NO CLUE WHAT TO DO
How to stop overthinking?
Me [30ish M] with my Parents [60's M/F] duration, they want haircuts
I'm concerned about my sister [29F]
Mom (43) thinks I’m (17f) a bad daughter becasue I’m not close to her
I [20F] feel pressured by my mother [52F] and father [59M] to move out?
She asked me to be her boyfriend only for her to break up with me. But she still wanted to be friends & say “ I love you “?
(30m) dating(31f) who is in ldr with someone in a different continent. It’s starting to feel like a relationship.
Jealous of a Friend During Quarantine...
I'm concerned about my sister [28F]
My girlfriend (F21) and I (M21) don't see each other in 3 months due to the lockdown. I asked her, now that you can go visit your loved ones, if she can come over or I can come over, but the answer is always no..
My Brother (16M) is struggling with depression and anxiety and may have a learning disorder. Parents won't help and I (31F) don't know what to do.
My girlfriend (F21) don't want to come to my house after 3 months that we don't see each other, due to the lockdown, and I can't go to her house because her family have a problem with their grandmother.
I would like to hear stories about your jealousy issues or relationship issues because I want to know that I'm not alone ?
My husband follows tons of women on Instagram :(
How to get back in touch with an old friend [23F] that I [24F] ghosted?
Being Pressured to Move by My Parents
Mom feels bad and I think its my fault but I dont think im wrong. What should I do?
Me (22M) and my SO (25F) have differing views on marriage and now we have reached a crossroad
Overheard My Friend/Crush
I want to hear everyone's problems with jealousy, lurking on your s/o profile, and holding on to your s/o past because I am constantly struggling with these problems
I (30F) am not sure if being distant is healthy right now, or a toxic coping mechanism
My (23f) best friend (25m) who was supposed to be gay is sexually attracted to me and my husband (31m)
My (23f) best friend (25m) who was supposed to be gay is sexually attracted to me and my husband (31m)
I'm (30f) not certain if cutting myself off from previous friend groups is healthy or a trauma reaction
My Friend Might Have a Crush On Me
bf (m, 21) won’t let me f (f,20)him
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) always goes days without texting me without prior notice KNOWING it hurts me... what do I do?
Why am I always so annoyed at my boyfriend?
(f27)(m27) We both want to reconcile but taking it slowly now. The warm fuzzies are what he's looking for and not sure if that should be enough.
My brother's wife left him...
My brother's wife left him...
Two years before I(32M) broke up with my ex girlfriend (31F)after 12 years relationship. Now I have no connection with my past relationship, almost no memories, and she looks like a completely stranger. Can you relate?
How do I [25M] get from just seeing a cute Chinese girl around to getting her contact info and eventually setting up a date?
Is my partner manipulative?
I (F23) am disappointed about my boyfriend (M28) who doesn't pay enough attention
Tired of parents being a stereotype. (Rant)
I Want To Take Things Further With My Girlfriend
Am I (24) being too subjective and ruined my boyfriend's (26) trust?
How do I (F24) deal with my best friend (22F) becoming an emotional vampire?
Two years before I(32M) broke up with my ex girlfriend (31F)after 12 years relationship. Now I have no connection with my past relationship, almost no memories, and she looks like a completely stranger. Can you relate?
Should I (16F) change my friend group?
I (19F) have been in love with my best friend (19F) of years for almost our whole friendship. I'm starting to feel guilty.
My best friend is becoming a "toxic" person, I don't know how to deal with this.
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) has too much power over me
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) has too much power over me
Found nudes on bfs (35) phone
What's a relationship going to do for me (M22) if it's not going to last forever
Are you the one in your relationship who fucks up or the one who gets to day hurtful things because the other one fucks up?
What's a relationship going to do to me (M22) if it's not going to last forever?
When Blood No Longer Binds: Walking Away From a Toxic Parent
Should I send my not-quite-a-boyfriend boyfriend flowers for his birthday?
Should I [18M] listen to my mom on how I soend my money? Or are my plans okay for after I finish college?
When your moods depends on one person a little too much
I Want To Take Things Further With My Girlfriend
Was it even emotional abuse? I love him but should I give him a second chance or run?
We are taking a break , and He told me I have to make a decision should I end it or continue
How do you express that you're still hurt after an argument healthily?
My (20M) care for my best friend (22M) is not reciprocated. He favors girls in his life instead of me. I just wanna have genuine "brother" relationship. What to do?
I (17m) am clueless and need advice with my crush (17f)
I [22,F] am trying to work on my abandonment issues but I need help
Boyfriend’s friend uses slurs when we play games and it makes me uncomfortable
I need advice
I cheated when the relationship was on the point of ending and regret it (before you judge please read and try to understand)
Boyfriend’s friend sometimes use slurs and it make me uncomfortable
Gf has been doing small things to tick me off
I need advice
Gf has been doing small things to tick me off
Boyfriend’s friend’s sometimes use slurs and it make me uncomfortable
I do not feel that my (2OM) best friend (22M) cares about me.
I need advice
Me (20M) and my girlfriend (22F) broke up but I wonder the meaning of her message
Is her boobjob ruining our relationship?
I feel guilty about my past
I feel guilty about my past
Does anyone know how you can get rid of pride?
Should I (F18) get a ‘fake’ boyfriend ?
I need to rant this has been on my mind eating me away all night it's 6am and I still can't sleep
Me and my girlfriend broke up but I wonder the meaning of her message
After merriage sex is it worth the wait? we agreed to do anything but sex and save it after merriage
My [M 30] GF [F 32] of four years has been arguing with me non stop about committing and buying a house etc. but I am too scared to tell her I do not want to do it as I want to do my own thing (go to medical school and keep studying) which is selfish what should I do?
My (m15) mother (f35) gives me unreasonable amounts of work to do
The Missing Link In Every Relationship!
I am losing feelings for my boyfriend
My (m15) mother (f30) gives me unreasonable ammounts of work to do. HELP!
I(20F) don't want to have feelings for my bestfriend(21M)
My (24m) girlfriend (25f) wants to take things slower
My (24m) girlfriend (25f) wants to take things slower
How do I (21F) get over trust issues?
Found out GF(25) of 10 years has been cheating on me (M25), but feel like I’m not as sad as I should be
I(20F) don't want to fall in love with my bestfriend(21M).
How do I (21F) get over trust issues?
I can't handle the slightest bit of jealousy
My gf (18w) and I (19m) have some issues because of religious belief. What can I do?
I survived a toxic/abusive relationship
I survived a toxic abusive relationship
I can't handle the slightest bit of jealousy
I don't think I can get married...
Misunderstanding?
Is this a nice way of asking to just be friends?
Misunderstanding?
My s/o 18(non-binary) and me 17(female) are experiencing a lot of issues.. need adivce
Would it be rude of me to ask my friend/landlady if I could join her during sex with her husband?
So, I need stories of relationships that’s started badly but went on to survive
Found out GF (26) of 10 years is cheating on me (M26). Don’t really know how to process it. Emotionally.
AITA for telling my girlfriend i not over another girl?
Quarantine killed the relationship with my girlfriend. I need help and suggestions
Promise me, don't laugh at me, I am human！
Me (17M) and my girlfriend (17M) argue quite often.
Reunited with my teenage crush
I(M17) cant get over my Ex(17)
Me (17M) and my girlfriend (17M) argue quite often.
Reunited with teenager crush 8 yrs later
Old High School Teacher
Wrong number text ends up becoming a life changing event
I (21F) think I screwed up with my ex-best friend (21F) and I miss her
I (21M) don't know whether I should fight to keep relationship with very stressed girlfriend (20F)
Promise me, don't laugh at me. I'm just human.
My (19f) in-laws think my child is not my husband’s (20m)
I (30M) annoy everyone around me by talking about my problems but I don't know any other way to feel better.
Is it just me (F19) or does he (M21) seem disinterested?
I am a female and he is a male. A cousin of mine was very clingy back then but when I visited him after 1-2 years later, he started avoiding me...
Almost cheating my best friend with his girlfriend.
I (22F) CAN'T GET OVER MY BOYFRIEND'S (24M) mistake
My boyfriend doesn’t want kids
halitosis marriage
I met an incredible guy and my defensive/protective brain keeps going into overdrive the more I like him due to prior severe abandonment trauma. I'm aware of it, but it doesn't stop it. How can I ease these feelings right now?
Boyfriend (18M) of 1y6m broke up with me (17F) without any reason, he might be bipolar and I'm heartbroken to say the least
halitosis marriage
My boyfriend (28M) bought me (27F) a self-help book about trauma for my birthday when I'm already in therapy for my PTSD. Thoughtful or hurtful?
Many issues arising between my (29f) boyfriend (30m) and our roommate (55f). How can I communicate better with her so that it makes these next few months bearable?
Is it worth continuing, or is it gone?
Being quarantined with my (21m) FWB (20f) has changed things between us immensely. I think I realized that I love her, but I almost feel that telling her after so long would be unfair.
Can this be fixed or is it gone?
I am a female and he is a male. A cousin of mine was very clingy back then but when I visited him after 1-2 years later, he started avoiding me...
He says ily all the time
Boyfriend [19M] keeps comparing himself to my [21F] manipulative ex boyfriend
Why do men lose interest once they have you interested?
My (28/M) sister (20/F) is severely depressed and possibly suicidal, how can I help her?
Why do men lose interest once they have you interested?
My ex(26m) broke up with me(24f) a month ago due to commitment issues. He drunk called me and talked for hours, and now stalks my Instagram handle.
I (f18) need help with my ex (m20)
Getting over the past
Did she cheat on me?
I(20F) don't want to have feelings for my best friend(21M)
So I think my girlfriends sister likes me..
how i overcome the problem of loosing interest of my men from myself
I (19M) decided to reconnect with an old friend (20M), but it hasn't really gone as intended.
How can I [18F] deal with feelings of missing my boyfriend [19M]
Can/Should we go back to being friends?
I [20sM] feel bad my now ex friend with benefits [20sF] feelings are hurt because I like someone else [20sF]
How can I deal with feelings of missing my boyfriend
Can/Should we [21F and 19M] just go back to being friends?
Should/Can we just go back to being friends?
Relationship
In love with best friend
Am I crazy for asking about my boyfriends new “friend”?
In love with my(18/M) best friend(17/F). Should i tell her my feelings? Scared to lose her if we dated and brokeup.
My boyfriend has a new “friend” and kicked me out twice when i asked about her.
In love with my(18/M) best friend (17/F). Need help
need help with snapchat boy
need help with snapchat boy
My [M 25] GF [F 20] is kinda awkward and weird when shes high and lately shes always high.
I'm having girl problems
Is my boyfriend [20M] emotionally unavailable/immature ?
My boyfriend and (21M) I started hooking up while he's already in a relationship.
My bestfriend suggested that I should be friends w benefits with my partner
has your partner ever saved you life? this is mine
I am in a 1 and half years long distance relationship with my bf. We used to have fun together but now we end up fighting a lot. Is this normal?
I [M,25] want advice on getting ex [F, 24] back
My mother doesn't treat me like an adult and I don't know what to do
I [M, 25] want advice on getting ex [F, 24] back
Help with FaceTime date successfully not awkward?
Broken Marriage
My (f/34) boyfriend (m/47) has a cyber stalker. How to handle this?
(32m) Understanding relationships--what is expected from a pen-pal or contact on a romantic networking site?
Being guilted by family for not visiting elderly relative.
My(16m) girlfriend’s mom(45f) called my girlfriend(16f) a whore because she shaves above the knee when she shaves her legs
I'm being guilted by my family for not visiting my elderly Grandmother
Should your significant other tell you Happy birthday at midnight?
My (f/33) boyfriend (m/47) has a cyber stalker
Help with a FaceTime date to not fail? How do I make it not awkward?
FaceTime Date
FaceTime Date
FaceTime Date
weird brother/sister relationship?
Understanding relationships--what is expected from a pen-pal or contact on a romantic networking site?
What does this mean?
I (24F) am depressed and too afraid to leave my boyfriend (25M) and also all of my friendships (M & F, early 20s)
To tell or not to tell?
Broken Marriage
Me (M16) and my best friend (Non-binary16) used to be really close, but now it feels like we are way farther apart, and it’s probably my fault
I (20/f) don’t know where I stand with (24/m)
weird brother/sister relationship?
I (24F) am depressed and too afraid to leave my boyfriend (25M) and also all of my friendships
My dad cheated on my mom
I’m turning into the girlfriend (24F) that I never wanted to be..
Kiss was rejected on second date
My (24f) ex (26m) broke up with me due to commitment issues. He drunk calls me and stalks my social media now. Should I confront him on this?
I’m going to tell my crush I like her but I need advice
I (M/20) am not sure if I am in the friend zone with (19/F). If I am, how do I get out?
How do I get over someone?
weird brother/sister relationship?
I (21M) am so close to making it on YouTube, at the cost of my relationship with my parents (48F, 49M).
My relationships downfall is a two way street
Will she take a do over?
Too scared to date because I’m always scared that It won’t last and the guy is just going to break my heart everytime.
My husband (36M) scares me (38F). He got in my face for the last time.
Can’t tell if my roommate is flirting or just being friendly?
My boyfriend (28m) refuses to call me (24f), even when I beg him
The other half of this relationship is falling apart
Turning into the girlfriend I never wanted to be...
Rejected kiss on second date
why do i only find my boyfriend attractive
why do i only find my boyfriend attractive
I [19F] had sex with my boyfriend [19M] just to feel something
why do i only find my boyfriend attractive
22M. Too bored in the quarantine. Looking for a female to share sexual fantasies. DM if interested.
My sister (22F) assaulted me (20M) and is trying to make me homeless
Help please 🙂
Rejected kiss on the second date
My sister (22F) attacked me(20M) and is acting crazy and I don’t know what to do
why do i [20F] wish i could go back when i used to have a crush on my bf [22M] and didn't know much about him?
It's okay to not wish your mother a happy Mother's Day if they're abusive.
I(27F) ruined my relationship with my sister(35F) and I don't know what to do.
Being quarantined with my (21m) FWB (20f) of 3 years has changed things between us immensely. I think I’ve realized I love her, but almost feel it would be very unfair of me to tell the truth now.
I (18F) am conflicted about my relationship with my boyfriend (19M)
Unsure of What to do About Situationship
Can someone explain?
I (18F) am conflicted about my relationship with my boyfriend (19M)
My [29F] friend [31F] is having a hard time regarding her husband [30sM]. Our friendship is suffering and I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Being quarantined with my (21m) FWB of 3 years has changed things between us. I think I realized that I love her, but I almost feel like it wouldn’t be fair of me to tell her.
My bf (22M) of over a year just broke up with me (21F) and I feel so lost and confused
How to tell my boyfriend of a year and a half that he has never made me come
I [18F] don’t know how to ask my friend [18M] for some time together.. how do I ask without sounding desperate?
I don’t let myself think and I don’t know who I am :(
Healing
Boyfriend perfect apart from..
Giving her space?
Interested in this girl f(22) but don't know how to proceed m(22)
My best friend [23F] has never been in a relationship and, since COVID-19 quarantine, felt worse about the situation
I Committed Fraud in Graduate School (Please Learn From Me)
Boyfriend perfect apart from..
Asserting independence from an over-protective mom
I believe my boyfriend uses tactics to manipulate me in to loving him... is this a form of gaslighting? 31F / 37M together for 7 months
My (32/f) boyfriend (34/m/) wants to fight this guy at a get together!
Worried that my (26F) boyfriend (28M) isn’t over his ex girlfriend.
Did I cheat? Should I tell her? I feel terrible.
My husband (33m) never clean our appartment (27f)
Cheating ex attacks my character, says its not why she cheated. College kid.
Perfect boyfriend apart from one thing..
My boyfriend [23M] cheated on me [24F] two years ago and I just found out
Cheating ex attacks my character flaws. Doesn't say its why she cheated
Boyfriend 54 doesn't like me f44 spending money on him.
My [26f] boyfriend [34m] is into feederism.
My (27f) boyfriend (27m) emotionally shut down today.
It must be me... [34
Should I (30f) disclose a one time sext to my boyfriend (35m) even if it will cause more harm than good?
My husband (33m) never clean our appartment (27f)
My (29F) bf (30M) made an innocent comment. Did I overreact?
Me and my girlfriend(17) fucked up and how to break the secrecy of our relarionship to her parents
My (22\F) boyfriend (23/M) was terrible at the beginning of our relationship, it’s been years and he’s been perfect. Why can’t I move forward?
I’m (24F) anxious about my boyfriends (25M) current conversations with his “ex-fwb”
My [27f] boyfriend [27m] of 6 months emotionally shuts down and doesn't speak to me.
GENERAL THREAD: how to live with your partner successfully!
Is my [21F] friend into me [21M] or is she just teasing because she likes the attention?
How to accept rejection so I can move on
someone who knows social media
Should I (31f) confess my one time sext to my bf (36m)?
How to accept rejection so you can move on?
How do you live with your partner successfully?!
How to accept rejection and just move on?
I think FOMO ruined my relationship
My (29F) bf (30M) made an innocent comment and I don't know if I overreacted
I think FOMO is ruining my life. How do I fix it?
Am I crazy??
Farting in a relationship
I [20F] realized over quarantine that I was in a friend cult [21F][21F] and my boyfriend [21M] pressured me sexually. I regret everything. I don’t know what to do.
Farting = Bad ?
Indian Parents and Dating Drama
My Bf(21M) Of 1 Yr Has been arguing with me(20F) more lately, should I be worried?
My (29F) bf (30M) made an innocent comment and I don't know if I overreacted
I (24F) want to convince my Dad (M53) to move in with me and get away from his abusive partner
My boyfriend is great in other ways, but won't pay for my Uber. Am I expecting too much?
Girlfriend and I (19F, 18M) want to try dating in person again when covid allows for it but I'm now realizing that it could be more than a year in the future before that happens. Questioning the point of everything
Question for women who have been in a relationship with an abusive man
Am I crazy?
I [20F] have realized during quarantine that I don’t like my cultish friends [21F][21F] and my vulgar boyfriend [21M], and I regret everything and feel concerned about boundaries.
Back together with a formerly emotionally abusive BF. Will his "changed behavior" last or should I run?
Boyfriend thinks I should send him videos of myself or us doing it, I’m not comfortable with the idea.
f17 what do I do about him? (m26)
Question for women who have been in a relationship with an abusive man
Hey I (F23) wrote something for the man I love (M25), who is moving cities for work and does not want long distance relationship. Read below
How to help my friend?
I (27 f) am in love with someone (22 m) who ghosted me
I [27F] don't know what to say to my friend [30F] when she complains about her kids.
UPDATE Back together with a formerly emotionally abusive BF. Will his "changed behavior" last or should I run?
UPDATE Back together with a formerly emotionally abusive BF. Will his "changed behavior" last or should I run?
[18m] Seeking advice on how to talk to girls and find a girl friend
my mother is not for my relationship with my boyfriend.
I’m going crazy..
How to help my friend?
UPDATE Back together with a formerly emotionally abusive BF. Will his "changed behavior" last or should I run?
[18m] Seeking advice on how to talk to girls and find a girlfriend
How to help a friends living situation during covid
Back together with a formerly emotionally abusive BF. Will his "changed behavior" last or should I run?
Hey I (F23) wrote something for the man I love (M26), who is moving cities for work and doesn't want long distance. Read below
New GF, Big Favor
Ex reaches out after over a decade 🧐 can I ask for closure?
Boyfriend [19M] keeps insisting to go out with me [18F] in the middle of quarantine
What is it with friends not inviting me to hang out, but then complain about me never hanging out with them?
(f17) what do I do about him? (m26)
I just need to talk to someone about this...
Boyfriend[19M] keeps insisting he wants to go out or hang out with me[18F] in the middle of quarantine.
Hey, I wrote something for the man I love who is moving to another city for work and does not want a long distance relationship. Read below
Guy that I'm dating never compliments me
My old crush is showing interest after I get into a relationship? Why?
I (F23) need help to stop being overly jealous for my bf (M25)
Should I respond to my ex?
Is my friend (20 F) interested in me (21)? Or is she playing with me?
(f17) what do I do about him? (m26)
Best way to tell family I'm BI and when to?
Is this a red flag between me and my BF?
Advice on how I (f21) deal with being annoyed with my boyfriend (m28)
Best way to tell family I'm BI and when to?
Advice on how I deal with being annoyed my my boyfriend
Guy that I am dating doesn't really make me feel beautiful.
Matched with my ex on hinge, we were texting and I’m confused
How to go from Single & Mingle to like, anything remotely serious lol
Should I reconnect with my ex to apologize for how I treated him in our relationship?
Date confusion
my girlfriend and me have different sex drives
Should I reconnect with my ex to apologize?
My (20M) boyfriend and I (19F) broke up, he got with a rebound (20F) and then he broke up with her when he started talking to me again. Should I get back with him?
Date confusion
Could SSRI's Have Made Her (23F) No longer Love Me (24M)?
I have a crush on my fwb
Don't know what demeanor to have
My fairly new [3months] SO [32F] didn’t have sex in her previous relationship. I [35M] can’t help wondering what the story is, and it’s throwing me off.
I feel depressed when I talk whit my friend. What should I do?
I feel drepessed when I talk whit my friend and she doesnt know. What should I do?
My boyfriend and I broke up, he got with a rebound and then he broke up with her when he started talking to me again (help)
I can’t talk to people
Awww
I (25F) dont know how to talk to my happy go lucky fiance (25M) when I’m upset
My (21F) friend (24F) won't stop sleeping around. Then she comes back to me crying. I'm starting to get annoyed. How can I better tolerate her?
My (27m) GF (25f) says that she will dump me if I don’t commit to quitting watching porn.
I can not talk to people.
We are "coupling" and so are our pets
Lately when I talk to my [F20] boyfriend [M21] I feel like crying
My (27m) GF (25f) says that she will dump me if I don’t commit to quitting watching porn.
I (20f) don’t think my boyfriend (21m) can have kids
I go to bed every night wanting to go through his phone. Help
We have opposite families?
I can’t talk to people
Whenever I talk to my [F20] boyfriend [M20] I feel like crying
Feeling Lost. M22 F21
What does couples talk about ?
Day 2: I [M27] matched with someone [F26] on Bumble!
How to stay connected without talking on the phone?
My ex (32M) contacted me out of nowhere to say he was going to call the cops on me (25f)
My (21F) friend (25F) keeps sleeping around and then coming back to me when she catches feelings and gets hurt. I'm starting to get annoyed. How do I better deal with her pattern?
Day 2: I [M27] matched with someone [F26] on Bumble!
I Think I Made My Girlfriend Feel Uncomfortable
How do I deal with a family member that uses racial slurs?
Could SSRI's Have Made Her (22F) No Longer Feel Love For Me (23M)
We are "coupling" and so are our pets
My [23F] mom [55F] won't stop calling me an alcoholic
My (21F) mom (39F) has been annoying me lately
What do I do? 22m and 21f
I'm feeling confused in a relationship thats going really good
ConfuciusK - advice required please. Sorry it's quite long and I don't know the abbreviations for that.
My (21F) mom (39F) has been irritating me lately
I’ve (24F) been with my bf (26M) for months and I’ve never seen his room. Is that weird?
My (26m) wife (27f) told me she fantasizes about other men while we have sex and I don’t know how to feel.
My boyfriend said I make him feel weak?
My (25M) abusive older sister (29F) has wants to move back home during quarantine. I don’t know where else to turn. Please help.
I’ve (24F) been with my bf (26M) for months and have never seen his room. Is this weird??
Girlfriend (25F) is biting her nails down when I’m around her and I’m afraid it’s causing her a lot of pain.
Girlfriend (25F) is biting her nails down when I’m around her and I’m afraid it’s causing her a lot of pain.
Should I respond to my ex?
I (29F) just realized I'm quarantining with a significant other (27M) whom I don't see a future with. What should I do? We've been dating for 10 months.
I (17F) finally broke up with my boyfriend (19M).
I [15F] moved in with my step mum a month ago. My step brother [14M] sets standards so high that it's impossible for me to live up to them.
A liars kid is not our problem.
What would you do if you realized you were quarantined with a significant other whom you don't see a future with?
My friend (F22) mad at me (M23) for leading her on?
Girlfriend of 3 months briefly chatted with an ex a couple days ago.
My Friend (22F) mad at Me (23M) for leading her on? I feel guilty
How do I talk to my (25F) Mom (45F) about her health?
I have a habit of stashing/sneaking/hiding food from my fiancée ...should I stop?
Watching my bf smoke a cig and realizing I need to dump him.
I [32 M] feel like I'm more of a friend to my friend [29 M] than he is to me.
I (23F) was talking to someone for about 5 months, however, it didn't work out. Now I am dating his friend (23M). I found out after the fact we started talking, I didn’t know. Should I say something? Should I keep it to myself?
How do I (25F) talk to my Mom (45F) about her health and wellness?
Problems my wife (60F) and me (62M) have with a relative (50M) on her side of the family.
I miss my ex
Problems my wife (60F) and me (62M) have with a relative (50M) on her side of the family.
Girlfriend of 3 months briefly chatted with an ex a couple days ago.
I (F21) have a deal with my boyfriend (M27) that he could do whatever he wanted outside the relationship. We've been dating for a little more than a year and now I feel like I was ignorant the whole relationship.
I (F21) have a deal with my boyfriend (M27) that he could do whatever he wanted outside the relationship. We've been dating for a little more than a year and now I feel like I was ignorant the whole relationship.
Did my cheating ex love bomb the other woman?
I am starting to get serious with a girl i am seeing but i am also starting to feel insecure, what do i do?
I had a deal with my boyfriend that he could do what he wanted outside the relationship. Now I feel so ignorant.
A girl (19F) was interested in me but I (20M) had a hard time showing interest back and eventually she lost it. We are still friends but, is there anyway I can get her to be interested again?
I am starting to get serious with a girl i am seeing but i am also starting to feel insecure, what do i do?
Engagement ring or TV...what do I do??
Engagement ring or TV...30F/30M dilemma
Judging whether I (21F) should end things with my bf (20M). Be my jury?
So my girlfriend(18F) broke up with me(18M) we dated a year.
[Update] My (26f) girlfriend (24f) of a year wants to be a full-time artist
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) broke up with me to grieve the death of his mother alone
Husband (31M) continuing Jiu Jitsu duing quarantine and I'm uncomfortable... what now?
i broke up with my (18,ftm) boyfriend (18,cm) because he made too many offensive jokes. did i overreact?
[21M] My [18F] girlfriend wants a break because of quarantine
i broke up with my(18,ftm) boyfriend (18,cm) because he made alot of offensive jokes. did i overreact?
Girlfriend is friends with someone who took advantage of her
Feeling confused while in love?
GF is friends with person who took advantage of her
Annoying husband? Advice.
my ex-boyfriend (19, m) wants to get back together with me (21, f)
How can i (M21) get her (F22) back?
My friend (F/20) is dating a guy that I think is a complete idiot (M/23)
Should This FWB Relationship End/ is it Toxic?
My (24f) friend’s (34f) ex husband (35m) told her she can’t control her child.... and I kinda agree with him.
My [23F] dad [60sM] treats me like a small child and gets angry if I ask him to stop
I’m uncomfortable with my boyfriend masturbating
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) broke up with me so that he can grieve the death of his mother. What should I do?
[Update] My (26f) girlfriend (24f) of a year wants to be a full-time artist
I (24F?) want to hook up with a friend (28M) to figure out my gender and sexuality
A long-time online friend turned rejected connection (F19) got back in touch with me after 6 months (M21)
My (20f) mother (51f) has always been very.. Controlling around my, and my phone privacy. Am I overreacting?
I’m uncomfortable with my boyfriend masturbating
Serious relationship without exclusivity? (23M)
I’m uncomfortable with my boyfriend masturbating
My (30NB) partner (29M) refuses to accept responsibility for his own actions
I(23F) think my roommate(27M) is going back to old habits and he's not who I thought he was. I'm not sure if I can live with him
31f - Is it possible to be so turned off by a political/economic/cultural context that you rarely ever want to have sex with the opposite sex you are attracted to in this place, and you end up having sex/date to fill a need for sex/companionship even though you actually don't like anyone
I'm 25 (F) and I've never been in a relationship. I want one, but I can't picture myself in one.
My ex girlfriend is still deeply in love with me even after a year of being apart
My dad (35m) is the type of guy I’ve (15F) always been told to avoid.
31f - Is it possible to be so turned off by a political/economic/cultural context that you rarely ever want to have sex with the opposite sex you are attracted to in this place, and you end up having sex/date to fill a need for sex/companionship even though you actually don't like anyone
I don't think my husband likes me anymore.
I [F29] think my coworker [M30ish] is attractive and I’d like to get to know him more. Do I make a move? How do I make a move?
LDR Boyfriend and his priorities??
My(21F) ex-best friend(27M) emotionally manipulated me and tried to take my virginity
I (29f) am depressed and relationship with boyfriend (30m) is falling apart
My(21F) ex-best friend(27M) emotionally manipulated me and tried to take my virginity
Me (22F) dealing with my dad (51M) reaction about my brother's (19M) "coming out"
Can there be love without sexual attraction ?
I(24F) am afraid I’m a burden to my bf(24M)
My (43F) son (212months) wants to move out when the quarentine is over. How do I reason with him to stay at home?
My GF [F, 26] is having identity issues and I [M, 25] don't know what to do.
My gf (F23) like to play with my (M28) feelings. What to do ?
I (22M) am having trouble finding closure after 4 years of my first love
I (21 F) found out that my guy best friend (21 M) had feelings for me and a few weeks later he's dating a different girl
My gf (23) just deletes me (28) out of her life.
Coming out of an unhealthy long term relationship
I found out my guy best friend had feelings for me and a few weeks later he's dating a different girl
Confusing situation after 13 year relationship.
I [25M] think the girl I'm seeing [27F] is going through early menopause. What can I do for her?
Dating when you are a divorced father and is disabled
Am I just a bank for my girlfriend?
Need some advice please
Me[20 F/Asian] and my [20 F/Indian] girlfriend found out her parents would disown her if she dated/married outside her race but she’s gay also.
I [21F] had a conversation about my sex life with my “friend” [20F] while she has a boyfriend
They say love makes you grow
I(24F) worry that my mental health is a burden to my boyfriend(24M) and I feel insecure.
My father and my relationship
Realized I (21F) have feelings for one of my best friends (24M) while quarantining with my “situationship” partner (22M). Not sure what to do.
Is it time to break it off and move on?
I [25M] think the girl I'm seeing [27F] has started going through menopause. How can I be there for her during this time?
My ex [F23] is asking me [M25] to pay her back for the things she got for me during the relationship [3yrs] or is threatening to take legal action, what should I do?
How do I [25M] go from seeing a cute Chinese girl to getting her contact info and eventually setting up a date?
I found out a friend I trusted despised my company
How can I (34m) help my parents (84m/66f) recognize conspiracy theories and propaganda? Prior to COVID, it was a point of argument, but I accepted it as something that was harmless to their health and safety. Now I am genuinely concerned about their safety.
How to maturely recover from an argument?
My girlfriend’s Indian parents said they would disown her if she dated/married out of her race but she’s gay also.
My ex (F23) is asking me to pay her back for all the things she got for me (M25) during our relationship (3years) or is threatening to take legal action, what should I do?
What’s the best way to get over someone you were close to and no longer have contact with?
Parents interfering in my relationship
Organic and inorganic changes in a relationship
Me (16M) and my GF(16F) Have ran out of things to talk about.
[M27] how often do married couples fight?
Organic and inorganic changes in a relationship
What’s the quickest way to get over someone?
I [25M] want to quit drinking altogether but gf [27F] wants me to moderate it but not quit entirely
[M27] I remember my parents fighting all the time when I was a kid. How normal is that?
Organic and inorganic changes in a relationship
Me (16M) and my Girlfriend (16F) Have ran out of things to talk about
I [23f] want to dye my hair red but my boyfriend [28M] doesn’t want me to
Husband (30M) doesn't want more children. I (27F) do.
I found out a friend I trusted despised my company
How can I get over this?
My ex is asking me money for the things that she purchased for me during the relationship or is threatening to take legal action against me, what should I do?
Lost Cause
Do you think I’m being unfair to my daughters?
I know it’s a weird question but what do you think of guys that wear men thongs, G strings and jockstraps?
Me (33F) and my husband (35M) keep getting into fights because I don't want to spend as much time with my in laws as he does.
Childhood friends husband cheated and they're now getting separated. Should I disclose his attempts to hit on me? (all late 20s)
I [26m] took my [26f] ex back and Im not sure how I feel about the future
What would you do if a guy you dated doesn’t want to recommit because your finances aren’t the best “at the moment.” and is using that as a tactic to begin calling you his girlfriend again. But wants to stay in your life like he’s your boyfriend?
Girlfriends(17) friend(16) keeps making up stuff about me(17M) and our relationship
Having difficulty moving on from my(28F) best friend (28M).
I (25F) wanted to foster cats, my girlfriend (23F) got attached to the cat & made me look like an asshole.
[20,M] I know it’s weird but what do you think of guys that wear men thongs, G strings and jockstraps?
Girlfriend really doesnt like me playing video games
My bf (26M) didn’t stop when I (24F) told him to
I [23F] want to dye my hair red but my boyfriend[28M] said I can’t! What do I do?
Girlfriend really doesn't like me playing video games
Questions to couples over the age of 21 that have been separated due to quarentine...
Girlfriend really doesn't like me playing video games
Messed up in Love! NEED HELP
my (17) gf, and I(17) male have been are going through no contact. Is giving a gift a bad idea?
I know it’s a weird question but what do you think of guys that wear men thongs, G strings and jockstraps?
so is he right and is it pointless that i was annoyed at that situation?
Does anyone feel like not replying to your SO’s texts sometimes?
Does anyone feel like not replying to their SO sometimes?
First time
First time
First time
How do I [F20] stop being jealous of a man [20] I like?
Ex-BF-turned-friend (25M) trying to work on emotional intelligence/maturity. What are some resources I can give him to look into?
She made me look like an asshole to the cat rescue organization I was fostering for.
What would you do if a guy you dated doesn’t want to recommit because your finances aren’t the best “at the moment.” and is using that as a tactic to begin calling you his girlfriend again. But wants to stay in your life like he’s your boyfriend?
How do I [F20] stop being jealous of a man (20) I like?
Messed up in LOVE! Advice me😭
Ex-BF-turned-friend (25M) trying to work on emotional intelligence/maturity. What are some resources I can give him/tell him to look into?
Not sure weather to try to get someone back
Break ups
Broke up with my girlfriend and she said she wants to get back together in the future.
Couples that have been separated...
Recent Break Up
My ex girlfriend is still deeply in love with me after a year of breaking up
Unsure of my boyfriend.
I feel like my depressed GF’s life is in my hands. Please help
my (18f) "fwb" (18m) really distant after we had sex; should i try to talk to him, months later?
I feel like my depressed GF’s life is in my hands. Please help
M (20) having huge issues with having a committed relationship
How can I [25M] get from just seeing a cute Chinese girl to getting her contact info?
I (20m) had an ex 19F) reach out to me after I dipped on her without warning 6/7 months ago.
A rollercoaster
Not sure weather I should try to get someone back
My(26F) partner (28M) of nearly a year, has not been feeling sexy and we are less intimate now. I want to help him feel good about his body and communicate my needs. help! [queue]
Why did I miss out on this hookup? Went over to a girls dorm
Why did I miss out on this hookup? Went over to a girls house
Messed up in LOVE! Advice me😭
My (27F) best friend (26F) moved to a new country and works as a doctor
Am I (26f) being unreasonable for being upset my boyfriend (27m) decided to house sit for his best friend, on Mother's day weekend?
My best friend moved to a new country a works as a frontliner
Just need to talk
I (24 F) finally broke up with my (29 M) bf of 4 years. Extremely lonely and need some guidance during this difficult time.
I feel stupid for still wanting him
I [16M] told someone that will be going to a state school [17M] that I think Ivy League students are smarter, and he's angry. How do I show him I'm right?
My(26F) partner (28M) of nearly a year, has not been feeling sexy and we are less intimate now. I want to help him feel good about his body and communicate my needs. help!
Can a relationship between opposites really work?
Creative Differences Tearing Apart A Long Time Friendship
Am I [34F] just triggered or did my SO [34M] cross a line?
I told a guy im not interested in sleeping with him anymore
Feels like a girl (19F) is trying to make me (19M) jealous
A story of how my relationship is, and how i think our society is a bit cruel.
Can a relationship between opposites really work?
Friends moved out without me
Hate being shushed
i’m insecure about my lack of experience
Hate being shushed
Messed up in LOVE! Advice me😭
I [25F] am being too sensitive about my dad [57M] being upset with me.
I (F20) have been incredibly mean to my boyfriend (M20) and have no idea how to make it up to him?
Friend ignores me
His little secret 🥴🥴
Mutual Ending to a relationship
My (29 F) Boyfriend (31m) is secretive about his phone
Friend ignores me
How do I get my (F24) Crush (25M) to text me again?
How do I (21F) deal with family friend (26M) who is obsessed with my political views?
What can I [25M] do to successfully find a cute Chinese girlfriend?
Am I (22f) horrible for deleted my bfs (25m) photos of ex
Am I [25F] being overly sensitive about my dad [57M] being upset with me?
Tinder
My (23f) boyfriend (25m) want’s me to do boob job
he (25m) contacted me (f28) after 4 months, but why?
Am I wasting my time?
Support My(24f) boyfriend(25m)
he (m25) contacted me (f28) after 4 months of silence
Messes up in LOVE! ADVICE ME😭
Mutual Ending to a relationship
Am I horrible for deleting my (22f) boyfriends (24m) photos
How do I(43/F) stop this [self]-fulfilling prophecy: My need for reassurance is driving people away
Support My(24f) boyfriend(25m)
Friend got me a job at their place. Now they’re acting jealous because they feel I don’t have it as hard as they did when they first started, as well as us being on equal pay.
I ghosted someone about a year ago and I still feel really guilty about it today
My (M/36) girlfriend (F/24) hasn't been truthful about her interactions with her child's father (M/40+.) Is there any chance she can change or is this doomed?
23 F in a toxic relationship with 30 M
Conflict resolution differences?
I ( 20f) want to do something to cheer up my boyfriend (20m) but don’t know how to help him or what to do
I (F20) caught feelings for a friend (M20), unsure what to do
I ( 20f) want to do something to cheer up my boyfriend (20m) but don’t know how to help him or what to do
I fucked up and potentially ruined my relationship. What is wrong with me? What do i do?
How do I (22M) stop a budding resentment towards family?
How do I stop this [self]-fulfilling prophecy: My need for reassurance is driving people away (43/F)
I (20f) want to do something to cheer up my boyfriend (20 m) but don’t know what to do
Caught feelings for friend (M20), unsure what to do (F20)
What does people think of Doug Hutchison marriage to a 16 year old
Caught feelings for a friend, unsure what to do
Uncomfortable with boyfriend adding girls on social media
Feels like prisoner
I fucked up and potentially pushed my boyfriend away forever
My BF's father wants to end our relationship
Jealous gf
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) told me I’m draining and is pulling away from me. What do I do?
Could I (19f) end the conversation on him (19m)?
I (M21) lost my gf (F22) because of my controlling mother (F55). What can i do now?
Is Doug Hutchison a paedophile for marrying a 16 year old
Celebrating end of semester with my [F23] boyfriend [M24]
My Sister (27F) is giving me (23F) an ultimatum to either break up with my boyfriend (29M) or she will tell my parents about my nudes.
Are we past the point of no return? He’s not listening to my boundaries.
I need advice on a weird relationship dynamic I don't think is normal
MY BF (28M) WON'T STOP DRINKING (25F)
In a very far "talking stage" with someone who's long distance but I've found someone closer who I also think I prefer.
My (F23) boyfriend (M24) has told me I’m draining and that’s why he’s pulling away. What can I do?
Relationships and insecurities
I (21M) am having issues in my mind about my overly friendly girlfriend (20F)
Is this guy a paedophile
My bf (25m) called me a chub and I’m questioning if I’m too sensitive.
I (26F) accidentally was on Bumble Date when I thought I was on Bumble BFF and now my partner (27M) thinks I’m cheating.
My boyfriend is an alcoholic who refused to admit it and hides it from me. Help.
Why do I [F/21] get so uncontrollably mad at my boyfriend [M/30] if he lets me down?
Coworker [25f] telling people she's MY [22f] boyfriend's girlfriend.
My boyfriend (M17) wants us to back to our country but I want to stay in America before our kids become independent (17F)
While I was eating breakfast this morning my bf (25m) said to me (30f) how much are you going to eat chub. I responded, don’t call me chub.
Coworker [25f]keeps telling people she's dating MY Bf [22m]
Boyfriend “needs some time”
How do I get over a breakup during quarantine?
My girlfriend "came out"
My bf called me a chub
Parents interfering in relationships
I (31M) am tired of being "just a friend".
PLEASE HELP ME
I'm (32M) in a FWB with (28F) for about a month and I think I have some feelings
I (31M) am tired of being "just a friend".
M41 - Taking on too many roles in relationships and then feeling resentful
My (22F) boyfriend (30M) of three years made me quit sex work, but is now angry that I can't contribute financially.
My boyfriend's daughter (16) is going to be spending more time at our house. I'm not sure what kind of chores are appropriate, and how much is too much?
I'm [30 M] bored with my girlfriend [25 F] of 6 months, don't know how to handle it.
Is it worth trying for me (19F) to have a relationship with my mother (40F+) after she didn’t believe I was being sexually abused
My boyfriend keeps spending all his money!?
M41 - Taking on too many roles in relationships and then feeling resentful
21 m caught in a pickle need advice
Am I(32M) a jerk for not wanting my old college friend(33M) to crash my newfound social life?
Boyfriend (30M) is a virgin and won’t talk to me (33M) about why he’s feeling insecure
How to forget someone?
My girlfriend (20F) says that (20M) I’m a push-over and everyone always has power over me
I[23m] can’t see my gf[21f] because of the coronavirus
My boyfriend keeps spending all his money and making reckless decisions?
Need advice. my dog just died which may be clouding my Judgement.
Help Is this weird?
Am i overthinking about stuff
Has my partner given up on us ever moving in together as planned?
I might loose my son and he is the only reason why I exist.
He (26M) asked me if my friends knew he existed?
My [25F] mom thinks that my BF [25M] is not good enough for me - advice?
My soulmate
About a month ago my sister(17F) found me(15M) cutting. Now she us super possive and I'm worried.
Partner (M25) needs time/space to start thinking about the idea of marriage meanwhile I (F23) can’t stop thinking about it. Help
My (34m) ex-gf (33f) found someone else during no contact
My boyfriend (25M) just casually dropped that his parents (who I've never met) don't like me (26F).
Ladies and Gentlemen would you date this guy?
Nightmares after breakup
Am i overthinking about stuff
I (M25) come on too strong in online dating
Dad suddenly wants me to pay him back for college expenses. I agreed to what I think is fair, he disagrees. Emotionally manipulating me, using my sister to extract more $$ out of me.
My boyfriend’s female best friend sent him nudes.
I come on too strong in relationships and dating
Sex Tapes
One decision can affect the life of others drastically, what do I do,
I (28f) found my husband's (36m) porn stash
No-Contact Rule, she found someone else
I'm not sure if she's just using me to kill time
Has my partner given up on us moving together?
My [21M] girlfriend [28F] of 2 years stays up at night to match my late sleeping schedule, because she refuses to go to sleep unless I'm in bed with her.
My father (M/69) and I (F/31) just had a big fight and I'm not sure where to go from here
Is it ok to tell SO that you’re going through a phase of doubt
Is she interested or just wants someone to talk to?
How to help a friend that doesn't want to leave her toxic relationship? (basically just a rant and asking for advice)
My(26F) BF(26M) frequently texts his ex-girlfriend
My [25 m] with my girlfriend [25 f] Just now 5 month relationship. Jealousy of past lover
How can I resume to contact my friend?
Can’t stop thinking about marriage but want to give my partener time to catch up with me.
How can I [25M] stop feeling guilt over my boundaries and decisions?
Can't decide if should split from GF
My boyfriend’s female best friend sent him nudes.
How can I am resume to contact my friend?
Sex Tapes
I can't decide if I should end LTR
What can I [25M] do to successfully get a cute Chinese girlfriend in autumn?
Is it ok to tell your SO you are going through a phase of doubt
How can I resume to contact my friend?
Am I (27F) ridiculous for being upset my husband (29M) can be affectionate towards our dog, but not me?
My (21f) “friend” (21m) owes me money but we are no longer on good terms
I’m (22F) stuck between My BF (25M) and my dad. What should I do?
My[M25] close friend[F41] from work texted me saying they missed me and asked how I was doing but never replied to my response
My (21f) “friend” (21m) owes me money but we are no longer on speaking terms.
My ex gf (21F) wants to keep living with me (24M) after we broke up our 2 year long relationship... is it weird to live with an ex after the relationship ends?
My[M25] close friend[F41] from work texted me saying they missed me and asked how I was doing but never replied to my response
Do I (36F) stay in a loveless marriage?
Will my relationship end due to corona?
Getting over a breakup during quarantine
Do I (36F) stay in a loveless marriage?
Help Is this weird?
I (25) hate living with my boyfriend(22) and he owes me money
Our dog post divorce.
Sleep over with the boyfriend
Getting over ex during Quarantine
My Ex Hates Herself For Hurting Me
Getting over a break up during Quarantine
Our dog post divorce.
I (37F) hate my husband (34M) but I know he can't live without me.
My boyfriend doesn’t seem to like my body anymore
My Ex (21F) wants to live with me (24M) after we broke up
How do I (M26) talk to my SO (F27) about weight/eating healthy/ exercise.
I hate my husband but know he can't live without me
My (25f) boyfriend (26m) has become very close to a female coworker, am I just being paranoid or should I be worried?
I [21M] am obviously flirting with her [21F] she keeps talking and has a boyfriend
My (25f) boyfriend (26m) has become very close to a female coworker, am I just being paranoid or should I be worried?
I'm not sure if I want to be in this relationship
My partner wants me to have someone else’s body
Confused
Confused
I’m (26F) embarrassed that my friend (28M) didn’t actually care for me!
I (29) broke up with my gf (30) after she cheated on me years ago. Last year I decided to forgive her and got back together with her
My friend has selective amnesia..?
What kind of red flags should I (24F) look for specifically in an age gap relationship?
I [M/18] am having thoughts about getting attention from a ‘friend’ who lead me on [F/18] as well as my GF [F/18]
My bf [30M] and I [24NB] saved our relationship by me moving out!!!
I’m (19M) the angriest person my boyfriend knows (19M)
My (27f) boyfriend (28m) cheated on me. How do I move on?
I [M/18] am having thoughts about getting attention from another girl [F/18] instead of my GF [F/18]
Over reacting partner
My [24NB] and my bf [30M] saved our relationship by moving out!!!
I fell in love with my best friend and I don't know what to do (M, 22)
Am I just a servant / bank in our relationship?
I’m (26F) embarrassed that my friend (28M) didn’t actually care for me!
I (29) BROKE UP WITH MY GF (30) BECAUSE SHE CHEATED ON ME WITH SOME STRANGER YEARS AGO. WE MET AGAIN LAST YEAR AND I DECIDED TO FORGIVE HER AND GET BACK TOGETHER WITH HER.
Im not a cheater
My boyfriend (20M) and I (20F) had a fight and I thought we resolve our issues but I’m not so sure anymore
Neighbor (??) anonymously threatening to kill my (42F) outdoor cat
Can my [18 M] GF [17 F] get pregnant from this?
Im not a cheater
Im [35 M] with my wife [31F] married 5 years together 8,we have two daughters, I was just diagnosed with terminal cancer, how can I prepare my financial situation
What do men really want to hear?
I'm not sure if I want to be in this relationship
My girlfriend gets annoyed at me because I bring up that she never initiates sex
[22F] I like the idea of dating and romance, but I'm just not attracted to anyone irl.
Help me realize my issues. I F25 ruined relationship with M24.
28M harshly broke up with 24F now exfiance of 4 years to get her the help she needs.
My mom is very mean
Help me relize where my issues come from. I [F25] ruined my potential relationship with M24
28M harshly broke up to help 24F now exfiance get the help she needs.
(22F) I like the idea of dating and romance, but not the real thing.
I need advice about my brother [29/m]. Worried he'll keep self-sabotaging his relationships...is he being macho or does he not really care?
Could my [18 M] GF [17 F] get pregnant from this?
Embarrassed my friend didn’t actually care for me!
I like the idea of dating but I find it hard to be attracted to anyone in real life.
Highschool couples, this ones for you!
Highschool couples, this ones for you!
Help - need to get over someone I barely dated (FF)
Is this financial abuse? How concerned should I (38f) be about his (45m) behavior?
My [25F] friends are planning a birthday party for a friend and not for me even though mine is 4 days later. How do I bring this up without seeming selfish?
What can I [25M] do to find a cute Chinese girlfriend in the fall / winter?
Everyone's working at home and now I'm doing a double-shift.
What does "first" feels like?
Could my girlfriend get pregnant through this?
Breakup in Quarantine, No Contact + Starting Over (18M, 19F)
A relationship from a long time ago (27m)
A relationship from a long time ago (27m)
Highschool couples, this ones for you!
I need advice about my brother [29/m]. Worried he'll keep self-sabotaging his relationships...is he being macho or does he not really care?
Highschool couples, this ones for you!
Born to be the other woman¿
[24M] Looking for advice in dating women
AITA for being upset at how easily my boyfriend can lie?
What can I [25M] do to find a cute Chinese girlfriend in the fall / winter?
AITA for being upset at how easily my boyfriend can lie?
26F and 28M, 5 year relationship. Partner lost their last grandparent today. The grandparent (and family) specifically disapproved of our relationship. Is there anything I should/can do for them?
[24M] Looking for advice in dating women
I am upset with my gf and can’t tell if I should ask for a short break
Is this who he is?
Long-term partner lost his last grandparent today. The grandparent (and family) specifically disapproved of our relationship. Is there anything I should/can do for them?
His sexual advances hurt. (F28) (M44) (R 5 YEARS)
Social media trouble in relationship
24M would it have worked or was it bound to fail? with 22F
NEED ADVICE PLEASE ASAP!!
24M would it have worked or was it bound to fail? with 22F
My (20f) boyfriend (23m) has been acting hostile towards me
My SO (M40) wants me to move back to an apartment I’m (F29) supposed to move out of officially on the 10th.
My (16M) friend (16F?) just came out to me as gender fluid and I don't know what to do
How can I (32F) explain my mild TMI symptoms and processing disorder to my workplace?
The Secret of the law of attraction
My SO (M40) wants me to move back to an apartment I’m (F29) supposed to move out of officially on the 10th.
24M would it have worked, or was it bound to fall? with 22F
My [30M] live-in girlfriend [31F] of two years has a tendency to hoard. I can not continue to live like this. What is the best way to end the relationship during quarantine?
Am I being too jealous?
Not sure what to do
My bf freestyle raps about “bad lyrics” that he says aren’t true. Am I (29 F) being too sensitive in my relationship?
Boyfriend's lack of drive is giving me second thoughts.
22F in a "no title" relationship with 20M for a year.
I'm (25f) in love with my fiancé (26m) but am sexually attracted to women
First time dating a divorced mother, what are the things they don't tell you!?
My (19f) family find my fashion style uncomfortable and too 'girly'
Ex (24F) died in a sudden car crash recently now I (25M) am unsure if I should reach out to my other ex.
Have I(19M) cheated on a girl(20F) I've been seeing?
Did I (19M) cheat on a girl(20F) that I'm seeing?
Help with my relationship, I’m [M29] and she’s [F30] 4 years
Did I (22F) just fall in love with my roommate (20M)?
Caught my partner sending nudes
Long Distance Possible?
My (20f) boyfriend (23m) has been acting like a ignorant man child
Help me choose between to guys M46 and M41
Oof I'm toxic... overcoming my (24F) resentment towards my BF (24M)
I [32 M] broke up with my [32 F] GF & moved out but still paying rent there..
Oof I'm toxic... overcoming my (24F) resentment towards my BF (24M)
Ex and I broke up end of March, he hasn't seen his kids in 3 weeks and now he wants to see them. He just told me he is seeing his ex who he has a 7 year old with, they were together for 3 months. He never met his other son until now and is now saying he wants my sons to meet his eldest son?
Ex and I broke up end of March, he hasn't seen his kids in 3 weeks and now he wants to see them. He just told me he is seeing his ex who he has a 7 year old with, they were together for 3 months. He never met his other son until now and is now saying he wants my sons to meet his eldest son?
Me 30sM with my ex 30sF, together on and off for almost a decade, finally split up - started to be mates - and now I'm not sure.
Ex and I broke up end of March, he hasn't seen his kids in 3 weeks and now he wants to see them. He just told me he is seeing his exwho he has a 7 year old with, they were together for 3 months. He never met his other son until now and is now saying he wants my sons to meet his eldest son?
Ex and I broke up end of March, he hasn't seem his kids in 3 weeks and now he wants to see them. He just told me he is seeing his wx who he has a 7 year okd with, they were together for 3 months. He never met his other son until now and is now saying he wants my sons to meet his eldest son?
My (32m) girlfriend (33f) snuck out early morning and left me a "Dear John" text. What do I do??
My (F22) MIL (F49) thinks it's Okay to make racist comments about my Greek heritage
My (F22) MIL (F49) thinks it's Okay to make racist comments about my Greek heritage
Help me choose between two men please!
My (29f) husband (30m) of 3 years is angry about our pets & blames me
Is this my business or am I right in being uncomfortable with this and bringing this up with my husband? (Possible co-dependency between my BIL and MIL)
I am falling in love in my ex again...
Anyone ever successfully sabotage a relationship?
I can't make any real friends because people I see as friends treat me kindly but noone wants to get any closer
UPDATE: “Am I just a sexual object to my boyfriend?” *success*
My [25M] girlfriend [24F] accidentally ruins our things and I'm not sure what to do
My (29f) husband (30m) of 3 years is terrible with animals and keeps getting angry with me over it
(M30) Serial amazing flings, I only want a more lasting relationship.
Helping my [25F] boyfriend [27M] get over performance anxiety?
UPDATE: “Am I just a sexual object to my boyfriend?” *success*
My (23F) boyfriend (21M) doesn't enjoy my company when there are other people
I (f/21) dated an older man (m/52) for a year and we had a 31 year age gap AMA.
Love isn't forgiving. What could I (M29) have done different to save the relationship.
I, (F, 26) is unsure about my bf, (M, 26) of 9 months
My [31M] girlfriend [39F] wants to spend too much time with me, am I being unreasonable? Are we moving too fast?
Does my [31M] girlfriend [39F] want to spend too much time with me? Are we moving too fast?
How to propose a girl?
How do you rebuild trust after being lied to in a relationship?
I (20M) think I've fallen in love with my best friend (18A) who is a lesbian, and I don't know what to do.
How do I (19, M) tell my parents I don’t want to be Mormon and go on a mission?
Boyfriend [26M] told me [21F] that I should not have any male friends?
My (23M) boyfriend (24M) is becoming increasingly mean to me I’m not sure if I’m the problem..
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) made a comment and I don’t know if I’m over reacting
My (29F) husband (30M) pushed me tonight. Should I try to work it out or not?
18F How to deal with inexperience causing premature ejaculation?
It’s been almost a year and I’m still not over my ex
I (20M) think I've fallen in love with my best friend (18A) who is a lesbian, and I'm not sure how to deal.
My boyfriend [21] flaked on me the day my birthday, I spend time with my friends ( Angie [17] Espe [18] Toni [18] ) ). He was mad about it cause he text me saying let’s eat right now was heading to my friends.
It’s been almost a year and I’m still not over my ex
Should I date this girl?
(Crossposted) Ex bf moved out but is on lease still and keeps coming back to my apartment in middle of the night while I’m asleep
My[M19] ex grilfriend[F19] is blackmailing me.
I [22F] feel skeptical about my girlfriend’s [24F] mental health. Am I being too mean?
My[M19] ex girlfriend[F19] is blackmailing me.
My boyfriend flaked on me the day my birthday, so I spend time with my friends ( espe, Angie, tony,and my little sister ). He was mad about it cause he text me saying let’s go eat right now was heading to my friends
I'm being blackmailed by my ex grilfriend.
My dad is forcing a relationship between me and my grandmother (his mom)
My teacher (48F) try to help me (28F) to secure a job position, am I cheating ?
My dad is forcing a relationship between me and my grandmother (his mother)
Am I (F 30) too clingy to my husband (26)?
My teacher (48F) try to help me (28F) to secure a job position, am I cheating ?
I secretly upvote all of my boyfriend’s reddit comments and posts.
my marriage is restored
I start to feel something fishy about my stepdad.
(29M)(29F) My boyfriends ex was apparently a freak in bed and I feel insecure.
My boyfriend and I have been together since we were 19 and our relationship is at a crossroads
My (M19) ex-girlfriend (F18) of three years found out about my infidelity
My [19F] boyfriend [20M] doesn’t understand my emotions
I [49F] never gave my son [20M] any privacy on the computer/internet when he was growing up, and now he's completely cut off all contact with me.
I’m (F21) talking to this wonderful guy (M24) I met here on reddit but I have a boyfriend (M21). Help
i (16m) am a trans person in an abusive situation with my parents (47f, 50m) that i dont know how to get out of
Bored in the house ☆ Bored
Me [45 M] with my wife [38F] 7 years. Need a hobby?
Should I (28f) bring this up to my boyfriend (33m) or just let it go?
How can I [25F] best handle questions from people about why I choose to have only one child?
i (16m) have abusive transphobic/homophobic parents (47f, 50m) that i dont know how to get away from
My (19) ex-girlfriend (18) found out about my infidelity
I (21, M) offended my GF (22, F) by questioning the integrity of her mother's business
I [F18] always say sorry to my partner [M17] and i dont know how to stop it
My boyfriend shaved his head and I’m finding it a major turn off, what do I do?
My (27F) sister (26F) is getting married: how can we refocus relatives asking "when is your turn?" about me and my boyfriend (27M)?
Met a witch on tinder in the woods?
SO fantasizing about someone else during sex? End it?
My (27F) sister (26F) is getting married: how to refocus relatives asking "when is it your turn?" about me and my boyfriend (27M)?
Advice on what’s occurring with my ex
Messaging before meeting
GF (23) left some drooly heart emojis on some hunky minor celeb's IG. Am I (25) wrong to be bothered by it?
My girlfriend (21f) and I (22m) have been communicating worse and worse since the quarantine
How am I supposed to have a relationship
Husband admitted to buying prostitutes
Help!
Girlfriend had sex with ex husband
Do I (20F) have to invite my boyfriend's family to my graduation?
Do I (20f) have to invite my boyfriend's family to my graduation?
She (19F) says that I (23M) mistook her words and actions for flirting and that she never expressed romantic interest in me, Is she right or is she playing with my emotions? Why is she like this?
GF (23) left some drooly heart emojis on some hunky minor celeb’s Instagram. Am I (25) wrong to be bothered by it?
what’s up i’m 15
How can you tell if this is The One?!
My [20F] best friend’s [19M] ex girlfriend [22F] and daughter passed away, am I taking advantage of him?
My (19F) boyfriend's (20M) reactions when I get sad is ruining our relationship
[27m] I am a cheater and I lied about it, despite proof. Here is me one year later.
She (19F) says I (23M) mistook her actions for flirting and that she never expressed romantic interest in me I think what she said was unambiguous and clearly flirting. Is she right or did she lead me on? Does anyone have any idea why she’s like this?
I 28F didn't let my boyfriends friend use our good china because of his Sexual Habits. Am I in the wrong?
how to know if he likes you
I’m (25M) having conflicting feelings about my girlfriend (25F) when do you know it’s time to break up?
I (19F) love my boyfriend (26M) but I'm tempted to cheat...
I dumped my boyfriend
[27m] I cheated then lied about it. Here is me one year later.
Female [31/F] ended 1 year relationship with boyfriend [31 M/]. Stupid excuse or was she telling the truth?
I(28F) Didn't Let My Boyfriend(30M)'s Best Friend Eat Off Our Good China. Was I in the wrong?
Only fans
I’ve dumped my boyfriend.
Still view my stories even though not talking
My[35F] boyfriend[39M] put on an "I love strippers" shirt the first weekend that my daughter[12F] spent with us
Is it possible to love again after leaving someone who felt like a "soulmate" but was also toxic? [31F]
"Woke" Boyfriend's Fatphobia
I [20F] Miss My "Ex" [27M] But Still Love My Boyfriend [20M]
Still views my stories after no talking
"Woke" Boyfriend's Fatphobia
F/25 just lost someone very close to me
"Woke" Boyfriend's Fatphobia
I (24F) go cheated on in a situationship guy (27M) and don’t know if we should start again.
I (23F) rejected my lesbian friend (28F) and she’s accusing me of leading her on
I cant stop feeling guilty
Am I(32M) a jerk for not wanting my formerly super close friend(33M) from college to become part of my current group of friends?
Is my boyfriends male friend flirting with him?
Need advice on mentality of my (m21) gf (F21) hooking up with someone (m21) right before we started dating
I (21) had an intense relationship with a guy (25) for five months and it ended badly, I feel so hopeless, how do I get through these first few weeks?
I (21) had an intense relationship with a guy (25) for five months and it ended badly, I feel so hopeless, how do I get through these first few weeks?
My friend (F41 seeing a therapist) likes a guy (M27) and I encouraged her to flirt with him while another friend thinks I'm crazy.
Intense relationship ended badly, I feel so hopeless, how do I get through these first few weeks?
My boyfriend called me "damaged?"
My boyfriend called me "damaged?"
am i an asshole for breaking up with my boyfriend because he(cis,white) constantly put down my (ftm,black) identities?
First Impressions
fml
My (15 soon 16M) relationship with (15F) friend
One of my (28m) former close friend (24f) ghosted me after a strange behavior
18 [F] won’t come and see me?
My (22F) boyfriend's (23F) cousin (16M) has a crush on me and it's making me uncomfortable.
Husband asking me feel worthless
started talking to me ex again
She won’t come and see me
Is it likely that I could fall back in love or am I wasting my time?
My (32f) father (61m) does not keep in touch and I wonder how much effort I should put in our relationship.
My boyfriends snapchat score
Boyfriend’s Toxic Best Friend Says Our Relationship Gives Him Mental Illness
Ending a 4 year friendship-with no explanation
My Boyfriends Snapchat Score
Is it just me?
How do you handle being roasted?
My[35F] boyfriend[39M] put on an "I love strippers" shirt the first weekend that my daughter[12F] spent with us
What’s the most toxic thing you’ve said in a relationship?
My GF [27F] and I [31F] broke up when i caught her cheating with her ex[28M]. How can I overcome shock and severe anxiety attacks due to this traumatic event?
Feeling like I [21M] want to break up with my girlfriend [21F] over long-term incompatibility issues.
Ending a 4 year friendship
I[28M] slept with my friends girlfriend [30F] and I don't know what to do.
I'm In Love With My Dad's Best Friend's Daughter
[Non Romantic] Should I [Male] hold something against my 12 year old sister that I have already forgotten ?
I don't know what I am doing wrong
I could use some help (
How To Navigate My(M21) Ex-Girlfriends(F21) Mutual Friends Dissolving Our Relationship?
I[28M] slept with my friend's girlfriend [30F] and i don't know what to do.
I (18F) Need Help Moving On
How can i overcome shock, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts?
How do you handle being roasted?
I (18F) need help moving forward.
How can i overcome shock, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts?
Relationship advise
Never thought my(M29) relationship was so fragile. All it took was one mistake.
Shit do be lonely in quarantine
My partner (23nb) and I (21ftm) don't know how to talk to our other partner
Me [33F] with my BF [30M] 9 months, how to plan for next steps in relationship when the world is a mess?
Whats the point of a relationship anymore
Have you ever lost sight of who you are when dating someone?
Anyone to meet
My SO (M34) of 1 year, called the cops on me (F27) over spilled milk.
I don’t know how I messed this up so bad
Have you ever lost yourself in a relationship?
How do I [21M] make my GF [18F] feel wanted?
Have you ever just completely lost yourself?
Partner of 7 years (M45) dumped me (F36) a month ago, now his mom's in the hospital, should I reach out?
Should I evict my tenant, who also happens to be my brother, sooner?
My (21m) fiancé, his (21m) brothers and myself (19f)
Should I evict my tenant, who also happens to be my older brother?
My SO [M34] of a 1yr called the cops on me [F27] over spilled milk. Long Post.
My girlfriend[19/F] kept a big secret from me[18/M] for months
Am I delusional? Is this guy a narcissist? Do I cut this off?
How do you know when it is time to break up?
My Broken story
im 15m my crush is 15f plz i rlly need help
I (21m) and my partner (23nb) don't know how to talk to our other partner (24nb)
Please HELP! My Gamer Boyfriend is VICIOUS!!
I [23F] want to cheat on my partner [26m]
My crush is 15f im 15m i rlly need help
Sexual Harassment of my fiance at work
my crush is 15f im 15m
Please HELP! Gamer Boyfriend is VICIOUS
im 15m and my crush is 15f i havent even talked to her in like two yrs she is only in one of my classes idk what i should do? Should i talk to her? plz i rlly need help
My (21m) fiancé, his (21m) brother and myself (19f)
i havent even talked to her in like two yrs she is only in one of my classes idk what i should do? plz i rlly need help
Hi
(15m) my crush is 15f ive liked her for 4 yrs
I (43M) just ended a 10 year relationship with a controlling (38F) partner. The catalyst was feeling violated when my now ex had non consensual sex with me while I was on medication to help me sleep.
I (26M) can’t talk about smoking weed with my wife (26F). I’ve been able to go to her about anything and everything before this. I don’t know what to do
Should I (23m) message a girl (21f) I've never spoken to before and tell her I like her
My [21M] girlfriend [23F] of a little over a year accused me of being a pedophile, and I’ve never been more appalled in my life
My GF (25F) was flirting and sent intimate pictures to another man and forgot to tell me (26M) not sure how to continue forward.
What do you think about a Park Photography Date?
STOP putting cilantro in my goddamn eggs. I KNOW.
im 15m and my crush is 15f ive liked her for 4 yrs but i havent even talked to her in like two yrs she is only in one of my classes idk what i should do? Should i talk to her?
Not asking for much
Trust Issues/Insecurity
im 15m and my crush is 15f ive liked her for 4 yrs but i havent even talked to her in like two yrs she is only in one of my classes. what i should do?
Can he change his lifestyle for love?
My (23F) boyfriend (22M) of six months said that he doesn’t think he will fall in love with me.
im 15m and my crush is 15f ive liked her for 4 yrs but i havent even talked to her in like two yrs she is only in one of my classes idk what i should do?
How can I [21F] stop all of this hatred for married [46M] before I ruin my life ?
I [20NB] think I want to break up with my boyfriend [19M]
Should I (23, M) message a girl (21) I've never spoken to before?
My best friend has feelings for me - how can I support him?
My bf (M 21) said he touch my best friend’s tit (F 19) by accident??
My (17F) boyfriend's (17M) parents banned him from dating me
Should I message a girl I've never spoken to before
Love Languages? What are the examples of it that may be in our daily lives?
Should I [F/24] tell my ex [M/28] that I'm dating his coworker [M/24]?
Did I get cheated on?
Am I being strung along ? LDR
My (21m) boyfriend and me (19f) in law problems
Mental Health seriously affecting relationship
My (25F) boyfriend (26M) acts like a vampire. Anyone familiar with this?
Am I (35M) sabotaging my relationship with my gf (27F) for no reason?
[M18] + [M19] Relationship and I need advice [Relationship started Feb 14 2020]
My (23f) boyfriend (22m) slut shamed me after I told him my body count
My gf (F20) got upset because i (M20) wanted her to delete one of her past sexual partners on social media.
I (28F)] don't really want to get married, and part of it is that I and my partner (26M) don't have many friends or family, and I feel a bit embarrassed by it. People are asking what we are up to and I don't have any answers.
I (29f) wanted to cosplay and I've been working on it, my SO (32m) suddenly says I like the character too much it's weird.
I (30F) feel like my bf (33M) is trying to control me. Am I right?
I (28F) don't really want to get married, and part of it is that I and my partner (26M) don't have many friends or family, and I feel a bit embarrassed by it.
Am I (35M) being toxic to her(27F)? Is this my fault entirely?
Today i turned 18 and my father (who is in prison) revealed i have a brother who is 27 years old.
UPDATE: My [23F] boyfriend [25M] chose to help his mom move instead of me. Now he's upset with me because I'm upset about it.
Relationship future?
Did I get cheated on?
Me [22F] feeling insecure about my boyfriend's [23M] ex [20-somethingF]
M + M realtionship
How can I (M30s) talk to my wife (F30s) about my concerns about her weight?
Break Up because of erectile dysfunction?
Today i turned 18 and my father (who is in prison) revealed i have a brother who is 27 years old.
My (25f) boyfriend (30m) has been joking that everything I say is annoying and won’t listen when I say it hurts.
I wanted to cosplay and I've been working on it, my SO suddenly says I like the character too much it's weird.
My GF (F20) had a problem with me (M20) wanting her to delete a guy she hooked up with in high school after he messeged her on snapchat.
My (25f) boyfriend (30m) keeps saying everything I say is annoying him during quarantine as a joke - but won’t listen when I say it’s hurting my feelings.
I (21F) have been keeping a list of everything I love about my boyfriend
Does Anyone Else Always Worry That Their Partner Is Cheating on Them?
Is it cheating?
I (16M) go skinny dipping with my sister (18F) and cousins (M and F, all teenagers) in the summer. Do you think we should continue or stop?
Telephone with 30 somethings, Hello?
No one in my [24] GF’s [21] life knows I exist
Advice needed
I go skinny dipping in the summer with my sister and cousins, boys and girls. Is that weird
My gf [21] is keeping me [24] separate from all other aspects of her life
Does Anyone Else Constantly Worry About Their Partner Cheating On Them?
Should I take him back situationship guy?
are singles asking for advice common here?
I feel like I lost my soulmate, what do I do?
How to address the fact that sex is painful for me
Is there a way to know if I (26F) am the marrying type?
Guy (21m) I'm (18f) talking to hasn't really been great with texting lately. Please help!!
Boyfriend (m24) basically just called me (f24) a gold digger because I don’t kiss him whenever he wants. Did I overreact or was that out of line?
Caught my friend’s bf on tinder twice
Moving too fast?
Guy (21m) I'm (18f) talking to hasn't really been interacting with me as much. What do I do?
I (M/23) had a massive job opportunity come to my life but is in another state and my Fiance (F/24) does not want to go.
Individual lady portrayed as extension of hubs
Moving too fast?
I (24) got a job opportunity but will have to move to a different state and my Fiance (23) doesn't want to go.
My BF[26M] is talking to a girl who in my opinion has crossed boundaries with my boyfriend about intimate things, While I[29/F] am not okay with it. Am I over reacting or do i stand my ground?
(F19) Dating issues between boyfriend (20) and emotionally abusive parents
why does my boyfriend love to show he doesn’t care?
I (25F) am a third-wheel between my bf (35m) and my best female friend.
I [31/M] broke up with my girlfriend [23/F] of 3 years. Feelings of regret have been coming up.
How has Sheltering in Place been affecting people's relationships with their partners?
What's in a number?
Boyfriend won’t use a condom?
Friend I've had since middle school is ghosting me. I'm pissed
Am I (34) being self-absorbed? Is she being immature (23), or do we just have different, irreconcilable thought processes/worldviews?
My [24F] boyfriend [27M] was in a car accident and we have a long recovery period ahead
Am I wrong for not forgiving my father for what he’s done
Is it bad that I want to be a single mother?
My (27f) fiancé (27m) can't be happy in long term relationships and doesn't know why
Is it bad that I want to be a single mother?
Boyfriend doesn’t like doing things with me?
Boyfriend (26m) slaps me (19f)
My bf(M 28) of over 2 years won't financially support me(F 25)
Do you have any advice ?
My (25F) boyfriend (23M) just called me over and told me to drink some water. Is this normal?
My BF[26M] is talking to a girl who in my opinion has crossed boundaries with my boyfriend about intimate things, While I[29/F] am not okay with it. Am I over reacting or do i stand my ground?
Am I (34) being self-absorbed? Is she just immature (23), or do we just have vastly different, irreconcilable thought processes/worldviews?
Do you have any advice ?
Trust Issues/Insecurity
Advice
I loved a marry man (36M) and I was a fool (20F)
I think I just broke up with my boyfriend.
My [19M] mother is upset with me because her friend [31F] was flirting with me during dinner.
I (33F) started talking to a great guy (38M) on a dating app a month ago. Only issue is that all his close friends are women he's dated/ex-girlfriends, not sure how to feel about it.
Is a summer fling worth it?
I think i just broke up with my boyfriend.
My BF is talking about intimate things with another girl, While I am not okay with it. Am I over reacting or do i stand my ground?
Boyfriend (M20) asked me for space while he is away, I’m (F21) torn with anxiety :(
I’ve (29f) been distancing myself from my mom (56f) to work on myself and she’s making me feel guilty
Horrible Insecurity/Trust Issues
Boyfriend (M21) wants space from me and I (F21) am torn up with anxiety about it
Something I just wrote about looking a loved one
Me F24 cannot see M29 because of Coronavirus border closure, should I stick around?
I’m having a hard time getting over a friendship
Friends are dating and one of them cheated.
Do you have any advice ?
Dating a younger guy?
If men are expected to be confident in themselves before entering relationships, it’s time we start expecting the same of women.
GF hid relationship from ex.
My boyfriend [20M] of 8 months is considering breaking up with me [20F] due to him moving across the country
My boyfriend (35M) says I'm runing his life. I (28F) need to move out but I lack support and resources
My(26f) ex (28m) confuses me with his actions.
Me F24 Canadian can’t see guy M29 American during Coronavirus
Me (43M) and my wife (42F) chatted with our neighbour's son(22M) on Fetlife without knowing it was him and I think he knows it was us. We are so worried our secret is going to be revealed. What are we supposed to do?
Is it weird to date a younger guy?
I (M23) had anxiety because of my girlfriends (w23) birthday
My husband (33m) has been lying to me (22f) for the entire duration of our marriage
This lockdown has made me overthink things, I [24F] am afraid that my whole sexual past will bother my boyfriend [24M]
It's my girlfriends (w23) birthday today and i (m23) had anxiety about this. Let me tell you why.
My mother (34f) says that I (18f) cannot go on dates alone
Its my girlfriends(W23) birthday today and i (m23) almost had a panic attack. Let me tell you why.
How do you know when you’re ready to be in a relationship?
Don't want to speak to my dad unless I have to
Is it okay to ever smack your SO?
Several years ago, I (27/M) harassed a former friend of mine from high school (27/F) into blocking me across social media. The prospect of a class reunion has been raised, and I don't know what to do.
feelings for a friend
Started seeing someone across the border before Coronavirus
Don't want to speak to my dad unless I have to
My boyfriend (35M) tells me I ruined his life and he hates me every day. I (28F) have no friends or anywhere to go.
My husband (33m) has been lying to me (22f) for the duration of our marriage and can’t stop
UPDATE: Coping with being the odd man out? Follow-up question posted.
Poll: Would You Be Upset Not Being Able to Kiss Your Fiancé On Your Wedding Day / Couple Conflict
Why did I miss out on this hookup? Didn’t drive fast enough?
Wedding in the time of COVID and my mother
Help Needed Navigating a New and Difficult Situation
Too much sex? Gaslighting?
Just needed to vent
I (f22) feel just abuse
Best friend [31f] hurt myself feelings [31f] talk to me rude over late play date.
What would you say if your long distance boyfriend of four months said no to sex during the first night together ?
Need a place to vent.
First hookup experience - he pushed my head down really hard while giving him a blowjob! Is this normal?
What would you say if your long distance boyfriend of 4 months said no to sex on your first night together ?
how do i [18m] deal with breaking up wifh my 1.5yr gf[18f]
I (F20)made a horrible impression on my best friends’ (M20) GF (F19), and now she very much dislikes me. Can I reconcile with her and my friend?
How do i [18M] get use to life after breaking up with my 1.5yr Gf[18F]
Should i send my gf a care package?
Me (21M) doesn’t want to continue my relationship after graduating from uni
I'm [F18] unsure if I should restart my relationship with my ex [M19]
I'm unsure on whether I should restart my relationship with my ex
Depressed hubby is S*xu*l RPing
My gf 20 keeps crashing her motorcycle, 23m
Hubby is suicidal and is RPing with a woman online to get off
Me (32M) was broken up with by (32F) girlfriend of one-year today. She is happy to meet for a couple of days while I collect my stuff from her. Is there a chance of reconciliation?
My boyfriend (28M) and I (21F) are taking a 72 hour “break”. How do I deal with the separation anxiety and dealing with rough patches?
Did I (16, soon 17 f) end my friendship with my former friend (18 f) badly?
I [m29] don't know how to ask my girlfriend [f28] to chip in
How to help my boyfriend with violent night terrors?
Boyfriend(29) money troubles.
My (19F) boyfriend (19M) won't help make time for the relationship
My boyfriend (28M) and I (21F) are taking a 72 hour “break”. Advice for dealing with the separation anxiety/going through rough patches.
Do people feel they always need to be in a romantic relationship? [34M]
My (19F) boyfriend (19M) has time management issues
Found out my boyfriend M(20) used to be a creep years before we met F(20)we’ve been dating for 9 months
Lack of closure after the end of friendship (Me 18f, her 17f) is hindering my healing process.
My (22F) mom (50F) gets unbelievably upset when I want to stay over at my boyfriend's house. How do I have an assertive conversation with her?
Found out my boyfriend used to be a creep years before we started dating
Found out my boyfriend used to be a creep years before we met
My (23) ex-fwb and now friend (23) started casually seeing someone new and I'm jealous even though I was the one who didn't reciprocate his feelings and ended things?
I (17f) am worried my boyfriend (16m) and I won’t last because of so many horror stories I’ve read online
Girlfriend (32f) asked me (33m) about turn-ons and it opened a can of worms.
What do people feel when they are not in a relationship? [34m]
My best friend [31F] of 20yrs is arguing with me [31F] over our kids playing.
Found out my boyfriend used to be a creep years ago before we started dating.
Should I [18M] talk with my older cousin [22M] after I fought his brother [17M]? Or just forget about it
The guy (32M) I’ve (25F) been sexting for months is married and has a baby on the way. Should I move on or tell his wife?
I [25f] feel completely sexually numb and feel it is hurting my bf [25m]
Is he serious or am I ignorant?
Do I [22M] have to be close with my parents [50's M/F] or family [20's, 30's M/F]?
I (22m) was thinking I might have to go separate ways with my girlfriend (22f)
I (22m) was thinking I might have to go separate ways with my girlfriend (22f)
Ex (F 22] texted me a video of her being intimate with another man
After 9 years of relationships with various angry men, I [F28] am starting to feel like the common denominator
My (F56) daughters (F23) ex boyfriend (M23) reached out to me and I can’t stop thinking about it ..
Dating while schizophrenic
My bf sleeps with his dog in the bed, how do I address the fact that I am not comfortable with it?
AITA for not being friends with benefits with my partner just because my bestf suggested it ?!
How to save my relationship when my (21F) boyfriend (25M) won't forgive me and says he is miserable
My(27F) Boyfriend (25M) tells me he can't give me a reason to stay with him
I find relationships exhausting
I think my boyfriend is hiding someone in the house
Advice for dealing with selfish husband
21m why did I miss out on this hookup?
Is my(23f) mom(53f) being emotionally manipulative?
Does this mean my BF (27) is still interested in me (28F)
Does he still have feelings for me?
Ex texted me
My (F27) partner (M27) doesn't want to be tied down. We've been together 9 years.
Sex....... What is the right mix?
I’m no longer friends with someone do I delete all their pictures or keep them?
Im thinking of getting my own place
I have lost my only female friend, why?
I [F28] am starting to lose touch with myself after a series of relationships with angry men
I'm thinking of getting my own place
My [25M] long distance girlfriend (Japan) [26F] cheated on me a few months ago, and just told me yesterday
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and still a virgin. No attractive women 20sF like me. I hate my life because attractive women don't like me. I hate husbands of the women who rejected me.
Sex ....... What is the right mix?
My (21m) partner's (23f) housemate (20f) is not taking enough care of her cat (1f) and refuses to listen to me when i point it out because she dislikes me as a person and because i haven't lived here for long. What should I do next, for the animal's sake?
My [35M] wife [35F] is trying to use my pregnancy/impregnation fetish to convince me to have a fourth child
How do I (17m) help my girlfriend (17f) with her low self-confidence?
How do I help my girlfriend with her low self-confidence?
My girlfriend [24f] would like me [25m] to commit to an engagement?
I have lost my only female friend, why?
What should i do about my sexless relationship?
I feel like the consolation prize
How do I (18F) respond to frequent messages from a friend (20M) after avoiding him for months?
Dear redditors, how did you dpfind out your partner was cheating?
Lost my only female friend, why?
Late 20s(F) missing my first love
Female(25) broke up with boyfriend(40) over stalking social media accounts and making false claims
How do I (21F) stop worry about everything in my relationship?
BF (24) want to buy a pet I (F22) am probably allergic to.
Late 20s(F) missing first love.
I [21F] think I’m all good, then 3 AM comes and
Sexless relationship?
I [19F] think it’s all good and then when it’s 3 AM
I [21F] feel like giving up even though he [21M] swears he wants to make things work
I [21F] feel like giving up even though he [21M] swears otherwise
I'm guessing my (32 F) friend (33 F) has ended our friendship, but I think I'm okay with it.
Female(25) broke up with boyfriend(40) over stalking social media accounts and making false claims
Over stepping in laws or am I in the wrong?
My mom and boyfriend make me feel like shit when we’re all together
My girlfriend (18 F) of 9 months got mad at me (21 M) for not letting her listen in on my phone call
After I passed out and felt horrible all day a couple of days ago, my boyfriend made me remember all the reasons I hate our relationship
After I passed out and felt horrible all day a couple of days ago, today my boyfriend made me remember all the reasons I hate our relationship
My mom and boyfriend make me feel like shit we’re all together
Want to ask my ex a question but unsure if it's the best choice
My best friend [f26] said I lead her on and betrayed her because I [m26] have another female friend? How should I respond?
What would you guys do? I think I’m being played...
want to ask my ex a question but unable too
What would you guys do? I think he’s playing me....
I [38F] am moving on, but not ready to kill spiders who kept me company after complicated death of (at the time) 38M friend.
Me and my fiancee split up. Should I try to be friends with her so I can see her kid that I raised for two and a half years or move on?
How do I M21 help my girlfriend F22 lose weight? (She wants to)
My girlfriend [24f] thinks I [22f] still have feelings for my ex [26m] because I recently wrote about how much I hate him in my private diary.
Toxic Parents
My girlfriend [24f] thinks I [22f] still have feelings for my ex [26m] because I recently wrote about how much I hate him in my private diary.
It looks like my (F20) boyfriends (M25) male friend (M23) is flirting with him.
I've [F28] been very hurt by the way my relationship with my mother [F58] has been throughout our lives.
My bf (30/m) loves me wholeheartedly and considers me the love of his life, the woman he wants to marry & have kids with — while I (25/f) want to “explore” before settling down. Am I stupid for forfeiting love for some “fun” with others? Does this mean I don’t love him enough?
Does this mean my BF (27) is still interested in me (28F)
Father [61] and stepmother [55ish] sabotaging relationship with me [37]
Confrontation with My [22F] Nightmare Roommate [26F]
How do I (23F) get over my ex (29M) when we are stuck living together, while managing to salvage a friendship?
My [f18] boyfriend [m17] compliments me too much and I don’t know how to talk to him about it
I(28f) hate what my SO(32m) (together 4yrs) has done with his hair but if I try to say anything he gets so sensitive. Is it even my place? Do I keep quiet or be honest?
My wife [41f] and I [42m] are heading for break up over decision on where we live.
My wife [32f] and I [30m] have been married for 5 years but we stopped having sex 3 months into marriage because of family drama.
How to get over someone you still love and live with, while preserving the friendship?
My (F20) boyfriend (M25) has a friend (M23) who is behaving... strange.
How do I [30F] explain to my friends that I am burnt out on calls?
Is this toxic?
My wife [F41] and I [M42] cannot agree on where to live. Suggestions on moving forward?
I’m [28F] unsure what my depressed partner [25M] wants, and it’s starting to affect my mental health
My partner (27m) is social with everyone but me (28f)?
Is this toxic?
Any Success stories with mending “Broken Relationships”?
I’m [28F] unsure what my depressed partner [28M] wants, and it’s starting to impact my mental health
My (27m) partner doesn't like going out with me (28f)?
I cannot deal with my long-term boyfriend’s infrequent recreational drug use and desire for drugs.
I (20F) think he (21M) could be bad news?
Any success fixing “broken relationships”?
Am i the problem?
Porn but no sex
boyfriend pulls away and it messes with my head
How can I break up with my bf without seeming so shallow?
Boyfriend pulls away and it messes with my head
I cannot deal with my long-term boyfriend’s infrequent recreational drug use and desire for drugs.
How can I handle this situation?! Am I in the wrong?
My [24F] BF [30M] can't stop giving me uninvited 'advice' on my hobbies
How can I handle this? Or am I in the wrong here?!
Help! Did I mess it up?
Help. Did I mess it up?
Remembering Happy Moments[38M] Will Improve The Relationship[34F]
Help. Did I mess it up?
Still think about ex after years of break up
Over the past few months my (33) boss (57) has been undermining me to my staff
Those of you who have great sex life with your spouse, what is the secret?
Remembering Happy Moments Will Improve The Relationship
I (24F) moved in with my BF (42) and moved my cats in. One of them is super stressed.
boyfriend (17M) sometimes makes me feel bad about my (17F) past
Should I (M/21) forgive my father (M/53) for hitting my mom 3 times in the past
How can I stop being so preoccupied with his accent?
So I just found out that my parents are #covidiots
So I just found out my parents are #covidiots
College Graduation Ceremony Gloom [22F]
I’m not a man
Girlfriend [25] wants more sex
Girlfriend [25] told me we don’t have enough sex and a relationship needs sex...
four years later, i[23f] still feel bad for reporting my ex-flatmate[22m] for sexual assault
My (23F) younger sister (19F) won’t give up my clothes after I lost enough weight to fit in them
Does your partner get annoyed if you fix the kids a snack and not them?
How do I stop being the person people unload on without sharing information about personal struggles that I'd rather keep private?
I'm (35F) having difficulty coping with my on again off again relationship being off with 32M
Finally talked to my girlfriend about our communication issues and it just got worse.
Porn but no sex
My (20F) girlfriend (26F) got me into a poly relationship with a third person (26M). He has broken up with her (not me) and now she's blaming me
Fiance [32M] quit job to finish school but not studying, looking for help on how to approach this
My [21f] ex boyfriend [24m] keeps contacting me to tell me he misses me
My best friend's [33/F] dog passed away while I [32/F] was dog-sitting and now she HATES me. What can I do to make it better??
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) forgot our anniversary.
My (F20) boyfriend (M25) has a friend (M23) who is behaving... strange.
Taking children to Mexico at 14 to visit Family, is that too young because of the dangers?
Is it wrong to end things with a partner who says that they’re trying to be better and correct their past mistakes?
Girlfriend was r*ped last night
Me(30f) with my SO(34m) of 4 years - I absolutely hate what he’s done with his hair and am struggling to hide it, wondering if I should lie or just tell him.
My [21F] ex boyfriend [24m] keeps contacting me to tell me he misses me
My siblings and I are in a lot of the same online circles and its starting to affect my individuality.
Is it wrong to end things with a partner who says that they’re trying to be better and correct their past mistakes?
I (23F) need advice to stop feeling bitter towards other humans
Wanting to get some time away from my Boyfriend(25) of 5 years
I (F39) broke up with my boyfriend (M39) because he stopped having sex with me. Am I wrong?
I (15M) saw something about my ex (15F) that really made me regress in my moving on. Please help.
F (33) at a breaking point with partner F (29)
I (F39) broke up with my boyfriend (M39) because of lack of sex.
Boyfriend (18M) is being very unhealthy lately and won’t take any of my advice
My (26f) boyfriend (30m) burned my gifts after an argument
Breaking up due to lack of sex?
My [19M] Girlfriend [19F] is asking for space because of family problems and I am confused on how long that is going to be and why she would tell me about the whole situation
Can you ask your partner to give up their dreamjob (for now)?
Relationships
Can you ask someone to give up on his dream job (for now)?
My best friend 20(M) gave me 20(F) an ultimatum and I don’t know what to do about it
I (21F) feel so uncomfortable around my dad (60M)
Boyfriend burned my gifts after an argument
Sister [27F] uninvited me [34M] from her wedding for siding with my brother [36M]
It’s complicated
Boyfriend [19m] can't stay awake during the day and I [19f] am feeling like he doesn't care about me anymore and I'm not sure what to do about it
How do I tell someone they have borderline personality disorder so that they seek help?
How to not ruin things due to past? And how to not let problems reoccur again?
I (21F) feel so uncomfortable around my dad (60M)
Anyone currently in an exclusive relationship that started out as FWB?
I broke the rules and my dad called me a whore
I'm [39M] a loner and feel like im going to be alone forever
My (22F) boyfriend (28M) constantly brings up the fact that I have no friends.
Boyfriend (23M) didn't acknowledge my (23F) birthday
Help needed Identifying mystery 17 years old daughter of famous family in greater Manchester !!
I [21M] am barely having sex with my girlfriend [20F] anymore
In a weird situation with a Girl I really like.
How much time do you spend with your SO?
How much time do you spend with your SO?
Weird Situation currently going on with girlfriend, need some serious advice on this situation with me [19M] and my girlfriend [19F]
Should I (63m) tell my family I cannot love?
Divorced people, when were you positive that this marriage won't work?
How should I (25) best deal with my roommate (26F)?
[in-laws]
My [30m] friends insist on staying in touch with and trying to make me hang out with my ex [30m], who secretly recorded us having sex
UPDATE: He [34M] wants to take our "situationship" to the extreme next level and wants me [33F] to move in. I am not sure if I am an idiot for considering it.
In a weird situation with a Girl i like and have feelings for but she's giving me mixed signals.
father [53M] physically abuses me [18M]. What do I do?
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) didn't acknowledge my birthday
Fiancee at Odds with Wedding Day Situation - Need Votes/Input!
Need some serious relationship advice about the situation with me [19M] and [19F]
How to know when you found your man
Me [18M] Father [53M] physcially abuses me. What do I do?
My dad physically abuses me and I don't know what to do?
How do you know when you found your man?
I am just confused and I don't understand
I [25M] have been “DMing” for a week with this girl [23F], we don’t know each other in person. I noticed that she’s barely asking me any questions about me. If she’s not interested why is she answering the messages?
How to not ruin things due to past? And how to not let problems reoccur again?
His (34m) habits gotten worse during quarantine
25 year relationship and I am more in love with my spouse than ever...
Got ghosted (I think) after a messy relationship, is it worth trying?
Boyfriend (M38) told me he doesn't want to hear about my (F34) problems, but I wasn't even complaining. Yet he's told me I can talk to him about anything. What's going on here?
I [25M] think I have feelings for my Str8/Bi [3?M] hook up.
Got ghosted (I think) after a messy relationship, is it worth trying?
Possible emotional abuse
I [27F] am queer and having crossdressing sex with my male [26M] Roommate. I don't know how to feel about myself.
Girlfriend became upset when I called her "easy"
His (34m) habits gotten worse during quarantine
I like This girl a lot but need help
Boyfriend (M38) told me he doesn't want to hear about my (F34) problems, but I wasn't even complaining. Yet he's told me I can talk to him about anything. What's going on here?
I [F19] thought I could post NSFW pics without issue after initial permission from my SO [M19]. I crossed a boundary and got blocked, and now I hate myself for it.
I'm (M21) concerned about my GF's (20F) lack of motivation and the future of our relationship
Is this all in my head? F23, M22 ‘flirtationship’
Should I reach out to my partner's ex-BFF who was in love with him?
Do you have an emotionally lazy partner?
Trying to figure out if this is the end F(28) with F (32)
BF (30M) is ignoring me (25F) as I need some emotional support
Do you have an emotionally lazy partner?
Boyfriend doesn't want to hear about my problems nor talk to me about his, yet said I could talk to him about anything. What's going on with him?
BF (30M) is ignoring me (25F) and I need some emotional support
I was in a abusive 'relationship'. I've never said that out loud to anyone. I've been so embarrassed and ashamed.
My friend (16f) got a dickpic from the person whom she consider her grandfather 2 months ago and she is traumatized. I do not know how to help her and I am hopeless.
I [F19] thought that posting NSFW pics with initial permission from my SO [M19] and responding to DMs was harmless at first, but I messed up, he blocked me, and now I regret everything.
My friend (16f) received a dickpic from the one she consider her grandfather 2 months ago and now she is traumatized and I don’t know how to help her.
Is it normal to ponder over ending a perfectly happy relationship?
24F forced to stay with ex boyfriend 28M during lockdown
Why did my girlfriend get upset when I called her "easygoing"?
Cut someone off who you think could be your destiny?
Was it wrong for me[f21] to break up with my boyfriend[35m]
A lack of boundaries between my mom [50sF] and I [19M] is causing resentment
girl (22f) I’m (22f) dating lied about something small but he could be putting people in danger?
Me (25 f) confused over Guys (25 M) Behaviour
Women who fallen out of love. Have you ever fell back in?
I (20M) am incapable of dealing with my girlfriends (18F) issues
Women who fallen out of love. Have you ever fell back in?
Me (30) with bf (31) 5 years. Slept with ex on a break and now wants me to butt out of their relationship
GF (18f) wants to “go out” during quarantine..what to do?
My Dad and My relationship help.
How to stop caring that my (F20) boyfriend (M20) loved someone else before me?
He (26M) hasn't tried to initiate sex with me I (24F).
Is it normal to ponder over ending a perfectly happy relationship?
sneaky boyfriend
Am I (F20) crazy for being jealous over her (F21) Ex?
Reddit help me please!
Reddit help me please!
I don’t like my parents on an emotional level... not sure why
Am I (F20) crazy for being jealous over her (F21) Ex?
Reddit, help me please!
Just sharing our opinion
help?
I can't manage myself to accept that it's all about time and waiting. Is it normal ?
I feel like my boyfriend is basing our entire relationship off of sex
I 34/F found notes that my bf 40/M took about one of our arguments and they are hurtful.
My [33F] husband [40M] refuses to discuss his drinking with me because “I can’t change the past”
Im having a hard time to accept that it's won't happen right now.
Am I crazy for being jealous over her ex?
I've (29f) made a mistake.
GF won’t do things with me she happily did with her ex.
Communication?
Breaking up during quarantine
Is this guy [35M] being sweet or desperate?
Breaking up during quarantine
GF won’t do things with me she happily did with others.
Me (30M) unsure about starting a sexual relationship (with 27F)
I dont know if i want my family to play a part in my life anymore
What makes a guy with 35 yo not want to take charge of his life?
AITA for telling my (19M) bestfriend (20F) that she's different from my partner (19F)
I (20/F) have been in a confusing and complicated situation with (24/M) for a year now.I’m stuck on what to do now
My girlfriends friends are a bad influence to her.
Am I [32F] wasting my time seeing [33M] casually?
My [23F] girlfriend’s [24F] pregnant sister [18F] wants to move in with us to our new apartment
Am I (23M) wrong for wanting to find out how my former friend (26M) really viewed our friendship by asking one of his former friends if he's been spreading rumors about me behind my back?
I'm [F30] struggling with my fiancé's [M29] lack of affection.
Am I (23M) wrong for wanting to know my friend (26M) really viewed our friendship by asking one of his former friends if he said anything mean about me behind my back?
Girl (28F) has weird texting habits with me (20M)
Broke quarantine to celebrate 2 year anni and master’s thesis defense with bf
My sister refuses to postpone her May 30th wedding
Dodge, duck, dip, dive and dodge.
Am I [32F] wasting my time seeing [33M] casually?
Feeling hopeless about ever founding true love & being in love with straight friend problems.
I don't know if I want to be in contact with my father anymore
Girlfriend loves to watch girl/lesbian porn
Should I end it with my (27F) boyfriend (32M)?
My fiancé has started drinking again
I’m annoyed with my boyfriend who could just be doing more
My friend (23F) ghosted me (23F) out of nowhere
Feeling hopeless about ever founding true love & being in love with straight friend problems.
24F forced to stay with ex boyfriend 28M during lockdown
Is it wrong for me to dislike my boyfriend’s best friend?
My (18F) long term bf (18M) of 3.5 years stopped loving me within hours. What does this mean?
Feeling hopeless about ever founding true love & being in love with straight friend problems.
He’s stopped messaging during lockdown
(F18) I just left a long term (3.5yrs) relationship, my ex (M18) said he doesnt love me. what does that mean?
Girlfriend loves to watch girl/lesbian porn
I feel guilty about moving on
My[21M] girlfriend[21F] is mad at me because I let my little sister[14F] sleep in the same bed as us.
I [25F] love my roommate [27NB], but I feel like their parent and it's driving me crazy
My [26F] boyfriend [26M] prefers big boobs and really curvy girls, but I am quite the opposite. This is ruining your relationship. Any advice?
I(22M) feel like I play second fiddle to my GF(22F)'s BFF(22F)
My (26f) ex (28m) got back in touch with me
My (f26) ex (m28) got back in touch
It took me so long to move on because I felt guilty and sad about it
Has anyone here tried having separate bedrooms while living with their partner?
Window bang
my boyfriend (15M) is poly and i (14M) only found out because of a tumblr post
Starting to think I need to end it with my (27F) boyfriend (32M)
How do I [23F] prevent myself from going back to old times with him [25M]?
Has anyone here tried having separate bedrooms while living with their partner?
I (20) keep seeing my ex (21) everywhere and I’m starting to think it’s a sign...
Girlfriend (F20) is pressuring me to move in (M19)
My (m 25) girlfriend (f 21) broke up with me because she felt pressured into dating me
I [48f] like my neighbor's son [22m] a lot
My (24F) friend (24F) seems to not put effort anymore
How Should I [37F] Respond to Former Friends Repeated Contact Attempts?
My [26F] BF [32M] wants to get a motorcycle despite knowing that's how my father died
Love ya, but you gots to go
Should I (16F) cut ties with my dad (42M) ?
What are signs of maturity in a relationship?
My (26f) friend's (27m) ex (26f) won't stop harassing me
My (m 25) girlfriend (21 f) broke up with me because she felt pressured to date me
I'm [25M] getting back together with my FWB [26F] tomorrow after six weeks apart following an argument. Is it acceptable for me to ask if she's slept with anybody else during this time apart?
It's been fun but you gots to go
22 (M) BF of 3 years enjoys Gang Bang Porn
Should I text him?
I'm [25M] getting back together with FWB [F26] tomorrow after not seeing each other for about 6 weeks due to argument.. is it acceptable for me to ask if she has slept with anybody else in this time?
My BF likes gang bang porn with only one girl
Am I (28NB) being fair in my chores expectations for my partner (24M)?
TL;DR: Is my ex-boyfriend rekindling romance with his ex wife?
My friend's ex is crazy and won't stop stalking me and abusing me
(UPDATE) My [23F] boyfriend [25M] chose to help his mom move instead of me. Now he's upset with me because I'm upset about it.
My (21M) GF (20F) and I are taking a break what should I do?
My girlfriends friends are a bad influence, any advice?
Is it weird that my friends only seemed to become shitty and bad when I started dating my (21m) current girlfriend (19f)? And that I never seemed to notice their “toxic” traits until someone (my gf) from the outside pointed them out?
Can someone give some insight?
Mum got beyond furious when I deleted the location finder app on my phone.
My (25F) LDR partner (33M) hasn't replied or gone online for a week, am I being ghosted?
My Girlfriend F[18] after 2 and a half years has came to terms that she has lost her romantic love for me M[18]
My (20F) girlfriend (26F) is into open relationships. She got me into a relationship with three people. Now our boyfriend (26M) broke up with her (but not me) and she's blaming me
Should my friend (F 18) tell her boyfriend M(19) she cheated?
I (28m) Haven't spoken to mother (52f) in almost a month
Difference between couples that started young vs ones that started older
My (25F) LDR partner (33M) hasn't replied or gone online for a week, am I being ghosted?
Difference between relationships started at a young vs adult age
My (20F) girlfriend won’t allow me (21M) to like girls posts on Instagram
GF Is mad I didn’t stay in bed with her
Am I [30F] being paranoid or is he [33M] gaslighting me?
I (28m) Haven't spoken to mother (52f) in almost a month
My (20F) girlfriend won’t allow me (21M) to like females posts on Instagram
Finding out how me(m,22) and friend(f,20) go from here
Am I [30] being paranoid or is he [33] gaslighting me?
I need help with my possibly depressed s/o.
I [30F] love our best friends [early 30s M/F] but they inadvertently make me feel bad about my marriage. Advice?
please, i need help with my self deprecating significant other (tw: suicide)
Advice needed: ghosted after 2 year relationship :(
Unconventional relationship...is it for me?
Wife wants a third engagement ring and I'm feeling a little used. Am I being used?
Should I leave my toxic friend group.
I (21m) end up comforting her (20f)
I (18F) feel like I'm making all the effort in my relationship with my boyfriend (18M)
Help!
Girlfriend thinking about joining sorority
Husband keeps paying for cam girls
I'm having trouble thinking of myself(25F) being with my boyfriend(26M) for the long run.
How can I (M 22) tell him (M 22) that I want to break up?
My Girlfriend F[18] after 2 and a half years has came to terms that she has lost her romantic love for me M[18]
Girlfriend wanting to join sorority
Girlfriend interested in sorority
How can I (M 22) tell him(M 22) that I want to break up with him?
Girlfriend wanting in a sorority
What does it mean if I f[17] can’t sleep if not on the ft call with my bf m[17] at night??
My “Friend” (23F) went ghost on me (23F) our of nowhere.
How can I (26F) get my (26M) boyfriend to stop taking me for granted?
My boyfriend (25m) doesn’t last more than 3 minutes during sex and I (22f) is starting to get concerned about our sex life
I(18F) feel like I'm making all the effort in the relationship with my boyfriend (18M).
What does it mean if I can’t sleep if not on the ft call with me bf at night??
I'm (21M) the one upset but I'm comforting her (20f)
I(30F) cannot stop myself from screaming / crying when I’m trying to communicate with my bf(33M). Can anyone help?
I think my ex-boyfriend raped me couple of years ago
I'm not a virgin and my LDR girlfriend is one. Need help to get over it.
My (F35) boyfriend {M31) said something about my body & I don't know if I'm being over sensitive or he is just careless
I(30F) cannot stop myself from screaming / crying when I’m trying to communicate with my bf(33M). Does anyone meet the similar situations and would like to help?
My boyfriend (25m) doesn’t last more than 3 minutes during sex and I (22f) is starting to get concerned about our sex life
I(30F) cannot stop myself from screaming / crying when I’m trying to communicate with my bf(33M). Does anyone meet the similar situations and would like to help?
I (F29) don't need my family
I (29f) am not sure how to approach a potential relationship with a guy (35f), particularly at what stage it is appropriate to stop flirting with other people.
My boyfriend gives me a choice to stay as a BFF or fwb because we don’t have the same feelings
Best friend is copying me constantly and her mother is enforcing this too
I (16M) cant seem to get over my crush.
I(30F) cannot stop myself from screaming / crying when I’m trying to communicate with my bf(33M). Does anyone meet the similar situations and would like to help?
My (25f) boyfriend (28m) thinks we should live separately after lockdown is over in order to save our relationship.
Guilt of Separation
My gf (20F) says that (20M) I’m weird and won’t ever be able to get anyone else
I [27F] feel like I am constantly begging my boyfriend [34M] for attention
My gf (20F) says that (20M) I’m weird and won’t ever be able to get anyone else
I(30F) cannot stop myself from screaming / crying when I’m trying to communicate with my bf(33F)
My ex (24f) hit me(27m) up again after about a year even tho she has a bf
Should I break up with him?
I feel like a failure
Guilt of Separation
My(23f) ex has been talking to me(27m) even tho she has a bf
I [48f] like my neighbour's son [20m] a lot
Should I (22F) break up with him(27M)?
I (21F) recently started seeing someone (24F) who has some self image issues. How do I help?
I (M20) really like my girlfriend (F20) but I'm not developing feelings
Best Python Training In Noida
Baby daddy always leaves when we argue
I (M20) am not sure if I should stay in my current relationship
Things have changed in my (20F) relationship (with 27M) over quarantine, and I don’t know how to deal with this mess.
Boyfriend (21M) was caught being unfaithful to me (21F)
I have no clue on how to deal with the mess my relationship has become
Does anyone understand actually it’s so annoying to hear “let me explain” in a fight?
Found out the guy I’m dating doesn’t want kids
My (24M) sister (18F) constantly causes drama, and turns it around onto me.
Lately I have been feeling like I have missed out on life.
Considering signing divorce papers my wife gave to me but I really don't know if I should try to salvage our relationship before jumping straight to a divorce.
Three months and still annoyed.
My boyfriend (21M) is babied by his mother (50F)
How important is sex in a relationship?
I'm considering signing divorce papers as my wife has become too controlling and overly protective since we had kids.
Three months and still annoyed!
How do I [26F] let my husband [28M] be the head of the household, when he is not the head of the household.
Should i (23M) get married with my GF (32F) soon ?
Lately I have been feeling like I have missed out on life. I (F31) have been married to my husband (M33) for 7 years.
[23/m] my friend [22/f] is obsessed with her ex and it's really toxic
MY BOYFRIENDS MOTHER
Should i (23M) get married with my GF (32F) ?
How do I [23F] keep things equal with my ex [25M] without reverting back to old times?
Idk if break up with my girlfriend..because she has no one except that me
My (24f) celebrity friend just ended our relationship because I rejected him
How can I help my cousin leave her verbally abusive partner?
What do I do
Call this number
How do I (24/M) deal with my girlfriend's (23/F) fickle behaviour?
My (22f) boyfriend (20M) and I may never speak again. We both did unspeakable things to each other. But I still love him.
Could someone please explain the bias? (F24, M27)
I can’t tell if I’m interested in him or not
My (22f) boyfriend (20m) and I may never speak again, we’ve both done horrible things to each other, I still love him more than anyone.
Does he [35M] just really like me or is this a bit strange
am I dreaming he loved me
A question
Just broke up, worried I’ll be forever alone
Is it wrong I (29M) don’t want to pursue relationships with others because I’m autistic?
I fell in love with my friends girlfriend and we slept together.
UPDATE!! I made a (surprisingly controversial) post the other day about my (23F) boyfriend (26M) who wasn’t ever complimenting my cooking. Y’all are going to want to hear this update.
Confused AF
UPDATE: Gf (28) apologized and admitted to me (M34) that mental health problems caused her anger
Needing advice
UPDATE!! I made a (surprisingly controversial) post the other day about my (23F) boyfriend (26M) who wasn’t ever complimenting my cooking. Y’all are going to want to hear this update.
I (25f) think my girlfriend (18f) is mentally disturbed.
i need help :(
I (30f) feel like I don't exist when my boyfriend (28m) goes back to his house because his communication is terrible.
Just broke up, will I be alone forever?
How do I (31M) get my girlfriend (31F) to open up about the reasons for the breakup AND get my stuff back.
My boyfriend (31M) of 7 years is going to leave me (26F) if I remain overseas
My (26f) girlfriend (24f) of a year wants to be a artist instead of working
How often are couples having sex
I think we're headed towards a break-up and I still don't understand what I've done wrong
[23F] I emotionally cheated on my boyfriend [23M] of 2 years, please help
Friends with my ex but his girlfriend won’t let him talk to me
BF (29M) broke up with me (31F). I need to face myself but I'm scared of being alone.
My boyfriend (30M) of 7 years is going to leave me (26F) if I continue to live overseas
MEND A BROKEN RELATIONSHIP
My [20F] brother [25M] wants to play video games with me to rekindle our sibling bond.
How do we convince a child to get off social media where she's possibly being groomed?
My (19F) dad (47M) and I are in a huge argument over nothing. I need advice on how to handle the situation.
I [F20] don't want to play video games with my brother [M25] anymore
Why do people desire romantic relationships vs a close friendship?
Is my (30M) girlfriend (40F) lying about being sexually assaulted during a one night stand?
Is it normal for taken guys to stare at other girls?
The L word
Is it normal for taken guys to stare at other girls?
Is it normal for taken guys to stare at other girls?
I (27m) live with two females who are friends both (25f) slept with one of them before her friend moved in with us (drunk mistake) and then discovered there is chemistry between me and her friend
Losing erection during penetration
How do we convince a child to get off social media where she's possibly being groomed?
Caught friend’s bf on tinder...TWICE
I (22F) lied to my BF (33M) about living with another man
I (19, F) started dating this guy (18, M) because I thought I would catch feelings, but I still feel nothing after a few months. Should I break up with him?
Caught my friend’s bf on tinder ...TWICE
Should I break up with my boyfriend?
ex or new guy?
How do I explain to her?
ex or new guy?
Abusive relationship
My ex won't stop trash talking me
Troubled 8 year relationship
I’m (F20) still thinking about my EX (M23) from 3 years ago whilst in a relationship! Am I the only one ?
Force to choose between two decisions?
My bf (m28) just broke up with me (f26 what do I do?
My(20f) boyfriend (20m) started playing games and I hate it
How can I (25NB) best help my niece (6?f7?) when I hardly get a chance to see her?
My (20s F) sister (30s F) has become obsessed with conspiracy theories. It’s straining our relationship.
My ex texted me out of nowhere.
asked M30 to touch me F27 more he mocked me.
Should I (22F) emotionally support my father (50s) more?
My ex gf just texted me out of nowhere.
asked M30 to touch my F27 pussy more, said he has chilli on his fingers all the time
Should I (22F), try to emotionally support my father (50s) more
My boyfriend [34] me [28], my boyfriend won't talk about the future. Should I be worried?
My (30F) mother (53F) has been making me uncomfortable sexually since I was young
Same toxic cycle that we can’t escape and is destroying our relationship (24f and 23m)
I (22F) am so in love with my boyfriend (23M) that it gives me anxiety.
My BF [34] Me [28] dating 4 yours and he won't talk about the future
Am I a Bad Friend?
How do I [21F] confess a lie to my now bestfriends of 6 months?
My (30F) mother (53F) has been sexually inappropriate with me since I was young
I [27,M] want to surprise my fiancée [25, F] for our 9th anniversary.
Do you think asking to check your partner’s phone is controlling?
How much shit is enough shit?
Am I a bad friend?
How much shit is enough shit?
I'm a bad wife. Please help me be better!
Thinking about a toxic ex while in a relationship?! Am I dramatic?
How much shit is enough shit?
If I 27(m) cook every day, should my partner 27(f) clean the dishes?
My (22f) brother (34m) constantly brings up political views that are against me as a person and it's hurting our relationship.
My (30F) mother (53F) makes me uncomfortable talking about sex
Do you feel bad about your bf watching p0rn?
PACK YANDERETSU
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) lacks motivation and it’s driving us apart
How do I make new friends?
Not sure if i’m (21F) accountable for not being able to trust my partner (24M) after he treated me horribly
Closure
I don't know if my [32, f] fresh long-distance relationship with a guy from another country [31,m] makes any sense in times of covid-19
I'm devoted and love my boyfriend to pieces, but sometimes I wish I was single so i could experience hookup culture. [F21] [M20]
I (20 M) had followed 6 Instagram models and my partner (20 F) of 3 years has been worked up about it for a month.
How do I make new friends?
My boyfriend (m21) will randomly raise his voice at me and then laugh it out??
Options?
Ghosted
I (20M) had a 6 Instagram models followed and my partner (20F) is still worked up about it a month later.
Was I really abandoned or am I just over-reacting?
Am I bored? Is something wrong with me?
I think my boyfriend is avoiding me
My (30f) 13-year-old sister now has social media/a little bit of autonomy, but my emotionally abusive and BPD/narcissist mother (who I'm estranged from by choice) has a grasp on her and uses her as a tool to shame/guilt/get at me. How do I tell my sister I'm not in her life because of this?
Do you think that its worth it if my bf [21 m] hangs out with me [25 f ] for 15 mins during quarantine?
my (20f) boyfriend (21m) went through my phone and then lied about it, am i right for feeling like my privacy has been violated?
My (23 f) Ex (23 M) probably emotionally cheated on me, yet we haven’t spoken in almost a year
My boyfriend always makes me feel like shit.
My boyfriend won’t talk to me
Healthy relationships
am I (f19) wrong for getting upset at my boyfriend (m20) for sending a selfie to another girl on Snapchat?
am I wrong for getting upset at my boyfriend for sending a selfie to another girl on Snapchat?
My (23 f) Ex (23 M) probably emotionally cheated on me, yet we haven’t spoken in almost a year
My (16M) girlfriend’s (15f) best friend (15f) keeps telling her we should break up. Should I confront her or should I just leave it be?
I (19F) don’t feel the same about him (23M).
Do you feel bad about your bf watching p0rn?
My parents are suddenly teaching my (18F) sister (15F) how to drive.
First time trying a dating app
Do you feel bad about your bf watching p0rn?
First time using a dating app
Should I (28f) get him (24m) an expensive gift?
Need advice, breaking up with someone because of my PTSD
How do I support my boyfriend when he is on his rock-bottom phase?
My (28f) FWB (34m) suddenly became cruel to me because I asked if I could hike with his brother.
Yet another girl who feels bad about her bf watching porn
Should I (28f) get a guy (24m) that I’m dating an expensive gift?
Need advice, breaking up with someone because of PTSD
Try this
i miss my ex
My mentor hasn’t answered my texts
Conflicted about reaching out to depressed ex
Conflicted between platonic relationships and romantic relationships (f19)
Sexy deepnudes
Am i a rebound? Or the reason they broke up?
Realizing a lot of my issues were caused by my (29f) mom (56f) and it’s making me want to avoid her
Tonight my husband and I decided to end our marriage for good, and I feel like I’m losing my best friend forever.
Are my [24F] relationships creepy or cute?
My [20] Girlfriend [20] of 2 years wants to take a break because I missed her birthday for a final exam
Are my [24F] relationships creepy or cute?
What should I do about an emotionally draining relationship?
He (30M) doesn't believe he mistreated me (29F) and won't take any acountability for his behaviours. How to come to terms with this?
I (27M) have recently gotten new roommates (27M, 25F) who will not properly discipline their dog
The best advice that I learned to improve my relationships is to START with great conversations with MYSELF. That's how I was able to build CONNECTION in conversation. This means my inner-talk is always RESPECTFUL. Because that little-kid spirit is ALWAYS inside us, no matter how old we are!
Does my ex seem interested? We talk on the phone once every week or other week for at least two hours? He’s a 26/M. I’m a 25/F
I think im an abusive gf
How long did your friends with benefits last?
i think im an abusive gf
Those of you who ended an engagement, what does your life look like after the healing period?
Should I m(26) marry a girl I don't find attractive anymore?
Those of you who have ended an engagement, what does your life look like after the healing period?
My (f22) bf (m26) gets excited when his friend uses tinder
Should I marry a girl I dont find attractive anymore ?
I (23F) had a fling with a friend (24M). It was messy, and now I don't know how to get over it.
Should I marry a girl I dont find attractive anymore ?
It's Good to Finally See What He Really Is a Year Later
Animal Crossing is ruining my (23M) relationship with my girlfriend (23F), how do I move forward?
How do I (20F) tell a guy (21M) that I don’t want to have sex?
My (36f) partner (40m) cheated on me....I screwed up and came back and now I'm freaking OUT
My (f22) bf (m26) gets excited over his friend's tinder.
10 years and I still haven’t met him but I just can’t get him off my mind.
I (31M) can’t stand my SIL BF (25M). It’s really putting a damper on my relationship with everyone..
Me (28M) have been terrible at relationships as long as I can remember. What triggered me making this post is that I am just got into a huge fight with my family. How do I become a better person and have better relationships? Some more details in the post
What can I do about my girlfriend? She’s not very affectionate and acts immature?
Those of you that get mad and sleep on the couch....
Is he still interested?
HELP: How to Deal with Anxiety in a New Relationship?
I can't get over the guy I lost my virginity to [26f now 27, 35m now 37m]
HELP: How to Deal with Anxiety in a New Relationship?
Is he still interested?
My [26F] fiance [26M] became really depressed today for no reason and I couldn't fix it and it freaked me out
How do my boyfriend (27M) and I (26F) support his mother (50sF) through a tough time while maintaining boundaries?
My sister (24F) and I (21M) grew up apart and are trying to rebuild a relationship after our mom passed away but it feels like we’re strangers.
My ex talks to me a year later and is in a relationship. I’m still in love with him.
Am I (20M) asking too much from my gf (18F) to stop talking to a male coworker?
Failed Friendship or Friendship on hold?
What is the hardest part of your romantic relationship?
What is the hardest part of your [romantic] relationship?
She's is on and off and I'm confused
My (24M) two sisters (20&20F) extremely rude to parents (52M, 53F)
My boyfriend is giving me a choice to stay as bff or fwb since we don’t have the same feelings
Was I wrong?
I (30 M) asked girlfriend (31 F) about dating past for understanding. Am I wrong for asking something to be a better partner or was it violating?
Do people still text back if they don't want to talk to you?
I’ve decided to go home
Women: Is it normal to think about your best friend a lot?
I (30 M) confronted my girlfriend (31 F) about specific dating past. Knew it wouldn’t be a good conversation, but I had to know as we’ve spoken about settling down and having a family.
I’ve decided to go home
Women: Is it normal to think about your best friend a lot?
I’d (M21) like to provide better help to my brother(M25) in improving his mental health
Do you think I was wrong for sending this nasty message to my cousin?
Can I (30F) trust my boyfriend (28M) after he's kissed two different girls during the course of our 2 year relationship?
My (F30) boyfriend (M45) is struggling and I am wracked over how to help and feel useless.
My brother’s (22m) girlfriend (22f) stole from me. (19f) Please help.
My GF (22F) said she wasn't happy anymore. I (25M) got angry.
I asked my dad (55M) if i (21F) could date someone (21M), he said no, but i want to continue dating them.
Need help labeling this behavior I (26nb) observed in my mother (56f)
Insecurity feels.. To be or not to be?
My girlfriend (22F) said she wasnt happy anymore. I (25M) got angry.
24 M looking for Single F, Houston TX
I asked my dad (55M) if i (21F) could date someone (21M), he said no, but i want to continue dating them.
iPhones and infidelity
My (24F) friend (32M) acted repulsed and embarrassed when we were mistaken for a couple. My self esteem is at rock bottom.
My(27/f) friend (28/f) thinks her husband (28/m) cheated on her with me.
Husband is too busy for me or the kids
Couples & Covid-19: A study of health-care workers and their partners
I (F 25) am reaching a familiar wall
Defensive mechanism?
Should I apologize or move on from my “friend”? (19F)
I [23F] am feeling a lot of resentment towards my boyfriend [22M] over potentially not graduating
I [18M] laughed at a noise my gf [18F] made in bed; now she's embarrassed, and i don't know how to apologize
Insecurity feels. To be or not to be
I (26f) don't know if I can stay with my fianceé (27f) anymore.
My boyfriend wants me to move in with him because of quarantine
I’m questioning my relationship. 18 (M)
please help!!! idk what to get for my bf for his 18th??
What am I supposed to think/do?
SEXUALY HARRASED BY BOYFRIEND
Ex is nuts?
My boyfriend (32M) wants to break up because I (29F) replied to an ex (33M) informing me about a beloved pet dying
Is thinking about marriage and the far future too soon for an 18 yr old?
Is it bad that I don’t miss my girlfriend while in lockdown? (M)18 (F)18
Is it bad that I don’t miss my girlfriend while in lockdown? (M) 18 (F) 18
How do I (21F) get my feelings back for my boyfriend (23M)?
I (23f) don’t like when my fiancé (32m) smokes.
Why do people seem insulted when you tell them you're an eternal bachelor?
My girlfriend of almost 5 months lost feelings over quarantine and just broke up with me.
Is thinking about marriage and the far future too soon for an 18 yr old?
Is my husband having an affair?
My [34M] girlfriend [31M] is tired of feeling like the bad guy - but it's kinda her fault?
Is my husband having an affair?
18th Bday Present for Boyfriend
Is it bad that I really miss my girlfriend while in Lockdown?
My boyfriend always wants to bring his dog over
How do you go about handling condescending people? [27m]
Nights are the hardest
Nights are the hardest
My bf’s lack of interaction with me is exhausting. Am I out of line here?
How do I [23F] learn to love my boyfriend's [27M] tattoos?
I don’t like my parents... not sure why
Did my (32M) girlfriend (32F) of one year just drop a breakup bombshell on me?
How to move on from a toxic friend that is victimizing themselves?
40[Mf4r] couple looking for sexy chats online
My boyfriend (18M) hates nose piercings but I (17F) love them and want one when I turn 18
I (m18) am meeting a girl (f18) and don’t know how to express my intentions
I [28M] got a voice message from an ex FWB [25F]
My boyfriend doesn’t like nose piercings
I (m18) am meeting a girl (f18) and don’t know how to express my intentions
I (26f) am addicted to being single, I think
My(21F) boyfriend(25M) has been wasting our money on pornstars
I (27M) have an overwhelming feeling that my gf (25F) isn't over her ex and might break up with me
I [27M] truly love my best friend [26F] but there's something missing between us.
How do I (18f) deal with toxic family in quarantine?
My (F20) boyfriend (M20) is a cry baby?
How do I signal a Woman my intentions when meeting?
I (27M) truly love my best friend (26F) but there's something missing between us
Will I, a toxic person, ever change towards my friend?Or it's best to leave her?
I (M 29) am only into older women.
I (17F) hit my dad (46M) and I feel terrible. What should I do?
Would it be weird for me (21F) to make a move on (23M)?
I (24F) worry that my boyfriend (20M) won't be able to handle a long distance relationship
He (28m) told me (24f) that he was going to propose but I can’t take the waiting and wondering
I (17F) hit my dad (46M) and I feel terrible. What should I do?
He (28m) told me (24f) he is going to propose but I can’t take the waiting and the wondering
Toxic friends? unsure what to do
Has anyone suddenly realized that they were in love with their best friend when it was too late?
heartbreak in quarantine (M 22)
My husband [30m] stole almost $1,000 from my [24f] account and I'm angry and hurt and I don't know what I am going to do.
Can my(32M) GF(32F) be upset at my mom?
My GF (24F) is upset that she found me (25M) "playing" with myself. I am asexual and do not like sex, but after seeing me do that, she thinks I just hate her body specifically. What do I do?
Emotional abuse between me(28F) and my fiancé(31M)?
How do I (24f) break up with my perfect boyfriend (24m)?
Story of catching my ex cheating
Toxic friends? unsure what to do
How do I [24f] break up with my perfect boyfriend [24m]?
Catching feelings just from sex
We (21m) her (19f) do role playing text, what does that mean
Has anyone suddenly realized that they were in love with their best friend when it was too late?
We (21m) (19f) role play when we text
Catching feelings just from sex
Can you love but not want?
My (23 F) relationship (24 M) is going pretty much perfectly. But I can’t stop freaking out.
My boyfriend walks out on me when we have bad argument, why should I do?
Can you still love someone but not want a relationship with them anymore?
My ex (25M) of five years keeps trying to flirt with my (22M) bestfriend (22M) and I don’t know how to snap out of it.
Is it normal that I hate getting into a relationship?
Is it weird that my BF (29) gave me a gift his ex gave him?
I [M25] got called out for calling my brother [M17] a faggot and now I can’t go home
I(16M) always feel like i'm not appreciated by my friends
heartbroken and quarantine [M 22]
I [M22] got called out for calling my brother [M20] a faggot and now I can’t go home
I (15F) have a male twin (15M) and my boyfriend has been acting weird ever since he met him last week.
Heartbreak in Quarantine [M 22]
Can anyone else relate?
Overthinking, or is he indifferent?
heartbroken during quarantine [22 M]
How to start text conversations with old coworkers?
Is my boyfriend cheating ? Me (20f) and my boyfriend (22m) have been seeing each other for about a year and just made it official this February. Last month I find hair on his bathroom floor that isn’t any of ours, I confronted him and I find more hairs yesterday
Best friend is in a FWB situation with his ex
My (19M) "Ex" (19F) talked to me and I don't know what to do
This is a long one but i fell in love with a girl who is leaving soon and need some advice.
I kissed my ex boyfriend when I came home from college! How do I tell my boyfriend at school?
My boyfriend (16M) has a stutter sometimes when around me (17F)
I said something I regret out of anger
My (19M) "Ex" (19F) talked to me and I don't know what to do
Mixed Signals - Vent Sesh
Roommate rescued a kitten, how do I tell her I don't want a cat since I'm allergic in the house in the most polite way?
My friend(29F) offered to be there for me(29F), but has ignored my message reaching out for support for a whole month. Is this friendship worth proceeding with?
I don’t think my relationship will survive Covid
Roommate rescued a kitten, I'm allergic. She sent me this text, how can I tell her I don't want a cat in my house in the most polite way?
My parents always take the side of my brother [22M] and never mine [19F]
My friend(29F) offered to be there for me(29F), but has ignored my message reaching out for support for a whole month. Is this friendship worth proceeding with?
I do not think my relationship will survive Covid
My friend offered to be there for me, but has ignored my messages reaching out for support for a whole month. Is this friendship worth proceeding with?
My (20F) Boyfriend (22M) last month I found hair on his bathroom floor, confronted him about it, then yesterday I find more hair that isn’t any of ours, what do I do? I’m conflicted, is he cheating ?
I (M18) feel like I'm too fine with cutting ties with people
I kissed my ex boyfriend when I came home from college! How do I tell my boyfriend at school?
I’m progressing and my boyfriend is not. Advice/help??
I (M21) can't get over (F22)
How to spice up corona sex life? (women answers only please)
I (M18) feel like I'm too good at cutting ties with people
Is my boyfriend cheating? He’s (22M) im a (20F). I found a LOAD of hair on the bathroom floor confronted him, then yesterday I found little blonde hairs, what do I do ? Am I being crazy/insecure?
i am 57 and looking to give love a shot
Sometimes love isn't enough, and I don't know how to deal with that
My(f20s) coworker(f20s) is being passive aggressive and it’s stressing me out
My parents are not treating me (20F) as an adult and won't let me see my boyfriend (22M) of 3 years, causing a strain on both relationships
Need advice :(
Why would my ex's father be reacting so aggressively towards our splitting up?
My (21m) girlfriend (22f) is gaining weight and I’m feeling less sexually attracted to her
My (21M) girlfriend (22f) is gaining weight and I’m beginning to feel sexually i attracted to her
My parents won't let me (20F) see my boyfriend (22M), causing a strain on both relationships
Should I (25 F) move out of my boyfriends (28 M) house for it being messy?
Dad doesn't ask about meeting new girlfriend
When I Almost Lost My Virginity
My parents won't let me (20F) see my boyfriend (22M) of three years, causing a strain on both relationships
How about some cold hard truth
I (29M) am feeling nervous about meeting my childhood best friend (29 F) after 15 years apart.
Breakup woes: removing calendar events and reminiscing about the days leading up
My (M26) GF (25) told me she preferred sex with someone else, I got insecure, she changed her story, I don't know if I can trust her anymore.
He liked and commented on her photo...need advice...
He liked a commented on her photo....how do I approach this?
I Think I’m falling for my F buddy
My bf[M,33] never post pictures of me[F,33]
Brother (M 24) keeps telling me (F 22) to go jump over a bridge head first...
He sends one formal message once a week
He liked and commented on a photo of her beach bum...am I overreacting?
My (26) GF (25) told me she preferred sex with someone else, I got insecure, she changed her story, I don't know if I can trust her anymore.
He liked and commented on a photo of her beach bum...am I overreacting or is he being disrespectful?
Is it wrong for me (23F) to not tell my boyfriend (25M) that my family is (somewhat) wealthy?
I think I’m developing feelings for my fuck buddy...what should I do?
My (37M) my wife (35F) is being totally unreasonable with me obeying social distancing protocols and I honestly am contemplating divorce.
My girlfriend is almost always in a bad mood with me and angry with me constantly. I dont know what to do.
My [22M] boyfriend [20M] said he feels nothing anymore
Make money online with your smartphone
My [22M] boyfriend [20M] said he has no feelings for me.
Please, please I need different POVs and opinions with this situation that has ruined my life. It's long but I really need it. (Has TLDR)
My girlfriend [17F] almost broke up with me [18M] and now is talking about the future with me. I am so confused....
Moving on from someone you love
Found hair in my boyfriends bathroom that isn’t mine or his then a month later I find more hair in bathroom. What do I do
Relationship feels like a rollercoaster, I feel stuck in a limbo all the time
I (26F) am not sure if I should wait for my boyfriend (27M) to be ready for marriage.
Make money online with your smartphone
Going Through a rough Patch
I can’t stop obsessing over my boyfriend and his female friend. Am I in the wrong?
I (17M) was wondering about how long neighbor-relationships last.
How did you let go of someone you were in love with?
Any suggestions of what to do?
I'm [31M] dating a disabled woman [30F] for 3 years and I need help accepting her disability
Anyone else struggle w/ a lack of emotion in relationships?
Any suggestions of what to do?
Wake up every day with a pit in my stomach
Any suggestions of what I should do?
How can I be a better daughter?
I (21F) love my boyfriend but his habits drive me nuts
How can I be a better daughter?
how to be a better daughter
I (17M) was wondering about this girl and her neighbor dating, and how long they generally last.
I (21F) Love my boyfriend but his habits drive me nuts!!!
Wondering if neighbor-ships often last a long time.
I don't know if I should wait on my boyfriend to be ready for marriage.
Wedding is in a few months, but he isn’t honest with me about sex
I love my boyfriend but I can’t stand his habits
I'm [41M] dating a disabled woman [30F] and I need help accepting her disability
I (28M) have plenty of hookups, but I’ve never had a relationship and it makes me incredibly lonely
Boyfriend of 2 years gets extremely mad and irritated when I have a panic attack
I (28M) have no problem hooking up with girls, but I have no idea of how to advance a relationship.
I want to breakup with my bf but I feel like I can't.
Anxiety about what my boyfriend could be doing
How can I(married female) find a nice girl to hook up with once in a while?
Partner is spiraling in addiction and I am at a loss for what to do
My (27F) Boyfriend's (36M) Manager (62F) is still overly involved/manipulative in our relationship and it might cause us to break up! What should I do?
My partner's parents have offered a lot of help during corona, but it's all been double-edged and I need to regain my trust.
My Ex.
I'm (25F) having trouble moving on from this
My[21F] boyfriend[22M] spends more time playing video games and stays with his friends than he does with me.
I'm dating a disabled woman and I need help accepting her the way she is
I (18F) found out my mum (54F) had a miscarriage before I was born and I don’t really know what to do
Almost started dating my roommate
Should I Wait or Should I leave?
I (27f) have been quarantining alone for a week with no human interaction. I want to reach out to someone (27m) that i ended things with. Good or bad idea? Should I do it?
Partner is spiraling in addiction and I am at a loss for what to do
My(27F) Boyfriend's(36M) manager(62F) Is overly involved/manipulative in our relationship and it might cause us to break up
How can I tell if my bff (f, 20) like me (f, 22) as more than a friend?
Should I Wait or Should I Leave?
Compromising in a relationship, in this case, pets
My bf [30M] left for his hometown for a couple of months, I am anxious about how to spend all this time alone
Breaking up with someone you still love because we have no future together
What are your pet name(s) for your significant others?
is it wrong if I (19f) do this to prove a point to my bf (21m)?
What are your pet name(s) for your significant other?
I (21F) am pregnant and living with the father of the baby (not dating) and he (29M) has a lot of rules for me and idk if it's fair
I (24F) think I'm too emotionally unavailable and constantly self-sabotage my relationships, both romantic and platonic. There is a couple interested (20F, 23F) in me, but I fear recurring apathy.
How can I tell if my bff (f, 20) likes me (also f, 22) as more than friends?
My (27f) boyfriends (36m) manager (60sF) is overly involved/manipulative and we might break up over it
Feeling guilt about breakup
Help with compromising, in this case, pets
My (27f) boyfriend’s (36m) manager(60sF) is still being overly involved/manipulative and we might break up because of it
How do I trust again?
My gf(20F) is insecure and started posting selfies more often on social media (20M)
I (17M) feel very unwelcomed when I go to visit my adopted mother (37F) by her biological son (16M)
My (30F) Abusive Ex (30M) Is Getting Married...Do I Say Anything?
Boyfriends manager is on a power trip
I (24F) think I'm too emotionally unavailable and constantly self-sabotage my relationships, both romantic and platonic. There is a couple interested (20F, 23F) in me, but I fear recurring apathy.
My (30F) Abusive Ex (30M) Is Getting Married...Do I Say Anything?
I kissed my ex boyfriend when I came home from college! How do I tell my boyfriend at school?
Abusive Ex-Boyfriend Is Getting Married...Do I Say Anything?
How can I tell if my bff (f) likes me (f) as more than friends?
Guilt after breakup
Keep Them/Dump Them... What should you do when friends, out of the blue, start ghosting you?
Undecided
How to be alone again after being in a relationship for so long?
I went out with my ex when I got home from college last month. How do I tell my college boyfriend?
How to be single again after dating someone for a long time?
I went on the best date ever last night 🥺
What do I do? (F 28)(F 33)
My (28F) BF (26M) of two years has lied about his entire life
My friend's (27M) bf (25M) is kind of a douche to me. How can I cope?
We Need Help!
What do I do? (F 28)(F33)
My friend's bf is kind of a douche to me. How should I cope?
My (M 29) Girlfriend (F 29) has been extremely cold in her responses for over two weeks now.
I'm jealous and insecure and I'm In a dilemma(M20) my gf (F20)
I think my BF of 2 years has been lying about his entire life to me
Am I (23F) in the wrong for being upset that he (25M) wants to wait until quarantine is over to figure this out?
HELP
Am I (24F) "unreasonable" or "unrealistic" for wanting my future SO to be less visible with his instagram tastes?
does knowing that all relationships eventually end, prevent you when giving your all in relationships?
My boyfriend is obsessed with girls
my boyfriend is so pushy even though ive explained to him i dont appreciate it
girlfriend (20) makes me lose my mind
Is it over or can I still save the relationship?
pushy boyfriend
Ex (45M) angry at me (27F) for having a new boyfriend a year and a half after breaking up?
My ex boyfriend cheated on me and lied to me about multiple women, I forgave him, he did it again and again. I moved on, and now he’s angry?
I feel stuck in a limbo with my gf and I don't know how to proceed
Did what I had to in order to leave abusive relationship, still feel guilty
I'm concerned about my boyfriend's tendency to waste his money on games.
I just started living with my boyfriend.
Why has he stuck around and not ran away yet?
Confused
Is it over?
I [18F] am stuck in quarantine with my family and I am clearly everyone's least favorite
Me [28M] and my ex [25F] are probably about to give our relationship one more chance, 3rd try. Looking for advice on how to break the cycle.
Is there anything I can do to save this?
I [21F] cannot forgive my boyfriend’s [22M] sister and the resentment is making me second-guess our relationship.
The Instragram "like" feature is driving me crazy
my ex (26M) and i (25F) are talking again. i still have feelings for him but what are his intentions?
He [34M] wants to take our "situationship" to the extreme next level and wants me [33F] to move in. I am not sure if I am an idiot for considering it.
My girlfriend said she fell out of love with me.
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) is missing me too much on quarantine
I [21F] cannot forgive my boyfriend’s [22F] sister and my resentment is making me second-guess our relationship.
My (25M) girlfriend (23F) is missing me too much on quarantine
Just split up with my boyfriend who earns less than me and feel guilty.
Why do most guys I meet just want to hook up with me?
i need helpp
How to deal with being everyone's least favorite family member
Help on Mentoring an Abused Kid Starting High School
Me (23m) and my girlfriend (20f). I'm struggling to get over her past, I don't know what to do.
My girlfriend (f23) and I (m24) had a discussion and now she is giving me the cold shoulder
My partner (23/F) and I (26/M) are going to get an apartment together but I have strong reservations
My girlfriend said she fell out of love with me
Relationship finished- we are both trying to find some where to live. Feeling guilty I earn more than him.
Boyfriend (27M) more interested in video games than me (26F). Should I leave?
Boyfriend(27M) more interested in video games then me (26F)
Has anyone experienced frustration and irritation because someone else does nice things for them?
Need advice- How do I (26f) approach my husband (25m) about how much an assault by my ex (26m) is still affecting me? [NSFW]
My father is 100% against me taking an internship opportunity in another city
My partner (23/F) and I (26/M) are going to get an apartment together but I have strong reservations
Language Server Looking for Members
My irrational annoyance for my mother is preventing the quality family time that she wants.
Any suggestions
My (19F) boyfriend (21) is always making jokes about things he knows I’m insecure about.
Did I make a mistake?
[M20] Caught between my friend [M20] and my friend's ex [F19]
Wife doesn't have me listed as her beneficiary
My boyfriend is obsessed with his past girls. Is this a problem? Am I the problem?
Frustrated and Sad, been together 5 years and just don’t know anymore
I want to help my boyfriend, but I'm not sure how.
How do I (30M) help my girlfriend of 1-year (30F) who has become very distant due to issues she is having?
GF having doubts about relationship because I have a kid
Missing physical contact since breakup
My [27/f] boyfriend [34/m] broke up with me for analyzing too much. Please help me analyze this.
He strung me along.
Was I harsh for dumping this girl I matched with on tinder because of her behaviour?
Need some help with
He strung me along?
My mother (50F) told me my bf (25M) has been making advances at her
Do I [25F] spend too much time with my [26M] boyfriend?
Indian bf (23M) doesn't wanna let his family know about us (25F)
Hoping to get a new partner that likes the new experiences with me
My (21F) insecurities are destroying my relationship with my boyfriend (25M)
Is it normal if I never really want to take things further?
Is my bf (32) cheating on me (f30)? Is onlyfans cheating? Do I talk to him?
I [f25] don’t know how to break up with my boyfriend [25] of four years.
My birth mom is released from prison and its cuasing me alot of anxiety and depression.
Family can't accept my (30F) relationship with my SO (36M)
My (21F) insecurities are destroying my relationship with my boyfriend (25F)
My birth mother was released from prison and it has been cuasing depression and anxiety.
My (27f) boyfriend (34m) broke up with me for analyzing too much. Please help me analyze this.
Reluctant Wedding Guest
Successful relationship after cheating?
I [27F] am seriously concerned about my mom’s [50F] parenting (or lack thereof) of my younger sister [10F] who has behavioural issues stemming from diagnosed mental health problems. My mom is tired and I feel like she’s giving up on my sister.
My boyfriend treated me like a child while i was high
How to know his intentions?
Is my bf (32) cheating on me (f30)? Is onlyfans cheating? Do I talk to him?
My (18F) girlfriend is dishonest to me (18M) and has been deleting chats for a while now.
My [32F] fiance [34M] and I are so disappointed and frustrated with our neighbors and friends [36M] and [37F] for blatantly ignoring social/physical distancing and joining a large BBQ gathering in our complex. They even tried to invited us!
My sister (f28) is being combative because I (f22) am not working full-time. She wants me to work like she did?
I [19M] am still very sexually attracted to my best friend [20F]
Why do guys jerk in their sleep so much?
Why do guys jerk in their sleep so much?
Why do so many guys jerk in their sleeps and girls usually don’t?
Why do guys jerk in their sleep? Girls usually don’t in my experience and many others’
I 28f am angry my bf 27m doesn't want to interact with my friend 29f on a birthday zoom call
Casual partner left me for someone else, am I wrong to be upset?
I don’t feel happy in my relationship of 5 years anymore [21f] & [21m]
gaming problem
If you ask a guy if he likes you, would he be honest and tell you?
Quick advice about depressed and moody girlfriend
Casual partner left me for someone else out of the blue, am I wrong to be upset?
I 28f am unsure how to feel about my bf 27m not liking my friend and not wanting to say hi for a zoom birthday call
I (20/F) have been in a confusing and complicated situation with (24/M) for a year now.I’m stuck on what to do now.
I (f19) am romantically but not sexually attracted to my bf (m19)
Still married but confused
My [23] Gf [20] just broke up with me and I cant seem to pick head up
18m and 18f got into a bad argument and I'm being ignored, am I in the wrong?
Still married and confused.
[18m]Need advice regarding girlfriend[18f] who has bad confrontational skills
Ex-fiancée wants to travel, sleep around and spend his money buying things...but says he’s stilll in love with me.
[18m]Need advice regarding girlfriend [18f]dealing with things and her confrontation skills
My boyfriend (25M) got mad at me (26F) for telling him that WE shouldn’t go to his Dad’s friend’s bday party
Broken up with a friend / bf
Ex-fiancée wants to travel, sleep around and sink cash into retail therapy but says he still loves me.
Am I(18m) in the wrong for this argument with friend (18f)
Can you be Just Friends?!!
My boyfriend (25M) got mad at me (26F) for telling him that WE shouldn’t go to his Dad’s friend’s bday party
My wife wants me to hire a housekeeper even though she wants to be a stay at home mom.
Can you stay Just Friends?!!
I’m just so conflicted
In need of advice (21) female (21) male
Quarantine Radio Silence
My boyfriend can't keep a job because of his mental health and I'm worried for my future
Coping with being the odd man out
Am I too needy, or should I ask him to do a little more of the work?
Do you feel lonely ?
Confused and hopeful. Do I still have a chance with my ex?
I want to have a Happy relationship.
Am I just a needy, clingy bitch?
[23F] you are only a feminist when it fits.
My (20F) recent ex (20M) is overstepping boundaries often
I’m [19M] still sexually attracted to my best friend [20F]
My (20F) ex (20M) is having a hard time respecting my boundaries
I want to have a Happy relationship
Confused and hopeful. Do I still have a chance with my ex?
How to cope with being the odd man out?
Dad kicked our cat, need advice on what to say.
I (F24) don't know what just happened with him (M24)
My boyfriend cant keep a job because of his mental health and I'm worried for my future
Am I in a toxic/abusive relationship? Is my girlfriend controlling/manipulative?
It's been two years but I (f27) still think of when my spouse (m28) kissed a friend of mine.
How to cope with being the odd man out
Something is missing in my relationship!
Am I (32M) being selfish for wanting to pressure my wife (34F) into getting a new job? Married for 5 years.
I [26F] am scared my boyfriend [27M] won't want me when I'm old
My(19F) boyfriend (21m) wants to leave me.
Boyfriend (21M) (21F)will often agree to plans with his friends when we already made plans, and then ask me last minute to change plans
My (18F) boyfriend (23M) punishes me with space
My(19F) boyfriend (21m) wants to leave me.
I don’t know how I feel about my realtionship [21f] & [21m]
Confused. He'd be getting the same thing
Calling all gHSV-2+ females - experiences and advice sought
Drooling over another person
TL;DR - Constantly, and irrationally, annoyed by mom. Please Help.
My boyfriends dad is toxic and I don't know how to escape it
Drooling over person
I (27F) am jealous of my husband's (27M) friend (20sF)
Complicated attractions at work. Help!
My ex boyfriend called me crying last night,
How to deal with complicated situation with workplace attractions? Help!
How much should a partner sacrifice for your happiness?
My ex boyfriend called me crying last night.
Looking for gHSV-2+ females - experiences and advice sought
My insecurities with younger BF and my BF that still caught himself in the past have ruined the relationship. Am I doing the right thing to let him go?
Boyfriend of 2 years changing during the quarantine, any advice?
Am I too needy or is he not interested?
My (30m) partner (30f) told me about an affair she had in a past relationship and I can't let it go
We couldn't survive quarenteen.
Should you delete someone who ghosted you off social media? [25F] [25M]
I Cheated On My Boyfriend and I Sincerely Regret It
My husband (35M) says he no longer wants kids with me (30F) because of my neglect of children
How do I (21/M) deal with my SO (20/F) becoming more emotionally independent?
I [28F] found evidence that my husband [28M] downloaded Tinder, Grindr and Kik. How to confront?
Boyfriend Embarrassed After Crying In Front Of Me
My [37 M] son [21 M] is a loser, and I don't know what do do about it.
keeps texting me
My (23F) parents (57F, 61M) seem racist towards my boyfriend (25M)
How do I (21/M) deal with my SO (20/F) becoming more emotionally independent?
Keeps texting me
I like my ex boyfriend beat friend
I [30F] fucked up my relationship with my boyfriend [33M]
My (31F) fiance (35M) just lost his dream job two days ago. What can I do to keep his spirits up?
My (21F) mother (51F) has been in a toxic relationship almost 13 years.
Throwaway: my (21F) mother (51F) has been in a bad relationship almost 13 years now
My [30F] boyfriend [30M] crossed a line with his behavior during a fight. But I’m feeling guilty
I (M21) met an amazing girl (F20) while she was studying in the UK earlier this year. She had to go back to the US due to COVID-19 but she's moving here next year and I want to get back together then. Any similar stories/advise?
I’m [65F] considering cutting my brother [60M] out of my life
Am I a winter warmer? I (30, M) keep getting dumped at the same time of year.
Can you push your partner to cheat?
Am I just a winter warmer? Keep getting dumped at the same time of year.
My(24f) boyfriend (24M) never wants to talk about the future
Is it possible to push your partner to cheat?
[30F] need to know what is something you would tell someone to open their eyes to a toxic relationship
I've been dumped 3 times at this exact time of year. Am I just a winter warmer?
How to cope with mum and sister
I’m [65F] considering cutting my brother [60M] out of my life
Mum and sister making my life hell
Is my wife cheating?
My long distance boyfriend and I are having a dry spell and I feel like he isn't into me
No friends vs someone with a big social life
Repost: (30f) would like some encouragement. My bf (30m) pulled hair
Are platonic nudes to the opposite sex really platonic?
i (15m) am in love with my best friend (15f)
Are platonic nudes to the opposite sex really platonic?
I (28 F) am in the longest, healthiest relationship I have ever been in, but I can’t stop thinking about my ex
Boyfriend (38m) and I (33f) in swinging relationship for five years. I caught feelings for someone else.
Boyfriend (38m) and I (33f) in swinging relationship for five years. I have feelings for someone else and don't know what to do.
What could cause an abused child (12Y) to appear emotionally distant/disconnected when being interviewed by social services and giving only facts about the abuse (his grandfather is beating him) not showing any emotions or distress?
No friends vs someone with big social life
Asking for your help to make me (31f) laugh. I’m feeling guilty. My bf (30m) pulled my hair.
I (15 Male) am in love with one of my best friends (15f) (quite generic i know)
I’m [22F] worrying he [24M] may have seen an empty condom wrapper under my bed?
Can't get him out of mind! Help
Date [M47] is older than me [M29]. Can this become a normal relationship?
I (28 F) am in the healthiest relationship of my life, so why can’t I stop thinking about my ex?
Boyfriend's mother is naturally jealous and insensitive. Am I too tense/angry?
My mom [55F] told me [21F] that a good wife needs to give sex regardless of how she feels, is this true?
Fiancee (30/m) loses interest after 5 years of relationship.
Is my (17F) boyfriend (18M) of two years just lazy? Or lazy in the relationship?
promise ring
Proving loyalty to my so called bf.
I found out my boyfriend of two years had been on tinder, what do I do?
I need to prove loyalty. Please help
Ex(20F) had a close friendship with her ex(20M) and I(20M) didn't say nothing.
I f*d up and I have no idea how to fix it
Can't get him off my mind!!! (Rambling)
My Ex(20F) had a friendly relationship with her ex(20M) alongside us dating.
Help
My girlfriend made a post about me being jealous about 10 days ago, and I want to explain why since she didnt.
What Are The Signs A Woman Wants To Be Approahced.
So my girlfriend (16f) made a post here about 10 days ago, saying i was jealous and skeptic?
I'm (f/19) super frustrated because of my ex-boyfriend (m/20) who was never ready for a conversation.
My (F26) moms (F58) behaviour is completely out of control. She just performed an exorcism on me during an arguement..
Age difference when dating
i have no clue what to do please help
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
I am thinking seriously about suicide but I don't have the balls to do it
Didn't know I could love someone so much that the thought of them brings me happy tears
EYE CONTACT
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
Does anyone else feel like they’re never truly making friends/friends you do make are jealous and not supportive of you? Is it me [24F] or them?
Eye Contact
Help with angry loved one
Eye contact
He (40M) is angry, disrespectful, preoccupied and distant and has started therapy. I am so bone tired, how do I (34F) support my partner without falling apart?
Totally unable to "work" with your partner.
Help with my angry significant other
Does anyone else feel like they’re never truly making friends/friends you do make are jealous and not supportive of you? Is it me [24F] or them?
Can I(21M) ever be forgiven for swearing at my partner(21F)?
Relationship problems
I want to suicide to escape the future but I haven't the balls to do it
My boyfriend adds random girls on FB and Insta . Me : 22,F Him : 24,M
My ex (21F) and I (22M) went through a difficult time together and she hasn't been able to fully heal from it.
My (22F) relationship is amazing and it scares me
My mother doesn't know how to store food anymore
I (m25) addressed some concerns to my girlfriend (f23) and now I am getting the cold shoulder
Cuddling issues
Feeling inadequate when compared to girlfriend's(22F) old FWB(23M)
I (24) think I am in love with best friend/coworker (26), but I already rejected him in the past.
Is it possible to control a relationship which starts off as being long distance?
I [25F] am unsure about my relationship with [28M] of a year and half
Need help catching my friend’s boyfriend cheating
How do I get my boyfriend to mature more and get more life experience?
I [25F] cant tell if I'm in a unhealthy relationship or not with my partner [28M] of one and half years
Feeling inadequate when compared to girlfriend's(22F) old FWB(23M)
I need help catching a friend’s boyfriend who is cheating on her
How do you split household chores with a partner that has different cleanliness/organizational standards than you?
I don’t know where to go from here
I need help catching my BFFs cheating boyfriend
I Need Help
I don’t know where to go from here
Overall I’m just so conflicted
Looking for Clarity on a Possible Mental Health issue
I (M,27) still love my girlfriend (F,27) of 10 years very much but I'm now also in love with another girl (F,29) for almost a year
Pregnant in a one sided relationship but in love
Starting off a relationship almost long distance, how do I not screw this up?
Overall I’m just conflicted
I(20M) is disrespectfull to my parents.
I (M,27) still love my girlfriend (F,27) of 10 years very much but I'm now also in love with another girl (F,29) for almost a year
3 months together and pregnant but what to do next
I am a disrespectifull towards my parent
3 months and pregnant what to do next
My girlfriend has been cheating emotionally and physically
Idk what to do about my gf cheating emotionally and physically. Found out a few hours ago
I don’t know where to go from here
My girlfriend cheated on me emotionally and physically and I found out cause of snapmap
Pregnant after 3 months and so undecided
My boyfriend is so clingy
How can I convince my gf to get a navel piercing?
Commitment issues - advice for getting over it?
Is running with a different girl cheating?
My father refuses to let me take an internship that I really want
My father is not letting me take an internship offer I want
I 21M was asked to run from another girl. Is this considered cheating?
Is running with another girl cheating?
Is it cheating if I go run with another girl?
Reality Check Needed re: Extremity of Unhealthy Behavior
I’ve been cheated on 3 relationships in a row. Is cheating inevitable?
I [23F] want more sex with my bf [25M] but scared of pressuring him
I really, really think I found true love :3
I (24F) am an extreme introvert/lone wolf and I can't stand texting. My girlfriend (33F) of 5 months is the total opposite.
Guilty about infidelity of mine [20f], not sure whether to tell my boyfriend [22m] of five months as it happened so early in the relationship
Being abandoned
Who's 'fair game' after a break up?
Forming an unexpected relationship with an age gap of 11 years
Forming an unexpected relationship with an age gap of 11 years
Relationship with an expiration date, with a dash of poly & BDSM
Forming an unexpected relationship with an age gap of 11 years
Who's 'fair game' after a break up?
In need of some advice (21) Female (21) Male
How much should a partner sacrifice for your happiness?
What Is Up With My Brother's Girlfriend?
How much should a partner sacrifice for your happiness?
Why does my girlfriend get drunk all the time, and when she does why does she overdue it?
Need help!!!
My (m24) ex girlfriend (f21) left me after meeting someone’s else...third week in a row she’s texted me now..this time she asked if I wanted to play the card game “we’re not really Strangers” do I not reply or remind her what she did to me? Why is she doing this to me after leaving me?
My (m24) ex girlfriend (f21) left me after meeting someone’s else...third week in a row she’s texted me now..this time she asked if I wanted to play the card game “we’re not really Strangers” do I not reply or remind her what she did to me?
Insecurities (21) Female
My (m24) ex girlfriend (f21) left me after meeting someone’s else. Once a week for the last 3 weeks she has managed to try to reach out to me but this time was weird. She wanted to play the game WNRS. This game is all about deep emotional conversations...
Am I a backseat driver?(21F)(28F)
Insecurities (21) Female
I messed up
Idk what happened between my [24M] interaction with my crush [23F]. Any advice?
Committed to a college last night and my parents haven’t congratulated me once
Committed to a college last night and my family hasn’t congratulated me once
I [30F] am not physically attracted to my boyfriend [40M]
Family trip without my boyfriend? What do I do?
Committed to a college yesterday and my parents haven’t congratulated me once
Why does my girlfriend get drunk all the time, and when she does why does she overdue it?
Is it normal to not want to talk to my girlfriend right now? I am a (M17) and a sophomore in high school and she is a (F17) Junior high school , and ever since quarantine I have been wanting to do other things like Play CS:GO or Subnautica and Watch Youtube in some parts of my day, is this bad?
my(21f) bf(34m) ignores everything i like in bed
I'm (24F) getting frustrated with my boyfriend's (24M) laziness and I don't know what to do.
I'm a yankee and he's a Confederate. Can it work?
Should I be worried about my boyfriends relationship with his best friend who’s a girl?
Update: Me and My Girlfriend Cuddling Too Much?
my(21f) bf(34) ignores everything i like in bed (TMI)uwu
My (33/F) husband (36/M) has become a jerk while in quarantine
Update: Me and My Girlfriend Cuddle Too Much?
What happened here?
I have a negative firend that is causing me problems with my personal life and creative works
Is it me (27f)?
Is it me?
I really need help, feel as though i’ve ruined everything in my relationship
Do I tell her, or do I keep it to myself?
i think im getting impatient with his mum
My (20f) bf (23m) is uncomfortable with our living situation and wants me to move to his families house.
How to stop taking my boyfriends video game usage and therefore lack of texting so personal? (19f, 21m)
Girl (21F) I am (22M) 'seeing' has an obsessive ex-boyfriend (21M)
i think im growing impatient with his mum
tired of being patient with his mum
I think my Gf is ghosting me
I have a negative firend that is causing me problems with my personal life and creative works. --- **tl;dr**: How do i deal with this friend?
People who have been in open relationships: how did you know it was right for you and what advice would you give others?
24M relationship issue with 22F
My boyfriend's phone usage [34/m] drives me [29/f] crazy, and he won't acknowledge it's an issue.
I Want to Maks Sure I'm Treating My GF Right
Honestly have no idea if I’m being abused
Seeking advice. Please help. (M28)
Boyfriend wants to stay in relationship but I feel like I'm abusing him
Seeking advice. Please help. (M28)
Girl (21F) I am (22M) 'seeing' has a obsessive ex-boyfriend (21M)
My (29m) gf (22f) talked about cheating but says its fake news
Seeking advice. Please help.
I (F27) don’t know if he (M29) is the one?
Expectations
Balancing assertiveness with kindness
Update: How do I (19f) learn to deal with (21m) not being a big texter?
I'm a yankee and he's a Confederate. Can it work?
I went out with my ex when I got home from college last month. How do I tell my college boyfriend?
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) talks down to me and refuses to see it or admit it
My (29m) gf (22f) has made up cheating stories to friends in a group chat.
I have a negative firend that is causing me problems with my personal life and creative works.
How do I handle a breakup
Feeling really down lately bc of quarantine
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) talks down to me and refuses to see it or admit it
How do I (22F)get my Mom(50) and my Best Friend (23F) to stand eachother again?
I went out with my ex when I got home from college last month. How do I tell my college boyfriend?
Would I (21/F) be an asshole if I cut off my FWB (26/M) out of the blue?
I [30F] am not physically attracted to my boyfriend [40M] of 1 year
My boyfriend continues to lie to me about his drinking & I don’t know what to do about it
My boyfriend lied about using a condom when he hooked up with his ex and now I don’t trust him.
If you date a girl who already has children, you are a simp.
I'm a yankee and he's a Confederate. Can it work?
Husband can’t even take a piss without his phone- Venting session and Q&A
Academic study on romantic relationship and time together + how/if the COVID-19 shelter in place order has affected relationship quality
I went out with my ex when I got home from college last month. How do I tell my college boyfriend?
This girl (24f) doesn't appear to be honest with me(25m). Am I overthinking?
[Academic] study on romantic relationship and time together + how/if the COVID-19 shelter in place order has affected relationship quality
My boyfriend lied about using a condom when he hooked up with his ex and now I don’t trust him
My (19M) long distance girlfriend (19F) of a year and a half kissed another guy a few months ago and, after being broken up for 3 weeks, I forgave her and we got back together. Today, I found out she slept with two guys while we were broken up
I (24m) left my (22f) girlfriend, still worried the problem is me
(24m) left my (22f) girlfriend, still worried the problem is me
Thoughts on creeping on your SO’s text messages? Fair game or over the line?
I have a negative firend that is causing me problems with my personal life and creative works.
Quarantine Relationship Struggles
Domestic violence sensitive
How do you ever truly accept the fact that he will always be desperately in love with his ex?
My [23F] boyfriend [25M] chose to help his mom move instead of me. Now he's upset with me because I'm upset about it.
How can I (27F) help my fiance (26M) choose the right career path for him?
Domestic violence sensitive
I caught COVID-19 and ruined my relationship. Is it possible to fix it?
Domestic violence (serious issue please be aware)
My mom doesn’t have the courage to be confrontational
During quarantine my fiance [28M] spends more time with his bestfriend than me [26F]
I want to believe in him. I want to believe in us. I also just want to cry all of the time.
Does my friend and crush have a gf/bf relationship going on?
I Hurt My Sister's Relationship
My mom doesn’t have to courage to be confrontational to her “gossipers” and takes her anger out on family when it should be the other way around
Emotions is a priority to me.
has your significant other ever had you stop talking to your best friend because they were jealous? if you did do it, did you feel guilty? tell me your side.
My GF (26F) broke up with me (22M) and I can't feel it
has your significant other ever had you stop talking to your best friend because they were jealous? if you did do it, did you feel guilty? tell me your side.
My (F22) close friend/housemate (F22) has been drifting since our other housemates (F22 & M22) moved in, and she started seeing a new guy (M20)
My boyfriend’s sister walked in on us, what do i do??
I (18m) am having trouble dealing with how my girlfriend (21f) has been feeling.
I (18m) am having trouble dealing with how my girlfriend (21f) is feeling.
Is "finding yourself" a legitimate reason to break up a good relationship?
I [18M] think my girlfriend [22F] still has feelings for someone she met before me. Is it worth staying with someone who settled for you as a second option ?
Should I ask my boyfriend about his possible crossdressing? He doesn’t know that i know.
My (19 F) boyfriend (19 M) has been talking to me way less during quarantine.
I [16M] ignored a girl [16F] trying to get my attention at 1 AM, and she's angry at me. How do I cool her down?
My (26f) boyfriend (25m) hit me - and it’s not the first time.
I [26F] don’t think I can be a stepmom
How do I [22F] get my parents [52F/55M] to let me move out?
Things got a little too rough during "play time" with my honey now he is acting aloof
My (26f) boyfriend (41m) is using social media to follow women and get off to them.
How do I [22F] get my parents [52F/55M] to let me move out?
Avoidant partner and anxious partner
My [22F] parents [53F/55M] will not let me move out.
I need help
Girlfriend and I have different priorities
I can’t loose the love of my life, how do I get her back?
I want to apologize to my (19F) Ex gf
Me Asexual [32 Female] with my none asexual husband [34 male] 12 years, He is indecisive atm he doesn't know if he wants to be single or stay in our marriage. Should I give him time?
Is he(36M) leading me(28F) on?
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) told me he was talking to another girl for the past week
Really Bad Anxiety
I (29F) recently got broken up with over messenger by my ex (25M). I'm wondering if anyone else has been broken up with this way and what your reaction was?
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) told me he was talking to another girl for the past week
I can’t loose the love of my life
Really Bad Anxiety
Signs he doesn’t care?? Am I missing something??
I want to apologize to my (19F) ex gf
How do I (18f) deal with toxic family in quarantine?
Not His Type
I can’t loose the love of my life
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) told me he was talking to another girl for the past week
Not His Type
Not His Type
How do I (18f) deal with toxic family in quarantine?
What should I do about my friend who found out about reddit account against my will?
I want to apologize to my ex GF (19F)
Unseeing nudes
I got my BF (M46) an anniversary gift and he didn’t do anything for me (F44)
I (16F) think I should break up with my boyfriend (16M) of 5 months because of our unfortunate relationship circumstances
Cheating with a married man and I probably accidentally let his wife know.
People who praise themselves
Single [F]orever?
Bridesmaid regret
My mom [49F] wont stop harassing me [24M] about going outside?
People who praise themselves?
Single forever?
What can I (24m) do to make friends? I'm boring, low self esteem and have been trying to meet people on the appropriate subreddits like r/r4r and r/meetnewpeople but either people don't respond, or they are obviously not interested in continuing to talk to me. Losing my mind with no friends
Am I (f24) being selfish or is my mom (f55) being inconsiderate?
Is he (36M) leading me (28F) on?
Ex boyfriend never did anything for me buys new girl stuff
How do I talk to my mom about my sisters abusive treatment of her fiancee?
Boyfriend (35M) doesn't love me (34F) anymore
My boyfriend [25M] tried to do a concerning prank on me [27F]?
I’m feeling a bit codependent.
Please help me!!
Help me please!!
Help me please!!
advice please
advice please
Help me please!!
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
Help me please!!
Help me please!!
Help me please!!
Help me please!!
Help me please!!
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
My girlfriend’s (25F) cat is driving me(22M) insane.
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
What can I (24m) do to make friends? I'm boring, low self esteem and have been trying to meet people on the appropriate subreddits like r/r4r and r/meetnewpeople but either people don't respond, or they are obviously not interested in continuing to talk to me. Losing my mind with no friends
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
Boyfriend [18] girlfriend [17]. Gf never compliments me or tries to give me attention.
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) or not
He is suddenly being distant and says he is busy - Me (30F) and my boyfriend (28M)
How do I get along better with my BF’s Asian parents?
He is suddenly being distant and says he is busy
He is suddenly being distant and says he is busy
He is suddenly being distant and says he is busy
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) or not
Should I ask my boyfriend about his possible crossdressing? He doesn’t know that i know.
How do I get along better with my BF’s Asian parents?
Hhvvhj
Once a cheater always a cheater?
My boyfriend [25M] tried to do a concerning prank on me [27F]?
I [18M] think my girlfriend [22F] still has feelings for someone she met before me. Is it worth staying with someone who settled for you as a second option ?
I [18M] think my girlfriend [22F] still has feelings for someone she met before me. Is it worth staying with someone who settled for you as a second option ?
Me Asexual [32 Female] with my none asexual husband [34 male] 12 years,He is indecisive atm he doesn't know if he wants to be single or stay in our marriage, He wants me to stay and work on our marriage while he him self are not committed to the idea.
I [18M] think my girlfriend [22F] still has feelings for someone she met before me. Is it worth staying with someone who settled for you as a second option ?
Boyfriend demanding a legal contract because I have suicidal thoughts
I [18M] think my girlfriend [22F] still has feelings for someone she met before me. Is it worth staying with someone who settled for you as a second option ?
Boyfriend demanding a legal contract because I have suicidal thoughts
Boyfriend demanding a legal contract because I have suicidal thoughts
Boyfriend demanding a legal contract because I have suicidal thoughts
Boyfriend demanding a legal contract because I have suicidal thoughts
I [18M] think my girlfriend [22F] still has feelings for someone she met before me. Is it worth staying with someone who settled for you as a second option ?
I [18M] think my girlfriend [22F] still has feelings for someone she met before me. Is it worth staying with someone who settled for you as a second option ?
How to get along with my boyfriend’s Asian parents
How to get along with my boyfriend’s Asian parents
Advice please?
Advice please?
How to get along with my boyfriend’s Asian parents
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact an ex-friend (15f)
Discussion:
Boyfriend needs CONSTANT communication on the phone.
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) or not
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact an ex-friend (15f)
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact an ex-friend (15f)
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact an ex-friend (15f)
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) or not
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
Is asking for nudes from other girls and hiding it from me cheating?
Is asking for nudes from other girls and hiding it from me cheating?
Boyfriend doesn’t do ANYTHING around the house.
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
I don't like him anymore...
I'm (19F) mad at my brother (14M) because he's an Internet troll
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
Boyfriend doesn’t do ANYTHING around the house.
I don't like him anymore...
Boyfriend doesn’t do ANYTHING around the house.
My boyfriend [25m] tried to do a weird prank on me [27f]?
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
My girlfriend’s cat is driving me insane.
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact an ex-friend (15f) or not
Me(M21) in the process of fixing things with ex(F21) of 3 years
Dating advice is this a deal breaker
Me(M21) texting with my ex(F21)
Dating advice is this a red flag
M(21) in the process of fixing things with ex F(21)
I (27f) don't know if I should let my mum(50) move in.
M(21) in the process of fixing things with ex F(21)
Me asexual [32 F] with my none asexual husband [34 M] 12 years, He is currently indecisive torn between being single or working things out. Should I wait give him time or just let go?
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact an ex-friend (15f)
M(21) in the process of fixing things with ex F(21)
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact an ex-friend (15f)
Can't get him off my mind!!! (Rambling)
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact my ex-friend (15f)
I (16f) can’t decide if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) again
É POSSÍVEL TER EQUILÍBRIO EMOCIONAL MESMO DIANTE DOS DESAFIOS DE SER RELACIONAR COM OS OUTROS
19[F] questioning if I should emotionally distance myself from mutual friends.
I’m (16f) wondering if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) again
I’m (16f) wondering if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) again
I’m (16f) wondering if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) again
I’m (16f) wondering if I should contact my ex-friend (15f) again
Am I wasting my time with her? Any advice would be helpful!!
Am I wasting my time with her? Any advice would be helpful!!
My [25F] boyfriend [24M] tried to prank me with something upsetting.
Boyfriend (35M) doesn't love me (34F) anymore
I'm (19F) mad at my brother (14M) because he's an Internet troll
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
Need advice: I'm about to go on my first date!
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] want to break up with GF [26, F] of 6 years due to her obesity (see comment for story)
Advice
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending a 6-year relationship with GF [26, F] due to her obesity
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending a 6-year relationship with GF [26, F] due to her obesity
I (19M) am attracted to a girl (19F) who looks like my older brother? Is that normal?
Can't get a guy out of my head (Rambling post)
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] want to break up with GF [26, F] of 6 years due to her obesity (see comment for story)
Heavy Metal Dating Advice
Heavy Metal Dating Advice
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending a 6-year relationship with GF [26, F] due to her obesity
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending a 6-year relationship with GF [26, F] due to her obesity
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
I [26, M] can’t stop thinking of ending my 6 year relationship with my gf [26, F] because of her obesity.
Should I ask my boyfriend about his possible crossdressing? He doesn’t know that i know.
Should I ask my boyfriend about his possible crossdressing? He doesn’t know that i know.
My GF is furious because of my art work?
19[F] questioning if I should emotionally distance myself from mutual friends.
My GF is furious because of my art work?
My GF is furious because of my art work?
Boyfriend needs CONSTANT communication on the phone.
What can I (24m) do to stop having low self esteem so I can be myself / make friends?
I'm (19F) mad at my brother (14M) just because he's an Internet troll
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) can't separate his work life from his home life and it's taking a toll on our relationship
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) can't separate his work life from his home life and it's taking a toll on our relationship
urgent help
urgent help
I’ve been texting my ex and neither of our S/O know about it
I’ve been texting my ex and neither of our S/O know about it
I’ve been texting my ex and neither of our S/O know about it
Can't get a guy out of my mind, even when all logic says I need to. (Rambling post)
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) can't separate his work life from his home life and it's taking a toll on our relationship
should i break up with him?
should i break up with him?
Help me I’m stuck!
My (24F) boyfriend (28) can't separate his personal life from his work life and it's starting to take a toll on us
I'm (19F) irrationally furious with my brother (14M) because he's an Internet troll
I'm (24m) boring and have low self esteem and literally no real friends. What the hell should I do to make myself more interesting / skilled at conversations?
Avoidant partner and an anxious partner
Is it okay for me to ignore my girlfriend?
Me(29F), my best friend (28M) and his friend (33F) are in a love triangle . After weeks of him acting off, I confronted him about it and he said that his feelings have become, "more clear" and "less romantic"
Girlfriend (17f) is mad I don’t wanna get a vasectomy
Doomsday Prepper cousins have cut us off from our grandmother
Girlfriend (17f) is mad I don’t wanna get a vasectomy
My boyfriend wants me to constantly be on the phone with him. Please help!!
Everyone says that ultimatums are a big no-no in relationships, but is there a time that they are justified?
My (20M) Mom takes all my money and I’m unable to save anything
Anything sexual with my gf is now weird.
Brother addicted to heroin for 4+ years. Parents just found out. His behavior towards us has been unacceptable. How/when/should I forgive him?
constant talking
My [F18] boyfriend [M18] of over a year is not willing to do long distance.
(Mid 30s, 15 years) My significant other and I have been trying to have a baby...
Clingyness
Why does EVERY guy I speak to reply slow?
My partner of 1 year isn't taking care of himself and it's impacting me too. (29M, 23F)
How do I (26F) become better at approaching my dating preference, when I'm not their type?
Would you be mad/bothered that your current GF/BF slept with other people when you guys first started talking? (M20/F20)
Should I wait to breakup with my( F18) boyfriend(M20) until I can give him some money?
Husband puts job above family
I’m stuck and don’t know what to do
am I (19f) overreacting about our argument (21m)?
Ghosted for the first time
Should I wait to give my (F18) boyfriend (M20) money to breakup with him?
i need new friends online
My [F18] boyfriend [18] of over a year does not want to do long distance.
Does abusing an abuser make me an abuser?
Don’t know if I should believe this..
Why are some men so lousy at caring for their sick wives?
Should I confront my roommate about not telling me sooner that my ex was talking to her about our relationship behind my back?
Ghosted for the first time
Would you be mad/bothered that your current GF/BF slept with other people when you guys first started talking?
My (22/f) friend (23/f) is way too emotional for me and I don't know what to do.
I’d like some help please
I (21M) might be addicted to my SO (19F) of 6 months...
What can I even do?
He ghosted next out of the blue
Should I confess to ex’s girlfriend?
I'm feeling like my boyfriend's (21m) feelings about me (20f) have changed
I am sick of hearing about my (26f) bf (24m) new job.
My boyfriend follows alter account
Friend zone
My (28f) boyfriend (30m) is very stressed and having mental health issues and I want to leave during lockdown.
Emotional hangover from arguing with boyfriend
What could cause an irrational fear of intimacy for someone who hasn't experienced trauma?
Lack of sex
For those of you who forgave or got over a cheating ex and moved on, how long did it take and how did you do it?
My (23F) lazy unreliable (26M) husband is making me crazy
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) is moving two hours away, and I'm conflicted
I feel like me (23 F) and my gf (26 F) aren't really friends, is this normal?
My (23F) immature (26M) husband is making me more depressed.
Did I ruin my relationship by asking my bf to help around the house more?
My (29m) boyfriend (30m) is unhappy with his stress-eating/weight gain during quarantine and I don't know how to help him
For those of you who forgave or got over a cheating ex and moved on, how long did it take and how did you get to that point?
I feel like me (23 F) and my gf (26 F) aren't really friends, is this normal?
Am I (23F) an asshole for misconstruing a relationship with someone(24M)?
How to know when your partner is truly in love with you? How to know when you are in love?
Emotional hangover from arguing
How to tell my(20M) girlfriend(19F) not to worry, without making her feel invalid?
Friend zone?
What should a man do when he likes a woman
No engagement after 6 years.
Friend zone
Been together for 6 years - no proposal - so many excuses
Did I experience parentification?
How to know when your partner is truly in love with you? How to know when you are in love?
I (46f) think I may have ruined my sex life.
What a man does when he likes a woman
Help with dad's (55m) relationship with close family friend(55f)
Friend zone
Is it petty of me (F27) to make a tinder since my bf (M30) has an onlyfans
Me (26f) is unhappy with bf (28 m ) for not thinking of to include me with group chat but maybe I'm being unreasonable?
30 F with 32M husband for 5 years needs opinion on self pleasure
I [26F] keep getting attracted to quiet men who never talk to me and idk why
(24F) seeking advice for meeting my boyfriend’s (34M) two little girls (4F, 7F)
30F with 32M husband together for 5 years needs advice about self pleasure
I (M27) had an affair with an individual (identity protected) who wanted to keep our actions secret from their romantic partner. It was fun, but led me to question the nature of “white lies” and honesty in a way I haven’t had to face before.
Keeping things alive while in these uncertain times.
I [18F] feel like breaking up with my [18M] boyfriend after he neglected my dog while dogsitting
Interracial dating?
I (26 f) am offered by bf (28 m) for not including me but maybe I'm being unreasonable...
My boyfriend (20) of 3 months spends more time with his girl best friend (16) than with me (18)
I am 30F with 32M husband married for 5 Years needs opinion on self pleasure
Help with dad's new relationship with close family friend
Interracial dating?
I’m (24F) am looking for advice for meeting my boyfriend’s (34M) two little girls (4F, 7F)
[TABOO] IS IT OK OR NOT OK FOR YOUR MAN TO PLEASE HIMSELF?
Is it OK or NOT OK for their significant other to jack off? Why does no one talk about this???
A Broken Heart & Attempted Suicide
I (36f) am all over the place and need help
how dr kubala save my marriage
Boyfriend won’t move in with me; am I wrong to be upset??
Am I the ...
My emotionally abusive ex boyfriend made a public post on Facebook telling everyone I’m emotionally abusive. Please help
My emotionally abusive ex boyfriend made a public post on Facebook telling everyone I’m emotionally abusive. Please help
I want my sex drive back
Is leaving considered toxic parent behaviour?
My ex?bf (17M) just ghosted me (17F) and I don’t know how to cope with it
Was this insecurity or intuition?
Some of my (F 22) boyfriends (M 27) friends make me feel unwanted/uncomfortable because theyre still friends with his ex. I feel like the shitty replacement.
my gf(26w) father(50m) has a problem with me(29m)
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and still a virgin. No attractive women 20sF like me. I hate my life because attractive women don't like me. I hate husbands of the women who rejected me. My life sucks because attractive women don't like me.
Long distance relationship
Boyfriend Won’t Move In With Me?
Should we get a divorce?
I'm honestly not sure if I want to get back with my ex
my gf(26w) father(50m) has a problem with me(29m)
My gf(26) father(50M) has a problem with me(29M)
Not sure whether I should get back together with my ex
My (26f) boyfriend (28m) hates his own birthday
Long distance relationship
Some of my (F 22) boyfriends (M 27) friends make me feel unwanted/uncomfortable because theyre still friends with his ex. I feel like the shitty replacement.
I (19M) Don’t Know What to Do Next About This (18F) Girl.
My (20M) parents are going through a divorce and my mom's asking for potentially upwards of 1500$ for the legal fees
Am I the...
is my (25F) ex (26M) friendzoning me?
I [25F] want to talk to my partner [27M] about getting married, but he hates weddings.
My (43m) roommate is being unreasonable regarding my (20f) want to move.
my ldr boyfriend (16ftm) is uncomfortable with me (16ftm) exploring my identity and becoming more effeminate
My (24f) roommate/childhood best friend (23f) is breaking our lease because she wants to move in with her boyfriend.
Girls like my(23/f) boyfriend(24/m) because he’s attractive, interesting, intelligent, humble, funny and honest. All the things that drew me to him also draw lots of other girls to him. It makes me crazy!
Please help me
Girls like my(23/f) boyfriend(24/m) because he’s attractive, interesting, intelligent, humble, funny and honest. All the things that drew me to him also draw lots of other girls to him. It makes me crazy!
How do I tell my roommate I hate our other roommate/her boyfriend?
I [M25] am getting moaned at daily for petty things daily by my girlfriend [F26]
How do I tell my roommate I hate her boyfriend/learn to deal with him
Girls like my boyfriend because he’s attractive, interesting, intelligent, humble, funny and honest. All the things that drew me to him also draw lots of other girls to him. It makes me crazy!
Take part in science! Two brief online survey about your personal attitudes, experiences, and well-being
I [25F] want to discuss marriage with my partner [27M] who doesn't like weddings. Not sure how to compromise.
My (29/F) roommate (29/M) and his visitors are driving me and my boyfriend (29/M) absolutely insane during this quarantine period.
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
How do women feel about a guy using a strap-on with them in bed?
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
Please Help Me
My(m20) girlfriend(f20) is obsessed with me and is only be stable around me. What do I do?
What is up with my (24 F) boyfriend (29 M)?
discovered (32F) husband on flirting site (37M)
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
Did I make the right choice of moving on from a possible long lasting relationship?
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
My (19F) long-distance boyfriend (22M) has been acting hot and cold recently and it is pushing me away.
My (19F) long-distance boyfriend (22M) is acting hot and col recently and it is pushing me away.
Mixed Signals...
My [42F] husband [44F] got us cats after I said I was allergic; I rehomed them and now everyone's mad at me
Would I Be Out of Line If I Told My Best Friend We Should Either Be In a Relationship or Stop Hanging Out?
Mixed Signals...
Would I Be Out of Line If I Told My Best Friend We Should Either Be In a Relationship or Stop Hanging Out?
I (18F) am exhibiting toxic behaviors in my relationship
Feel lost
I (19f) am not sure if I should continue the relationship with my (16m) bf
Girl stole guy I was dating, made him get legal action
In Shock
Is he (31M) trying to tell me that doesn’t want anything long term with me (27F), or am I reading too much into it?
Anyone had the nagging irritation of different musical tastes than your partner?
Trying to decide if I should ask for my ex (25F) to give me (28M) one more chance after a 2 months of no contact
Could my dreams be subconscious self sabotage?
Slow response times
I[24 M] am talking to my ex [22 F] again, I think I might fall for her again, but I don't want to. Can't decide
Am I(23F) overthinking/insecure about my bf(24M) relationship with his exes?
I [27M] feel like I need to ghost a close friend [28F] because I'm in love with her
My (24 M) best friend (23F) is moving. Should I tell her how I feel?
How to get a girlfriend in 5 simple steps?
Slow response times
My [25/F] brother [21/M] keeps going put to see friends and it's really testing our family
How can I (30F) talk/put my point forward to my pregnant wife (30F) without creating a fight
It feels like my [24/M] boyfriend is taking me [19/F] for granted and is starting to lack interest, what do?
My (31f) SO (28m) lies about where he went, but I feel like how I know will cause denial and an argument if I bring it up.
I got turned off my gf (21) I’m (23) please help I am thinking of breaking up with her
Paranoid Father Keeps Sending Conspiracy Theories and Advice My Way (Even After Requesting That He Stop)
Gf (21) who was 20 at the time slept with a dude 10 years older than her in work in a back of a car I feel disgusted and turned off by this I had high standards of her I’m thinking of breaking up with her any help would be appreciated I’m (23) male
Am I just overthinking?
I think my friend set me up to pimp me
Am I just overthinking?
I'm an Introvert and it's becoming a problem
Am I just overthinking? Relationship advice
How should I (18F) communicate that I don’t wish to continue a friendship with my ex-friend (18F)?
I (25F) started to develop feelings for my roommate (26M) during the quarantine. What should I do?
Pretty sad story about me being left in the cold by a girl I liked need advice.
Is this friend a creep, and what's his intent?
We broke up today. I feel like it’s all my fault.
My boyfriend (28) often doesn’t believe me (F26) or thinks I’m overreacting
Gf slept with a dude 10 years older than her in work in back of a car I feel sick and turned off by her I had a high standard of her I’m thinking of breaking up any help would be good
I (25F) started to develop feelings for one (26M) of my roommates during the quarantine and don't know what to do
A kind-of friend (22F) has disappeared on me (22F)
How can I talk/put my point forward to my pregnant wife without creating a fight
Paranoid Father Keeps Sending Conspiracy Theories and Advice My Way (Even After Requesting That He Stop)
My (16f) ex-boyfriend (17m) overdosed the other day & is in the hospital and I don't know what to do
I(23M) have recently started talking to my ex(21F) again.
Long term couples - what has your sex life been like during covid?
I'm struggling since my break up with what to do (pregnancy also involved)
How should I (18F) communicate that I don’t wish to continue a friendship with my ex-friend (18F)?
I (M19) seriously think I resent my ex (f19).
How should I (18F) communicate that I don’t wish to continue a friendship with my ex-friend (18F)?
My ex cuts herself... because of me!
Time to cut my losses?
I (M19) think I actually resent my ex (F19)
How should I communicate that I don’t wish to continue a friendship with someone?
Time to cut my losses?
How do I deal with my brother's rude in-laws?
My Brother's rude In-Laws
Housemate to break social distancing?
My brother's rude in-laws
Issues with my boyfriend’s best friend/ex
Is this friend a creep, and what's his intent?
Relationship lacking intimacy outside of sex
Was what my uncle did with me [14F then] normal?
I don't know what to do. Any advice is welcomed.
I Believe My Girlfriend Suffers From Depression — But She Won't Get Help
Issues with my boyfriend’s best friend/ex
What is the best way for me (16F) to get over my fear of being affectionate again?
Mixed race relationship
Why is it that some women jump from one thing to another with no shame
Mixed Race Relationship
Starting to like my ex-roommates ex-boyfriend
My husband (36m) after 10 years has started to cross dress. I (33f) feel alone and detached from the relationship.
My (F20) boyfriend (M25) breaks down whenever he is facing any kind of problem.
Mixed race relationship
Was I wrong for telling off my coworker?
I really like my roommate last years ex-boyfriend?
How can I keep the spark alive in a relationship that is long-distance/separated due to quarantine?
My partner(F26) has lost her sex drive. She says I(M33) can have a girl on the side. Any advice on how to make his work?
Was it wrong of me to tell off my coworker? I feel like she deserved it?
How do i keep my relationship intresting?
My partner(F) has lost her sex drive and say I(M) can have another girlfriend if it makes me happy.
I don’t know if I should stay in my current relationship
My partner let’s their dog shit in the house and I’m repulsed
Insecurity? Or intuition.. you be the judge
I don’t know if I should stay in my current relationship
My husband (36m) after 10 years has started to cross dress. I (33f) feel alone and detached from the relationship.
I think my (24 F) boyfriend (29 M) is an asshole
Relantionships during Covid-19
What am I doing wrong?
What am I doing wrong
It's been 8 months since my ex (25F) of 3 years broke up with me (27M). I just got out of a 3-month relationship, but still constantly miss and think about my long-term ex. I'm trying everything in my power to forget her and time doesn't seem to be doing its job?
Is This An Appropriate Friendship? Me, F, 31 and a 65-ish M
My BF’s mother told me my BF was planning on proposing, turns out she lied.
How do I [32F] approach my highly extroverted and emotional bf about his anger [31M]?
My Girlfriend (22F) Lied To Me, Should I End It
Is there a subreddit for spouses that have partner that CD? F (33yrs) M (36yrs)
I [22FTM] have a hard time feeling attractive enough for my beautiful, loving [22F] girlfriend
My Girlfriend (22F) Lied To me, Should I End It?
My ex boyfriend just overdosed and is now in the hospital, what should I do?
Insecurity? Or intuition.. stop confusing the two
It is what it iss
Is this a horrible relationship? Or salvageable? Me 34f, him 34m
My boyfriend’s mum told me that my boyfriend was planning on proposing to me, and it was a lie.
How I (20F) help my mom realize that her (57) and my dad (60) are never getting back together?
Are we too weird in bed?
Maybe it's a dad-crush? Me, F, 31, Him, 65 ish?
Started hanging out with my (f29) ex (m29) again, now what?
Nightlife?
How can I (20F) help my mom (57) get over her divorce from my father?
Nightlife
Girl messaged me my boyfriend was cheating and I didn’t care
Started hanging out with my (f29) ex (m29) again, what now?
What is the best way for me (16F) to get over my fear of being affectionate again?
My husband [M30] doesn’t see the need for boundaries and I’m [F25] losing my mind over it
I [25f] muted my friend[26f] after many fitness posts. Am I a bad friend if I take her off my fitbit?
Marriage struggling bc trust issues
How should I [M21] Proceed With My Old Best Friend [F20]?
Girlfriend saw gay porn on my laptop, and I told her it’s none of her business
Girlfriend saw gay porn on laptop, and I said it’s none of her business
I'm(14M) becoming very clingy to my siblings to the point of anxiety because of my parents divorce news and I dont know how to fix it.
My wife has given up on me
I [25f] muted my [26f] friend from 3 platforms after fitness posts. Am I a bad friend if I delete her from my fitbit?
A bit confused about my relationship....
Why am I incapable of relationships?
Who cheats more? men or women? give your opinion and why.
cheating boyfriend [27 m] isnt putting effort like he said he would? [21 f]
Me (30 F) with my friend (27 F), Do I tell her a secret that might break many friendships?
Brother [28m] pushed me [24f] out of our shared living situation
Should I (20F) tell my friend (20F) that I want her to cut off contact with my mother (58F)?
Have I (24/M) moved too fast with my long distance girlfriend (23/F)?
I’m [23M] in an abusive relationship and I can’t make myself leave
Sexual liberation
Kink ideas for beginners
Stimulus and morally right
Kink ideas for beginners
*stimulus check * what’s morally right?
I (17M) am having trouble figuring out how to proceed with relationship
My (37/m) gf(30/F) of keeps going for suppers with her ex.
Crushing on someone ?
F (24), M(27) crushing on someone else???
I (27m) ended a relationship with my girlfriend (22f) because of different life goals and career choices even though the relationship was overall positive ... I still hate this
Marriage struggling bc trust issues
I (27m) made the decision to mutually split up with my girlfriend (22f) and I really hate it a week later
Student (20M) might have to move out of parents house for summer
I (25F) have been dating my (24M) boyfriend for almost 2 years now. I want to know if I am overreacting or being too emotional regarding my Bf's new friends
Emotional abuse or is he just a d*ck?
My [26M] Aunt and Uncle are trying to make me go around to my cousins [30sF] to re-turf her lawn. I’m not comfortable about this even though she has had the all clear for COVID
Student (20M) might have to move out of parents house for the summer
How to break up with partner? He (M24) has been emotionally abusive to me (F25) and have opportunity to end things but don't know how?
My parents filed me as a dependent to get an extra $500 stimulus check
Am I overreacting to finding this out about my boyfriend?
Me 25m got dumped by 25f via text. 9 years solid
Crushing?
I (male 29) am having issues with my girlfriend (female 24) she won’t stop bringing up my ex.
Am I (24f) overthinking things?
What is the best way for me (16F) to get over my fear of being affectionate again?
My (27F) boyfriend (34) doesn't seem to want anyone to know about us
My mom (45F) is so mean to me (22F)
My mom is always pulling the divorce card on my sister and me
My [32M] girlfriend [29F] of 4 months does everything for me and everything’s too perfect to be true... is this normal?
Boyfriend’s [20m] passwords are he and his ex’s anniversary, but he forgets ours
Me 25m got dumped by 25f via text. 9 years solid
New boyfriend lied to me?
I've [F22] been texting pretty intensely with a guy [M23] since lockdown started. Am I wrong to say I feel like he's messing with my emotions?
My Partner has a strange habit, and i don't know what to do :(
Does my brother not open up to me because he still feels guilty about sexually abusing me when we were kids?
I am in a relationship but sometimes have dreams and thoughts about an ex.
Does my brother not open up to me because he still feels guilty about sexually abusing me when we were kids?
Love Fest Weekend
Wife yells at me daily and wants me to go...
Brother [28m] pushed me [24f] out of our shared living situation
the guy (34 M) that I (29 F) have been dating lied about it being exclusive
Hey y’all! What is the best way for me (16F) to get over my fear of being affectionate again?
Bf (19) lied about me (20) being his first gf?
I (20M) lost a great friend (18). Need some tips on how best to move on
My (26f) boyfriend (33m) said something horrible during a fight about money. We worked it out, but I’m still feeling icky about it.
Ex break up hurdle
Boyfriend acting cold and lied about calling his mother.
Help- I (26NB) might be in love with my best friend (25NB) but I have no idea how they feel about me?
Am I thinking too much?
Am I thinking too much?
BF keeps calling off work
Boyfriend acting cold and lied about calling his mother.
A guy asked me (20F) a question about my race and my friend (20F) thinks I overreacted
Is this weird to do during sex? (I am F20s and BF is M20s)
My [26M] wife [18F] keeps cracking her fingers despite of my continuous attempts to show her medical articles about how it causes arthritis. Should we break up?
Is this weird to do during sex? (I am F20s, BF is M20s)
My boyfriends female friend, am i crazy?
Boyfriend acting cold and lied about calling his mother.
What should I do for our first anniversary during COVID-19?
My (30m) Girlfriend (28F) is saving half nude pictures of a former girl crush to her phone. One year relationship
My [26M] wife [18F] keeps cracking her fingers despite of my continuous attempts to show her medical articles about how it causes arthritis. Should we break up?
Help with first breakup (28m with 25F)
Boyfriend acting distant and lied about calling his mother.
Just went through a break up
Boyfriend of 6 years zaps out whenever I bring up moving out of the country
Saying “I Love You” advice...
I’m (F24) in a relationship (M19). I’ve hit the 6 months mark, it’s around about this time I bolt. Those of you in a long term relationship I’d like your advice please
Girlfriend is saving half nude pictures of a former girl crush to her phone
i need advice! Snap sext or snap porn?
The trickiest trick you’ve ever tracked
I’m (f24) in a 6 month relationship (with m19). I feel like I can’t get it right. Those of you who have been/are in long term relationship, I would like your advice....
(21m) my gf (21f) and her brother (18m) seems to be a little too close to each other
I've [F22] been texting pretty intensely with a guy [M23] since lockdown started. Am I wrong when I feel like he's messing with my emotions?
My BF(35M) of 2+ years lied and I (33F) don't know what to do
What is your biggest regret in your relationship?
My BF (M35) revealed a secret he's been hiding I'm (F33) not sure what to do.
I (18 M) have a crush on a girl (18 F)
I (18M) have a crush on a girl (18F) but its not what you think it is 😭
How do I (27F) cope with pressure from in-laws (56M & 50F) about having kids with my husband (28M)?
I snooped and it backfired.
What do you say to your girlfriend that you have made feel so alone for a year
My current boyfriend (24M) ‘s last girlfriend tried to kill herself during their relationship, and it traumatized him. When is a good time to tell him I (24F) have depression too?
My (24F) boyfriend (19M) wants a baby for the most heartbreaking reason. I don’t know how to deal with it and I feel so bad for him.
How Do I Help GF Feel Less Embarrassed
I messed up
Over reacting partners
I want to ask my roommate to move out because I think it makes more sense than me moving out. Am I being entitled?
Is it my of a bad choice in friends F24
I feel like my FP(m28) is constantly trying to compete with me(f23). Can competitive rivalry be healthy for a relationship? How?
I feel like my FP(m28) is constantly trying to compete with me(f23). Can competitive rivalry be healthy for a relationship?
His 12 year old daughter is ruining everything.
What do you say to someone that you have made feel so alone for a year?
We took a break
We took a break
Help
Feeling really unappreciated, am i just clingy and controlling?
Girlfriend can't take me saying that I (bisexual guy) am more into females than males.
GF (F21) looks at me with disgust after hearing about how many people my previous ex slept with (M23)
GF (F21) of 7 months looks at me with disgust after learning about how many people my ex before slept with (M23).
PLEASE help me with this!
My girlfriend takes offense whenever I(bi) tell her that I am more drawn towards females than men
M(23) my Girlfriend F(21) shares her raw feeling about my ex and her thoughts on her
Feeling extermely unnapreciated, am i just a clingy aand controlling?
PLEASE help me with this
Should I bring up the rumour I heard about my SIL[34]
My depression is getting in the way of my relationship
My (18M) father (62M) chronically abuses my mother (55F) and I can't deal with that anymore
Bf said IF I EVER meet his mother, although we’re in a serious relationship. I dont know what’s the truth, can you share your views on it? What would you do if you were in my place?
What's app
My (F18) childhood best friend (M19) texts me once in a while and then ghosts me
Dont want to ruin a potential relationship but the anxiety is eating me, please help.
I (18/F) cut off contact with my Friend (18/F?) of 15 years
What's app desktop
I (18/F) blocked my Friend (18/F?) of 15 years on everything
My (F18) childhood best friend (M19) texts me once in a while and then ghosts me
Started a relationship just as COVID-19 was beginning; new to relationships, not sure what direction to take it
Bf said IF I EVER meet his mother, although we’re in a serious relationship?! CONTINUING THE STORY AS WE ARGUED
Am I wrong to feel hurt?
Am I getting hurt over no reason?
Clearly I'm a mug
My heart hurts. I can’t stop thinking about her.
Don't want to ruin a potential relationship but the anxiety is eating me, please help, quarantine editon
My heart hurts. I can’t stop thinking about her.
The battle inside me between hiding from the world and being free from their mindset
The battle inside me between hiding from the world like my parents and being free from that
The SOFT BF and HARD GF
Why is it that some women jump from one thing to another with no shame
My (18F) bf (19f) asked for some sort of break up for him to feel happy again.
The SOFT BF and the HARD GF
My boyfriend (21m) asked for a break the day after my (22f) grandpa died.
my brother in law girlfriend causes nothing but drama and stress to the family. what can we do?
Should I stay or should I leave?
Me [38 M] with my wife [48F], married 15 years. Am I being selfish?
Is it okey to think about my Ex when I'm in a relationship with someone else? I have tried to forget her over many years now without any luck.
Brother in law (john) dating a girl who lies and manipulates.
Is it okey to think about my Ex when I'm in a relationship with someone else? I have tried to forget her over many years now without any luck.
I (20F) really dont want to be the ride or die chick
She can't have kids should I stop seeing her?
Dating a F 38 I'm M 32 I want kids
My boyfriend (21m) asked for a break the day after my grandpa died.
I'm (25F) concerned about Boy friends (25M) ex
Boyfriends ex
She can't have kids anymore
should I (18M) re-kindle a failed relationship with my Best friend? (19F)
My older sister (21 F) always insults me (19 F) and say that I hate her when I get mad and try to defend myself
Wife wants a divorce. How do I get past the hard feelings and coparent for our kids?
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) of two years recently realized he’s asexual and I couldn’t be happier for him, but…
How to know if someone is faking a happy relationship?
My Girlfriend's Parents Are Mad At Me
My older sister (21 F) loves to make fun of me (19 F) and always say I hate her when I get mad and defend myself
I (18M) am inlove with my bestfriend (19F), but we've tried once before to be more than friends (a couple years ago). should I try?
Inevitable encounter with an ex I want back
How I knew I made the right choice
Wife wants a divorce. How do I get past the hard feelings and coparent for our kids?
I (21F) found out that the person (26M) I'm in love with looks in a completely different way
Me (M22) just split with my (F24) relationship of two years after she tried to introduce another person into the relationship (F27)
I (20f) told my bf (21m) that I wanted to get fake boobs and he supports me
I'm [21M] worried that she's [19F] not interested anymore and we started our relationship way too soon
Me (M22) and GF (F24) just split, and now I'm dating one of her friends (F27)
I'm [21M] worried that she [19F] doesn't like me anymore but just doesn't dare to tell me
My (30F) best friend (30F) of 10+ years GHOSTED me but still likes/views my Instagram?
[F30] Broke up with me [M29], [5 years]. I moved in with OUR best friend [M29]. Friend now lives part-time with my ex in my our old apartment. And sleeps in the same bed as her.
Possible?
Uncontrollable Little Brother(M12)
My partner thinks has feelings for someone else
I (18F) found out that my boyfriend (18M) of almost two years, has been desperate for other girls nudes! How should I approach this
My [F22] girlfriend is upset that I [M23] liked a couple pictures on instagram
My boyfriend didn’t take my ultimatum seriously, is there any going back now?
I feel like I am damaging my relationship with my (18F) boyfriend (20F). Can I do anything to change how I feel about these things?
Me(M17) being left behind by my ex(F16)after dating for ten months
Do you think true love is rare? Do you think most couples do not have true love in their relationships?
My [30F] best friend [30F] GHOSTED me but still views/likes my IG stories/photos...why?
Husband told me he was tired of porn a few months ago... I should have listened.
How do you make your partner feel happy in the long run when things are particularly bad at the time being?
Sexual attraction has worn off for my partner
My gf(25) is commanding me 23M to stop dancing with other people!
How do I (22F) avoid eating my SIL'S (35F) cooking without being rude?
Has any one been left behind before ?(14+)
Dancing with girls who are not my gf
My [23M] wife [42F] had left me and our daughter [3F] to be with her lover. She came back and said she wants to work on things.
My (F23) significant other (M26) never compliments my cooking
Being left behind
Havent seen my gf in 2 months scared shes losing feelings
How do I know if the relationship is done?
My (F23) significant other (M26) never compliments my cooking
I’(M) 23 and never dated. How do I meet new people and go on dates?
I (22f) have just started talking to my niece (16f) for the first time since she was a baby.
I’(M) 23 and never dated. How do I meet new people and go on dates?
I (23M) am feeling isolated from my other flatmates 23M, (23F & 23M (couple))
My crush (19f) has a friend that may still like her and vice versa.
I (M27) am not attracted to my partner (M25) a year relationship, I think I have a problem, need advice.
My crush (19f) has a friend that may still like her, vice versa.
I [20m] am crushing on my roommate [21m] and am stuck with him in quarantine
My crush (19f) has a friend that may still like her, vice versa.
Couples who live separated through the pandemic, how are you handling it?
My crush has a friend that may still like her, vice versa.
I (22F) think I am having a feeling towards my close friend (26M) but not sure to tell him
Couples who live separated through the pandemic, how are you handling it?
How to deal with the pain of being ghosted by my (25f) ex-bf(22m)?
I (18F) just got blocked on everything by my boyfriend (19M) and I don't know what to do
How to deal with being ghosted by my (25f) ex-bf (22m)? The pain is unbearable.
Frustrated with my partners losing things
(29) F dating new guy (34) M who lied to me about being exclusive
BF (26m) won't really help with housework
My boyfriend yells at me and calls me names
How do you guys do it?
My fiancé is effecting my relationship with a mutual friend who was my friend first.
I am deeply in love with a Chaturbate streamer
I (M 19) talked to a girl (F 19) once back in December and can’t get over her
To go back to my abusive ex boyfriend (M-23) who claims he has ‘changed’ or continue to fall for the guy i have been seeing (M-24) for the past three months? // Is there something wrong with me or am i being manipulated?
Is it worth it to keep fighting for the relationship, or let it go?
My (19f) bf (21m) won’t talk out our argument until tomorrow because he’s “not in the right mind state”?
I don’t have the mind strength to stop contacting my ex who is now my FWB. What can I do to stop gradually?
My(20 F) boyfriend (22 M) misspoke and said he's attracted to me because I look like his favourite porn star.
My (19f) bf (21m) and I got into an argument and he won’t talk to me until the morning because he’s “in the wrong state of mind”
How to build a better mindset to stop contacting an ex
I (M 19) talked to a girl (F 19) once back in December and can’t get over her
Talked to a girl once back in December and can’t get over her
I [18M] had a very inappropriate relationship with my mother [42F], how can I make things go back to normal?
To go back to my abusive ex-boyfriend (M-23) who claims he has ‘changed’ or continue to fall for the guy I have been seeing (M-24) for the past three months? // Is there something wrong with me or am I being manipulated?
My boyfriend won’t call/FaceTime during quarantine
I [18M] had a very inappropriate relationshion with my mother [42F], how can I make things go back to normal?
My (19f) boyfriend (21m) chose video games over me. Now what?
My GFs sister is pregnant and Im feeling jealous AF because Im a piece of shit (and also a trans man)
Am i to sexual?
My boyfriend won’t call me/FaceTime during quarantine
Not sure how to handle my mom?
Need some advice on the New Girl i Like
Feel like I am being held back
Long distance boyfriend (17M) hasn’t communicated with me (14F) after suddenly saying he’s taking a break from me.
Long distance boyfriend (17M) hasn’t communicated with me (14F) after suddenly saying he’s taking a break from me.
Feel like I am being held back
My (40M) girlfriend (34F) lives with her grandma. I live with roommates who have all potentially been exposed to the virus, and I have possibly too. She is mad at me for not coming to visit, and I keep telling her its too risky for her grandma. How do I get her to see reason here?
Erica I need you right now, I miss my friend.
My boyfriend won’t talk to me during quarantine
I (19m) never had a gf. I accepted the fact that i ll die alone
I might’ve overstepped my boundaries with a friend
Should I [24F] be weirded out when people tell me they’ve googled me before a date?
My (19m) bestfriend (19m) / has changed and it’s hurts :(
My(16M) girlfriend(17f) has had lots of tough luck and she's very unmotivated to do things in her life at the moment. What can I do?
My(24M) girlfriend (21F) is struggling with pent up feelings from a bad relationship with her mother (40s?F)
My (19M) bestfriend (19M) / has changed and it’s hurts :(
I (19M) never had a gf, i'm affraid that i'll really die alone, i think i've accepted that fact.
I might’ve overstepped my boundaries with a friend I have a crush on
My(16M) girlfriend(17f) has had lots of tough luck and she's very unmotivated to do things in her life at the moment. How do I help her.
My bestfriend has changed / me (19M) my friend (19M)
Cheaters who’ve changed?
My friend / my bestfriend but now he has changed
I (19m) don't know about an online relationship.
I [18] and the girl I'm in love with [18] have difficulties during long distance relationships
I have a problem with my friendships please halp
My ex ignores me when I ask for my belongings back.
My (28M) ex-girlfriend (28F) struggles with intimacy - is it possible to have a romantic relationship without having sex?
What does it mean when a guy says he’s in a weird place right now?
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) has some unresolved issues with childhood trauma by her mother (40sF)
I (19m) Don't Know About Long Distance Relationships
What does it mean when a guy says he’s in a strange place right now?
Conspiracy Theory Family
My (28M) ex-girlfriend (28F) has a history of being sexually assaulted and struggles with intimacy - is it possible to have a romantic relationship without having sex?
Planning on a house (f24) without my boyfriend (m31)
Planning on a house (f24) without my boyfriend (m31)
i (32f) don't understand how my husband (36m) sees and feels about my bisexuality
A friend sent me a screenshot of my boyfriends Tinder
I (M,22) sent a nude to my ex’s (F,23) alleged best friend.
My boyfriend doesn’t think I’m the hottest girl in the world and I don’t know how to feel
Planning on a house (f24) without my boyfriend (m31)
I (21M) and my ex (20F) broke up around 2 months ago and haven't spoken since a the breakup.
Dad [59M] is cheating on my mom [51F] with men and I [20F] don’t know what to do
Hottest girl in the world?
How do you face breaking up with someone you love dearly, and who you feel needs you?
My (26F) boyfriend (26M) had a secret PLATONIC chat with a girl for 6 months?
How do I get over the fact that my first love and I are just strangers now?
How do I get over the fact that my first love and I are just strangers now?
My husband keeps allowing his family’s toxic behavior and I’m frightened that if I make a fuss I’ll be called out for “not getting it” or “family is family”
I (21M) and my ex (20F) broke up around 2 months ago and haven't spoken since a the breakup.
My (M23) girlfriend (F23) has Anxiety and is taking some meds for that and depressed, I don't know what I can do. I feel like I am around to keep her entertained mostly, or she will not be happy.
I (27) cannot let go of the little things and I can see my boyfriend(27) having a hard time dealing with me. HELP!
How Has The Quarantine Affected Your Relationship?
Sad Story about the Boy Next Door
When will the “green light” be to see significant others again?
BF has ONLYFANs, subscribed to my cousin.
BF has ONLYFANs, subscribed to my cousin.
Guy (20m) called me (20f) a b*tch for the first time (jokingly) but it really hurts
Me [32 M] have lost a fire in me and I don't know how to get it out
Can you like someone but not be ready for a relationship?
tf do i say ?
I (17f) may have just realized the actual reason my parents got married, and even though it's not really "bad", I can't shake the feeling that they were ashamed of it and didn't want to talk about it. It feels a bit strange.
Social distancing and relationships?
I [M18] Am In A Pickle Wkth Sexuality And Past
Guy (20m) jokingly called me (20f) a b*tch, but it hurt
Should I(20F) be okay with my boyfriend(20M) possibly having an onlyfans subscription?
I(M18) Am In A Pickle With My Sexuality And Past
My BF (21M) for 5 years broke up with me (22F) because he thought that i was jealous of others relationship.
Confused about the future of my (22F) relationship with my boyfriend (22M)
I fucked up in a way
My family disowned me.
Confused about the future of my (22F) relationship with my boyfriend (22M)
My [F28] boyfriend [M29] admitted he isn't sexually attracted to me
Me (21F) unsure of someone I've been seeing (22M)/ no contact method?
Confused about the future of my relationship
Me (21F) unsure of someone I've been seeing (22M)/ no contact method?
Should I (17M) ignore the girl (16F) who played me??
My family disowned me last year.
Couples of reddit, how do you manage pursing your careers while also remaining committed to your romantic relationships?
Should I(20F) trust my boyfriend(20M)?
Me (18F) and my friend (17m) are both concerned that we're forcing our friendship.
my (22m) gf (23) is an only fans and i am kind of insecure
I Really Need Adivce
I (22F) am getting worse, and the fact that the emergency hotlines here aren't working is not helping me. Screw c0r0n@.
Not sure what to do with this situation - Me f 37 Him M 36
Should I (17M) ignore the girl (16F) who played me??
I [29/f] want to spend more time with my live-in partner, but he [33/m] says he needs his space.
Fiance [33M] refuses to get a job after 18 months together
Should I (17M) ignore the girl (16F) who played me??
I (22f) am tired of my partner’s (21m) constant negativity
18F, gave my bf (18M) a second chance after cheating but I’m so crazy and insecure now
Should I ignore the girl who played me
How to respond to getting ghosted after an incredible night?
My sister (17F) is ruining her life and we can’t get her to fix it
Is it wrong that I feel this way towards my step mom being pregnant?
Fiance made an Instagram purely to follow porny models. What to do?
My (39M) girlfriend (36F) is pregnant with our second child, I'm barely keeping my shit together with one kid; she won't get an abortion, and I want to just move out right now
Is it wrong that I feel this way towards my step mom being pregnant?
is an onlyfans subscript okay for a bf to have?
My sister (17F) is ruining her life and we can’t get her to fix it
Getting (pretty much)ghosted after a really good night
Fiance following and liking porny models on Instagram? To care or not to care?
Getting (pretty much)ghosted after a really good night
I (M25) am having trouble finding a new longterm relationship.
How do I (22F) stop thinking about my crush (23M) whilst being in a relationship? Is this cheating?
What should I (23m) have said?
Am I wrong???
I feel so helpless and broken, not sure what to do
Help: Open Relationship Heartbreak
Should I (F23) “break up” with my best friend (F26) thru a letter?
I 23M need to tell her 23F my feelings I have toward her by the end of the semester, what’s the best way to make my self clear so there’s no room for confusion... need advice please!
Help: Open Relationship Heartbreak
im trying.
I (F23) am going to write a letter to my best friend (F26) why we can’t be friends anymore...is that the right way to go about it?
I feel so broken, I don't know what to do.
Found out my boyfriend watches porn after he told me he didn't
What should I (22M) have said???
My [24f] boyfriend [24m] has a lot of female friends
Open Relationship Heartbreak
Dating girlfriend of 3 years. Have yet to met her family. How do I resolve this? She is 25 and I am 26 and a male.
Boyfriend snores very loudly. How can we prevent that?
I want my Girlfriend (17) to leave an Organization she joined whose National Officers are displaying "Fuckboy" symptoms. Need an outside perspective.
The situation that I (F21) and my bf (M23) are in is getting on my nerves
My girlfriends dog bit me now I get so scared being at the house
My boyfriend has kept me up all night snoring. What can we do to help prevent that?
Girlfriend (F, 17) joined an Organization whose National officers are displaying "fuckboy" symptoms. I want her to leave, what should I do?
I (F34) would like to distance myself from 1 friend in our (all F34) group of 3 without losing the other. How to do this with grace?
Should I (26f) try to reach out to friend I had a falling out with at 19 (throw away account)
37/M fiance doesn't trust me 36/F should I walk away after 4 years?
Should I (26f) reach out to friend I had a falling out with at 19...
Should I (26f), reach out to a friend (25f) I had a bad falling out with at 19... (throw away account btw)
I think I need to be sober
Dating girlfriend of 3 years. Have yet to met her family. How do I resolve this? She is 25 and I am 26 and a male.
Would you/have you taken legal action against your attorney/lawyer spouse for fraud
Brink of divorce
My [25F] boyfriend [24M] didn't get me a card or present for my birthday. Am I over reacting?
I’m moving my best friend out of a 3.5 year emotionally abusive relationship this weekend.
I (24F) want to break up wit my boyfriend (25M) of 4 years but I'm scared.
Are these red flags (m26) or am I (f21) being paranoid?
How do I (25F) comfort my sister (12F)?
I’m moving my best friend out of a 3.5 year emotionally abusive relationship this weekend
I [18M] was forced into sex with an old friend [22F] and she got pregnant, my girlfriend [19F] thinks I cheated, how could I get her back?
I love you and I let you go
Is it my of a bad choice in friends F24
Should I (21F) reach out to my best friend (19F) for not wanting to be involved with my interests?
How do I (25F) comfort my sister (12F)?
I love you and I let you go
My girlfriend is mad at me and I don’t know why.
My (23M) stepmother (55?F) hates me and I don't know what to do anymore.
My girlfriend is mad at me and I don’t know why.
Is my (F 31) fault, is roommate ( M 33) just an asshole or is it something more?
My husband thinks he sucks at everything
At what point in your engagement (or after)did you combine finances and start considering your possessions shared?
I (24F) am breaking up with my boyfriend (25M) of 4 years and I'm scared.
Needing advice. Am I craving too much attention?
I (23F) am fed up with an unfulfilling sex life with my partner (23M). Help!
I still live with my Ex
I (23F) am so fed up with unfulfilling sex with my partner (23M)
Idk if should bring this up?
My (20f) Friend (20f) confuses me and gives me hope she likes me when she’s said before she doesn’t?
Girlfriend (32F) of One Year Only Lets Me (35M) Ejaculate in One Place
Girlfriend (32F) of One Year Only Let’s Me (34M) Ejaculate in 1 Place
Is my (29F) husband (30m) freeloading?
Girl [18F] is giving me [20F] mixed signals and I am so confused.
Advice on message to boyfriend expressing that I'm happy he communicated his needs
I (15F) Need Help With My Brother(11M)
Lost, 38M moved fast with 35F from 22 years ago...
I'm in a horrible situation with my partner...
Help me understand my husband
**TL;DR; I just wonder if there is any chance at all again? And what do I do? I just want to hold onto that hope that I didn't ruin any chance I've ever had?????**
I (21M) have been dating my gf (19F) secretly because her Christian Asian Parents hate this. What to do?
Lost.... 38M in a rushed love with 35F from 22 years ago...
Lost 38M moved fast with 35F from over 20 years ago...
Would you prefer Text or snap if you haven’t spoken to someone in awhile?
my ex
should I hold on to my ex "soulmate"
My [25F] boyfriend [24M] didn't get me a card or present for my birthday. Am I over reacting?
Am I (f/33) in the wrong here with boyfriend (m/40)
My boyfriend is acting weird.
Is how my (24F) friend (32M) started behaving a sign of interest?
People who fell for someone else while in a relationship, what did you end up doing?
I (25 F) am having trouble helping my girlfriend (24 F) who struggles with mental illness make safe decisions, and it is scaring me.
I [58F] cannot deal with my abusive shit of a son [18M] anymore. He's a goddamn adult, pathetic. I feel like throwing him out and letting the world teach him a fucking lesson but I'm not sure if I should. Reddit, please help.
Me (23F) can’t seem to get my husband (24M) to do housework or to just care about me in general. I don’t feel like I am overreacting but I don’t know what to do anymore or what to say to him.
Assumptions/ Am I in the wrong here.
How did your first relationship change your idea of love?
Is it fine if there are some things I rather not know about my significant other because I know it might affect me badly?
Is there any hope for a platonic friendship with my (26F) friend (23M)?
There are some things I rather not know about my significant other but when he tells me about it indeliberately, I don't feel great.
My(24m) girlfriend(23f) is hanging out with her ex
How did your first relationship change your idea of love?
Boyfriend (20m) has been lying to me (19f) and denting ever lying.
Me (23F) can’t seem to get my husband (24M) to do housework or to just care about me in general. I don’t feel like I am over reacting but I don’t know what to say or to do anymore.
How did your first relationship change your idea of love?
Assumptions/ am I in the wrong?
She can't have kids.
Sister (F22) with depression is dating a meth addict. She is very secretive and I am the only one she tells things to in my family. How do I respectfully tell her she needs to get out while still getting my point across and keeping her trust?
I cannot deal with my abusive shit of a son anymore. He's a goddamn adult, pathetic.
Assumptions/ Am I in the wrong?
Is it normal if there are some things I rather not know about my significant other?
did i just cheat without knowing it
My(24m) girlfriend(23f) is hanging out with her ex
[27m] Two things I miss most about being in a relationship.
did i just cheat without knowing it?
My SO cheated many times and I'm stuck
My (25F) brother (35M) is unmedicated and mentally ill - I am worried for my family’s safety
My girlfriend(16f) of 6 months doesn't love me(17m) as much as i do
How to attract your bf who thinks you are clingy and needy?
I called out the girl who falsely accused me. Now my fiancé is threatening to leave me.
How do I (F20) deal with feelings of jealousy in a relationship with my boyfriend (M23)?
Getting caught in the middle of a family fight between disabled brother [34m] and parents [early - mid 60's] and don't know what to do.
My (24F) old friend (30sM) gets really upset when I miss one of his streams... what do I say?
Friends?
Should I be concerned that my partner enjoys surrounding themselves with mentally ill people?
Found it surprisingly easy to get over my last ex , who I truly thought was “The one”.
Bf (26M) thinks I'm (25F) overreacting about pandemic safety
Should I (18M) apologize to an old friend (17F) after more than one year of silence?
Wife upset cause I was turned on during a show
Found it surprisingly easy to get over my last ex , who I truly thought was “The one”.
Getting caught in the middle of a family fight between disabled brother [34m] and parents [early - mid 60's] and don't know what to do.
BF (26M) thinks i'm (25F) overreacting about pandemic safety
Found it surprisingly easy to get over my last ex , who I truly thought was “The one”.
My SO cheated many times and I'm stuck
concept of a life partner?
concept of a life partner?
I (22f) am afraid to tell my girlfriend (25f) about my kink because it’s related to past abuse. However, I think she might have the same kink as me and we’re both not saying it. Any advice?
I messed up
My stepfather abused me and tried to kiss my bestfriend
My dad stopped trying
My friend (30sM) gets upset with me (24F) when I can’t come to his streams... what do I tell him?
Third strike
32m 29f insecurities
My SO lied and cheated so many times
Wife upset cause I was “turned on” during show.
M29 Girlfriend F29 insecurity...
Should I ghost him or explain? how do I explain?
Should I ghost or explain? did quarantine ruin it?
Am I (29M) overthinking things in regards to my girlfriend (25F)
He can’t be wrong- ever.
Am I (22f) in the wrong for getting upset because I feel that my friend (22M) is only using me whenever his gf doesn’t pay attention to him.
Me and my boyfriend are having communication issues. Help is very much appreciated!
Am I in the wrong for getting upset because I feel that my friend is only using me whenever his gf doesn’t pay attention to him.
Should I (25f) end things with my boyfriend (28m)?
Alone
Need insight on texting habits
Me and my boyfriend are both figuring things out and are not the best communicators. Help wanted and much appreciated!
Girlfriend mentions guys flirting with her when it happens. Today she mentioned a guy I've been wary of, feeling insecure about it (23M) (23F)
Friend ghosted me
Holding hope vs moving on
Holding hope vs moving on
I've never felt so alone before
Need help on my bad Habbit
Those of you in romantic relationships: What would you like to ask your partner?
Should I (25f) end things with my boyfriend (28m)?
He laughed when I cried
Being ghosted by your next door neighbor is really shitty.
will i ever get it back
I don’t understand
My roommate/good friend [24M] treats me [30M] like shit.
Does effort can win any girl's heart?
My (28F) long distance relationship with my bf (29M) reached an end due to Corona virus fucking things up.
Long distance relationships that succeeded, whats your story?
My mental health issues are making me act like a brat? How can I change?
I [19F] have hard time cutting off [26M]
Am I overthinking
What percentage of people have true love?
I [19F] need help on cutting off manipulative [26M]
How can I (21F) better support my partner (22F) during my illness?
feeling secure in new relationship after an abusive relationship
My (18F) friend group had a separate group chat w/o me for a year and my best friend (20 M) of 4 years kinda organized it. Should I drop him?
How can I (M29) support my fiancee (F26) when she gets hit on?
My partner (22M) is too anxious of having sex in fear of cuming too early. How can I (F21) help him/support him?
Am I overthinking?
I’m (15F) but have already been in (5M) abusive relationships with older men and am now talking to another man online. Please help
Have you ever been with someone, ended things then got back together / stayed together?
I feel like I can’t love properly
Is it wrong if I [M21] don't want to be friends [18F] after the relationship ends?
BF bails on meeting parents
I just feel like I can’t love properly
How did you end a relationship with someone you really cared about?
My (18F) friends had a group chat w/o me for an entire year and my best friend (20M) kinda organized it.
BF hesitation about meeting my parents
I (32F) don't know if I can handle the fact that my partner (36M) doesn't love me.
Age gap
Gf (19F) has toxic asian parents who want us (21M here) to split. What to do?
I (32F) don't know if I can handle the fact that my partner (36M) doesn't love me.
My partner (M22) is too anxious to have sex in fear of cuming too early and disappointing me. How can support him?
Malca
Me (20F) with boyfriend (20M), he tries to initiate sex during serious conversations
Me (20F) with boyfriend (20M), he tries to initiate sex during serious conversations
**TL;DR; : My {28 M} Partner Keeps Calling Me {22F} By His Ex GF's Name?**.
Wife suddenly became an evangelist
My long distance gf(24) and i m(26) are having arguments almost every day and is driving me nuts but I don’t want to end this yet as I see a future between us
I 28[m] am going for a walk with my ex 30[f] who broke up with me.
My {28} M Partner Keeps Calling Me {22} F By His EX GF's Name.
I feel that I am damaging my relationship with my (18F) boyfriend (20M) and I just want to know what I can do
I(24M) honestly cannot figure out if my girlfriend(23F) is trying to help me or is trying to mold me into something I'm not
Not sure what to think? Space?
My (26m) girlfriend (24f) got enraged that I didn’t go inside Walmart with her. Am I wrong?
I [26 F] am graduating college this Spring. Would it be weird to send my ex's parents a graduation announcement?
having a boyfriend with mental struggles
My (26m) girlfriend (24f) just got enraged that I didn’t go inside Walmart with her. Am I wrong?
My long distance gf(24) and i m(26) are having arguments almost every day and is driving me nuts but I don’t want to end this yet as I see a future between us
Is my stepdad a sociopath? Please help!
I [21 M] Am Not Sexually Attracted to My Girlfriend [21 F] Anymore
SINGLE AND SAD- AGAIN
I [M 18 at the time] had sex with my [F20 at the time] cousin
Bf of 1,5 years told me IF you ever meet my mother, even though we’re serious?!
Bf of 1,5 years told me IF you ever meet my mother, even though we’re serious?!
Jealous
I 33m seem to destroy and hit the self destruct button on a relationship every time. Usually after 3 to 4 years
Jealousy
I'm having trouble moving on from this
I’m (F23) emotionally unavailable and it hurts my relationship with my boyfriend (M32)
What are some questions I can ask myself (27F) / my partner (26M) to help determine if we should stay or breakup?
Should I tell my girlfriend it bothers me when she doesn’t reply to my texts fast enough or should I leave it be?
I (15F) badly hurt my mom (45F) and don't know how to show how sorry I am
I’m (F23) emotionally unavailable and it hurts my relationship with my boyfriend (M32)
I guess this is goodbye
My boyfriend acted different sexually and it made me sad.
SINGLE AND SAD- Again
Did you regret breaking up with an ex when you were younger? My GF [F21] of 2 years would be a great friend but I [M21] don’t know if I can date her anymore
I guess this is goodbye
I guess this is goodbye
Need a man's perspective
My boyfriend acted different sexually and it made me sad.
My [26F] neighbor [27F] is upset with me and won’t return my texts, things, or money she owes me.
Is my Stepdad a sociopath?? Please help! What do I do?
Confused
My [26F] neighbor [27F] is upset with me and won’t return my texts, things, or money she owes me.
Letter to an ex
I hurt someone I care about badly and don't know how to say how sorry I am
Ex told me I’m legitimately insane
Me [28 M] with my [27 F] am I being blindsided by love or is this how it's supposed to be?
Me [23 M] with my girlfriend [21 F] for ~3 months, Kicked my girlfriend out. Did I do the right thing?
My father is depressed because the child he haad at 17 doesn't want to contact him. How can I help?
Me [32f] with my guy [32m] 2 months, long distance.
I don't know what to do
girlfriend (18) is texting with ex boyfriend’s sister and wants to spend time with her again - I don’t know how to feel about it
Me [23 M] with my girlfriend [21 F] for ~3 months: Did I do the right thing by sending her home?
Should I be a FWB with this girl?
My girlfriend (20F) does not stop lying to me (22M). Please HELP.
I can't let go of the past for the life of me
Me [32f] with my guy [32 M] duration, 2 months long distance
I [27 F] feel like when people my age [late 20s/early 30s] get together in groups, they compete, act different from their usual selves, and try to impress each other.
My [20] boyfriend [21] has an addiction problem
my (23F) bf (27M) wants me to sleep with other women
SO having doubts about relationship
I am gay and I have a sex problem with my boyfriend
So when someone dumps you... how do you respond?
Advice For Prom
girlfriend is texting with ex boyfriend’s sister and wants to spend time with her again
Help? What should I(male) do?
I lost interest in relationships
Advice For Two-Person Prom
Help. How should I feel? What should I do?
My [20] boyfriend [21] has an addiction problem.
Good Location For Two-Person Prom
SO having doubts. Advice appreciated.
If you’ve been “love bombed” what were the signs? Because I think it’s happened to me 3 times now and I just want to know how to stop falling for it. It’s starting to mess with my head. And not in a fun way. TL:DR are you serious?
Good Prom Location For Me And My Girlfriend
Does Anyone Else Have an SO that contradicts them just to do it?
I can't move on. Advice?
If you’ve been “love bombed” what were the signs? Because I think it’s happened to me 3 times now and I just want to know how to stop falling for it.
I (24F) want to move in after getting engaged and my boyfriend (26M) says he won't know if he wants to marry me if we're not living together first
My husband's diet is incredibly unhealthy and I'm starting to worry about him.
I don't really feel attracted to anyone anymore
Please I need opinions who is in the wrong ?
Me [28F] with my 27 [F] friend of 2 years, do I tell her a secret that might hurt her?
Starting to resent my husbands friends...
I (24F) want to move in after getting engaged and my boyfriend (26M) says he won't know if he wants to marry me if we're not living together
I [F21] am afraid of cheating on my [M21] fiancé
I want to move in after being engaged, my bf wants to get engaged after moving in
I feel like if I have been deceiving my GF into not leaving me, and now that I want to leave her I feel guilty
I (25F) NEED his (25M) help!!!
A man (39M) I (27F) had a relationship with died and I found out A LOT
I(21F) have become insecure over the women my ex (21m) (now bf) had sex with during our breakup
Should I (32M) call this relationship with my (32F) quits?
My husband is unable to perform sexually in the process of having a baby and I don't know what to do
[30/F] realizing he is definitely a [35/M] momma’s boy ...
The guy I was seeing [50M] brought me [22f] a romantic (imo) birthday gift a few days after breaking things off with me. He's my boss and I'm afraid stuff like this will make it difficult to work together when stuff reopens.
I'm (27/f) am seeing a guy (27/m) in an "open" relationship?
my bf(20M) is super awesome
The guy is was seeing [50m] brought me[22f] a romantic (IMO) gift for my birthday a few days after breaking things off with me. He is my boss and I'm concerned the blurred lines in our relationship will make it hard to go back to work when everything reopens
Really confused, hurt and upset. Not sure where to go from here 27F
What to not do after a big argument
Really confused, hurt and upset. Not sure where to go from here 27F
I [17F] betrayed a friend
i(19F) love the person my bf(20M) is teaching me to become
i love the effect my bf has had on me
After arguments
My boyfriend literally acts like a child!
broke up with my (22F) boyfriend (22M) because I felt a connection with someone else.
My boyfriend literally acts like a child!
I think I (30M) have figured out why people aren't interested in me romantically. I just don't know what to do to improve it.
My (51/M) child (8/M) behavior is getting worse and his mother (38/F) refuses to collaborate and is interfering with my parenting efforts.
I’m a virgin?
I think I (30M) have figured out why people aren't interested in me romantically. I just don't know what to do to improve it.
So I met a girl online (she’s 26) (I’m 35) we chatted non stop for a few days, we exchanged a few saucy pics and all was going well.
I [23M] feel so emotionally drained by Girlfriend [21] incredibly confused on what to do. Need advice.
I think I (30M) have figured out why people aren't interested in me romantically. I just don't know what to do to improve it.
broke up with my (22F) boyfriend (22M) because I felt a connection with someone else.
Does she or doesn't she like me?
When they're not your intellectual equal and it impacts in the bedroom...
Disagreements somehow turn into marriage ending...
Quarantine has ruined my trust
If you’ve ever questioned your relationship, does that mean you’re with the wrong person?
I’ve (F21) have fallen out of love with my bf (M20)
A so called ‘friend’ suddenly become best pals with someone who badly betrayed and abused me. They’ve gone from telling me they ‘hated’ the abuser for what they did to me to FaceTiming the abuser on a regular basis. What do I do?
I (21F) found out my bf (22M) has been chatting with online SW and watching cam girls, and I’m hurt
Help my GF keep using the breakup card in arguements. I dint know what to do (m25) (f24)
My [31F] brother [43M] and niece [12F] live with me but he isn’t there for her at all and cares only about drinking
If you’ve ever questioned your relationship, does that mean you’re with the wrong person?
Quarantine has ruined my relationship
Boyfriend (M20) says we have an expiry date
How to Find Forgiveness and Heal Your Relationship
I’ve (F21) have fallen out of love with my bf (M20)
My bf [23M] and I [23F] cant find a way to play videogames together at an enjoyable pace
How to Find Forgiveness and Heal Your Relationship
Does she or doesn't she like me?
Boyfriend (M20) of 11 months feels we have an expiry date.
My ex boyfriend deleted me off of every social media except Instagram and still views my stories??
Am I wrong for feeling this way about a friend?
I (21F) found out my bf (22M) has been watching cam girls and participating in other SW sites
I’ve (F21) have fallen out of love with my bf (M20)
I really want to go out with him, but I'm really anxious about it... overthinking much?
I’ve (F21) have fallen out of love with my bf (M20)
Am I wrong for feeling this way about a friend?
Is he the one?
My (28F) dad (51m) suddenly thinks the coronavirus is all a hoax used to control people. He's always been level-headed, and just snapped. What do I do?
I (22M) need help how to handle disagreements with my younger brother (19M)
I [26/F] got too close to someone online and feel like it could have driven me to cheat on my husband [29/M].
Is he the one ?
I (29F) wants to settle down but do not want to settle down
I (24f) have cut off my ex best friend (23m) because I feel I can't trust him, what would you do in this situation/how would you feel?
Is my (21m) 20’s not a time to date but find myself?
My ex boyfriend deleted me of of every social media expect Instagram and still views my stories
Feeling Inferior
I [26/F] got too close to someone online and felt like it could have driven me to cheat on my husband [30/M].
A so called ‘friend’ suddenly become best pals with someone who badly betrayed and abused me. They’ve gone from telling me they ‘hated’ the abuser for what they did to me to FaceTiming the abuser on a regular basis. What do I do?
My ex boyfriend deleted me off of every social media except insta???
I (26M) draw porn. Is it hypocritical for me to not want my wife (24F) to start an onlyfans?
22F going on 23 and never had a bf
“Ex-Addict” Fiancé [33] wants to do shrooms and I’m the bad guy [30] by saying I’m uncomfortable.
Break up due to different life styles?
Commitment Fantasy and Issues
My (21M) Girlfriend (23F) is somehow hiding that she's texting her "ex"
(25M) Deeply in love with a girl (23F) that has cheated
I feel like it's wrong for your "best friend" to befriend a TOXIC ex.
My (36F) husband (37M) is both the nicest sweetest person, and the meanest most evil jerk. I don't know what to do.
My (21M) Girlfriend (23F) is somehow hiding that she's texting her "ex"
I (20F) caught feelings for my FWB (23M)
My now-boyfriend (25M) almost slept with me (24F) during an early hangout after I'd been drinking, should I care?
I feel like it's wrong to befriend your "best friends" TOXIC ex.
I (23M) draw porn. Is it hypocritical for me to not want my fiancee (22F) to have an OnlyFans?
My addict fiancé [33] wants to trip shrooms and I’m [30] uncomfortable with it.
Crazy question about prom and my [18 M] ex girlfriend [18 F].
My boyfriend doesn't want to spend quality time together unless we're having sex.
I (20F) caught feelings for my FWB (23M) and don't know what to do
I (26F) have some concerns about my relationship with my boyfriend (27M)
Am I overthinking?
She's become distant and I don't know what to do.
Ex messaged after years asking me when am I getting married. WHYYY?
K guys, I need help.
She's suddenly become distant and I'm at a loss at what to do.
what should i do?
27(m) need advice on 27(f) social media use
It seems I will always be untrustworthy perhaps its time to walk away
I (27F) think my boyfriend (35M) cheated on me a year ago.
27(M) in need of support and/or advice on my 27(f) social media use.
I (27F) need advice on what to do with best friend (27F)
(24M) think my gf (22F) has lost interest in me
I (20F) caught feelings for my FWB (23M) and don't know what to do
Should I (F/18) marry my boyfriend (M/19) or just go on my own path?
Me[21 M] and my girlfriend [20 F] are having disputes in our relationship as she says I don't think of myself, I'm not working on myself etc etc.
Perfect
I (27F) need advice on what to do with "best friend" (27F)
Tinder date makes me nervous - what now?
This dilemma is going to sound like a non-issue but...
How not to strain the relationship with my boyfriend?
My girlfriend (24) struggles with depression and i (26) dont know if i can take it anymore
I [20M] ghosted a friend from study abroad [21F] for no real reason
I [20M] ghosted my friend from study abroad [21F] for no real reason
Commitment Fantasy and Issues
Am I [F23] overreacting????
Get
I am the toxic one.
I [23 F] have a new [33 M] boyfriend. He's great in every area except his weight, and we as a couple need to talk about it but I don't know how to.
I am the toxic one
Am I A Drama Queen?
My girlfriend(25F) and social media. What should I (27M) do?
My (27M) girlfriend (27F) can get very upset if she sees me look at another woman
My girlfriend(25F) and social media. What should I (27M) do?
I (19F) found out my boyfriend (20M) has been actively using Tinder. What should I do?
S/O [32M] is losing weight and I [25F] am losing attraction
Social Media and my girlfriend. What should I do?
My ex (14F) still has my (14M) hoodie and I'm wondering what girls usually do with their ex's hoodies? Do they burn it? Wear it?
my fiancé (23 yr old m) told me (20 yr old f) of 3 years told me the only reason he stays with me is because of our daughter
[23F] I'm unsure if I should break up with my boyfriend [23M] of 2.5 years.
my (23 yr old m ) fiance told me the only reason he stays with me ( 20 yr f) is because of our daughter
I just realized my ex (14F) still has my (14M) hoodie. What do girls usually do with their ex's hoodies?
Porn has become a problem in our relationship, but the problem is my fault. What can I do?
🥴🧠💥 Crazy confuzing questions/options sweeping my tired brain in need of clarification
I (25F) feel like my boyfriend (26M) may have manipulated me into having sex with him.
I just realized my ex has my hoodie still, what do girls do with their ex's hoodies?
My sister (14F) has executive dysfunction and I (22F) don't know how to help
me 20 year old f and my fiancé 23 year old m got into a fight yesterday..
I (21/B) just got told by roommate (25/F) that she has started to have feelings for me after I had told her I have feelings for her 4 months ago.
How do I [24F] deal with my coworker [75F] who refuses to communicate or do her job
My sister (14F) has probably executive dysfunction and I (22F) don't know how to help
He [32M] is losing weight and I [25F] am losing attraction
My sister (14F) probably has executive dysfunction and I (22F) don't know what to do
I was blackmailed by a stranger into having sex at the church I work at. Should I leave my job/church to help heal?
My (27M) girlfriend (27F) can get very upset if she sees me look at another woman
I (21M) am dating a really hot girl (19F) and I feel bad...
I found a condom in my boyfriend’s drawer
I (B/21) just got told by my roommate (F/25) she's started to have feelings for me after I told her 4 months earlier.
BF (27m) of 5 years decided to break up with me (25 F) this is his first relationship and feels like he isn’t ready to commit.
Does he (31M) like me (26F) or am I reading into things?
Am I being too sensitive?
S/o is losing weight and I'm not as attracted to him
Does he (29M) like me (24F) or am I reading into things?
Estranged kids
the girl (21) i am with can never say yes to me about anything without talking to her mom first ..is this bad ...
I was blackmailed into having sex at the church I work at. Should I find a new job and church to help heal?
I (28f) just found out my bf (26m) of 6 months updated his Tinder profile a few days ago
Fiances ex wife turned his kids against him
My (F21) girlfriend (F24) keeps projecting her eating disorder onto me
What's the best website/app for watching movie together? (m21)
My girlfriend (19F) is mad at me (20M) for telling a little lie.
What's the best website/app to watch a movie with gf far away?
I found a condom in my boyfriend’s drawer
My (25f) boyfriend (27m) wants me to gain weight.
I M(23) am having trouble asking my gf (FM22) on a date. Any suggestions?
Does anyone else regret lying?
My (25f) boyfriend (27m) is asking me to gain weight.
(20M) tells a little white lie to (19F) / Relationship length: 5 months
My father [m/58] met up with transgender s*x worker during global crisis..
So I (M23) and my gf (FM22) have dated for 2 years but I never asked her out how can I?
What should I do and what do you think is in store for me?
Am I being insecure?
I’m having a little trouble finding the words to ask out my girlfriend. Would anybody be able to assist me?
How do I ask him out after a hookup?
Should I ask my wife about a 4 year old insult?
My girlfriend (24) struggles with depression and i (26) dont know if i can take it anymore
Should I confront my wife about past shit talking?
My [25M] girlfriend [24F] of two years expects me to be able to cheer her up when she's sad
What should I do??
The jealousy of my girlfriend [25 F] causes unnecessary fights and I [26 M] don't know what to do
My father [m/58] just visited transgender s*x worker during the global crisis.
Am I being insecure?
Am I [21M] overthinking in my relationship too much?
Should I even attempt to reconnect with an old friend I pushed away?
I have not had any income since March 10th.My electricity was shut off 4 days ago
My girlfriend (f17) lied to me (m17), and I can't trust her anymore... what should I do?
What should I do with this relationship?
My girlfriend (f17) lied to me (m17), and I can't trust her anymore... what should I do?
My girlfriend lied to me, and I can't trust her anymore... what should I do?
My (18M) girlfriend (17F) of one year is about to start taking two SSRI’s or more simply anxiety and depression medication.
How do I convince my religious mother that I will not baptize my baby?
GF (20) thinks I (M 23) don't care because I don't react
My husband (38m) is all kickback, all the time and I'm (32F) running out of patience
Gf (20) feels like I (M23) don't care because I don't react much
Attachment styles. Is she (22F) avoidant? I (24M) am unsure
GF thinks I don't care because I don't react to things how she expects
Patrice O'Neal was right... Men have All the Bait!
What are your thoughts on a girl proposing instead of a guy?
Am I overthinking too much in our relationship?
I [20F] don't know what to do about my porn addict boyfriend [24]
How can I convince my religious mom that I will not Baptize my baby?
I [30F] have doubts about my partner [32M] and I don't know what to do
How do I [28F] get my family to stop contacting me about my dad who died?
I think my relationship is ending and I don’t know how to proceed..
Need Relationship Advice
My husband (38M) is all kickback all the time and it's ruining our marriage (32F)
My best friends girlfriend [m32+f19] tried to sleep with me after he cheated on her, and now I [m34] have been blamed and cut out. How should I feel?
I (25F) am not sure how to be patient with how my bf (24F) handles arguments
My [21F] boyriend [25M] of 9 months said my boobs are too small and I'm really heartbroken
My BF (30M) and I (30F) are now in a fight over Cinco de Mayo
My gf [26] is pushing me [25] into getting job during the quarantine
I'm too nervous to speak to him
Crazy confusing questions/options for a tired brain in need of clarity 🥴🧠💥
SO (33m) handled our dog badly and I (33f) don't know how to cope
Me [30f] and my husband [30m] never fight and tolerate each other
My GF [26] is really stressing me [25] to get a better job during the quarantine, but has to be very specific.
my highschool boyfriend is still seeing his friends despite stay at home orders
I'm too ‘nervous’ to talk to him
My expectations are unhealthy
My expectations are unhealthy
Did I overreact about this?
Am I crazy ?
I get so nervous I can't speak to him
Break up due to lifestyle differences?
Do shy guys like me [18M] ever get to have a girlfriend?
SO (33m) handled our dog badly and I (33f) don't know how to cope
my boyfriend still seeing his friends during quarantine
He [27M] initiates conversation and after I [28F] reply its takes him hours, or sometimes a full day to reply... so I ignored his last message, should I call him out on it to end the interactions if he texts me again?
Friends and I betrayed a mutual and want him back in the group
I couldn’t but aside the fact she shared a name with my aunt /:
I (22M) think my ED (That Ive never had with previous partners) has ruined a connection with a (22F) I was getting to really enjoy.
I have severe trust issues - I can't tell if I'm seeing actual red flags, or if I'm just creating issues.
I (F20) believe that my parents (49M and 47F) should get divorce
I'm so bad at trusting that I'm having a hard time knowing if something is a "red flag" or my own insecurities/being paranoid. I have an anxiety disorder and I've seen it destroy relationships by overthinking.
Tl;Dr i got back with my ex but I can’t help but feel a bit insecure and unsettled
My (18F) boyfriend (17M) is bad at guitar
My Boyfriend Struggles at Foreplay
Boyfriend [28M] and I [26F] in a standoff - all because I won't sign a petition?
I (26/f) don't know how to feel about my boyfriend (31/m) anymore.
28F Scared to Leave
My (44F) son (21M) wants to move back home because he was cheated on
(29) yr old girlfriend wants to build on our friendship while working on herself, is this sustainable?
I (22M) think my ED (That Ive never had with previous partners) has ruined a connection with a (22F) I was getting to really enjoy.
Boyfriend Struggles at Foreplay
I am confused and lost
I (29F) broke up with boyfriend (28m) and he won't stop texting me
This has caused me great stress this week - I need advice!
I believe that my (F20) parents (49M and 47F) should divorce
How to have a healthy relationship
My [19F] fiancé [24M] watched the new stares movie without me
My [26M] dog wants to eat his [21M] cat, and my sister [24F] is a PITA
I’m (f24) in a relationship (m19) it’s been 6 months, I’m just going to keep messing things up. Those of you who have been/ are in long term relationships I would like your advice...
My fiancé watched the new Star Wars movie without me
I [44M] have feelings surrounding breaking up with my ex [44F] years ago and have questions as to if they are normal.
My (M19) ex (F19) has just told me that she has been in a relationship with a mutual friend for the past two months. We broke up just 3 months ago with her telling me that she "loved me" but was struggling with mental health issues and needed space before we could be together again.
My mums anti vaxxer beliefs mean she is refusing to see my 93 year old grandad (her dad)
My (22F) and Boyfriend (22M) have disagreements on certain topics and it affects me a little
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) is often on his phone and doesn’t initiate intimacy
I [74M] have feelings of responsibility for my ex [18.0001F] years after break up and would like advice on healing.
Questions years post break up (Lots of I's)
Should I actually end my relationship because my family want me to?
Feelings after a break up. (lots of 'I's)
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) Uses his phone a lot with me and doesn’t initiate intimacy as much as I’d like
My boyfriend like to disappear after a fight
Negative feeling about a possible relationship.
My girlfriend of 5 months wants me to visit her during quarantine. What should I do? [20F + 22M]
He(33M) was watching porn while I(27f) was laying in his lap...
my boyfriend (22m) and i (24f) have still not have sex and it’s been over a year
I (F18) said I love him (M18)... on accident
i (f24) have been in a relationship with my boyfriend (m23) for over a year and we’ve still not had sex
How can I (27f) help my relationship with (30m) while I feel depressed?
Quarantined
Husband came home from deployment feeling “numb” and not himself. Help!
Me (41M); am torn apart by indecisiveness regarding my relationship with my GF. We have issues in communication and also dealing with some practical aspects of life together.
Husband came home from deployment feeling “numb” and not himself. Help!
I don't want my (32F) husband's (34M) grandmother (68F) to live with us because of a messed up secret and it's hurting our relationship with his family
My ex from a year ago drunk texts me, he has a Girlfriend.
My [34f] husband[38m]'s working from home style is driving me crazy
Please HELP to deal with it... (Me 22, her 22)
I (26, f) feel like a ghost in my relationship with my boyfriend (30, m)
I (26, F) feel like a ghost in my relationship with my (30, M) boyfriend
I'm (f22) having trouble dealing with my mental illness and distrust while attempting to have a healthy relationship with my bf (m22)
F25 and M28 need some recommendations
Having problems with my girlfriend as she says I'm not intelligent and she is sapiosexual
14 years down the drain...
I need help I don’t know if this is consider cheating or no?
I need help.
dealing with a mental illness while trying to keep a healthy relationship
I’m emotionally unavailable and it hurts my relationship
It’s been a long road
my partner snaps at me and it makes me feel stupid
Describe your current relationship status.
I (34f) think my long term boyfriend (34m) is an alcoholic.
What am I (26F) doing wrong here?
What am I (26F) doing wrong?
Am I crazy to be worried about my boyfriend’s ex stalking me?
Roomates relationship is escalating and I don’t know what to do.
what did you do with your ex's old stuff when they moved out?
Still good friends with my Ex's mum
Me [48F] with my friend [53F] of 22 years, am I wrong for ghosting her?
My(32M) GF(32F) talks to me, when I answer back she withdraws from convo
Fiancé [M30] is selectively forgetful so I’m [F32] trying something different.
Fiancé [M30] is forgetful and doesn’t try to work on it, so I [F33] did something different today.
My (25m) girlfriend's (26f) emotions are exhausting
Am I foolish for considering walking away from my partner who genuinely loves me, unconditionally?
He became distant and now just wants to be friends. Am I wrong to be angry?
Am I right to not want to be his friend?
Am I[20M] being unreasonable in asking for some basic communication from a self professed "bad texter" [19F]?
I'm not sure what is going on with me
Love is not the cheat code for relationships. It fucking helps a lot but you still have to play the game.
How did your relationship recover from major issues?
Why your partner is perfect towards his friends or family but bad or different towards his partner?
I'm not sure what to feel...
Superb
Do I (26F) lose weight to possibly improve our (26M) sex life?
How do I stop my mum from invading my life?
Have I been cheated on? (really long COVID-19 relationship conundrum)
How should I(27M) convince my brother(29M) to not drive to his recently separated wife’s(25F) house?
Toxic Relationship Ended
Reflection on one of a past relationship
My (24f) partner (31m) and I are really struggling because of our mental health issues but we REALLY want to get through it together.
My (25F) girlfriend said she will leave her family once she comes out as having a trans partner (27M), but changed her mind.
How Can I (20F) Help An Ex-BestFriend That Has Depression Without Making Her (19F) Think That I Want To Be Friends Again
I (21F) met a guy (24M) things were good at first but now it’s different and I’m unsure of what to do
My boyfriend of 2 years broke up with me and I feel so lost and empty
Me(22M) and my ex(22F) have decided to start dating and see if we can get back to loving each other, any good advice? i want to succeed
I [26F] just found out my Ex’s [25M] mom is suffering from brain cancer and doesn’t have much time.
My boyfriend of 2 years broke up with me and I feel so lost and empty
He [33] has a fetish that doesn't turn me [27] on. How do I let him know without disappointing him too much?
How do I make my bf understand that he's not the reason I don't want to have sex at the moment?
Just food related problems with my bf that ticked me off. Enjoy!
How do I make my bf understand that he's not the reason we're not having sex at the moment?
I'm so confused... was I (29F) in an abusive relationship with (31M)?
My boyfriend has a fetish that doesn't turn me on. How do I let him understand this?
I'm so confused... was I (29F) in an abusive relationship?
Difference: couple coach, couple therapist or mentor couple
Me and my ex have decided to start dating and see if we can get back to loving each other, any good advice? i want to succeed
I [F21] am trying to decide who i should stay with.
My boyfriend [M21] is smoking pot all-day everyday during lockdown and it’s affecting both his personality and our relationship. I don’t know where I stand.
Falling For My Girlfriends Friend/Co-Worker
Me and my ex have decided to start dating and see if we can get back to loving each other, any good advice? i want to succeed
My boyfriend [M21] has started smoking pot all-day every-day during quarantine and I [F20] feel like it’s really affecting him as a person and it’s also affecting our relationship.
Is this a break-worthy offense?
Boyfriend (23)admitted to feeling jelous of me (23)
Is this a break-up worthy offense?
My boyfriend is a pothead and while he’s at home during quarantine it is getting out of hand and he can’t do anything without it. I think it’s going to break us up.
Boyfriend(23)admited he is jelous of me (23)
How can I avoid disappointing my mom?
Falling for my Girlfriends Friend/Co-Worker
How can I [18M] make my [17F] girlfriends birthday special under our circumstances
I [29F] want children, but my boyfriend [34M] doesn't.
I am having a hard time moving on because of that. Could you please advice me what do you think? Is what he's saying true?
I’m afraid of disappointing my mom
I [25F] feel betrayed and manipulated by two university friends [25F, 28F]
How can I [18M] make my [17F] girlfriends birthday special under our circumstances
Family obsessed with conspiracy theories
I [F25] am getting increasingly annoyed at my housemates [25F] calculating boyfriend [26M] who has moved in with us
How can I [18M] make my [17F] girlfriends birthday special under our circumstances.
My sons father thinks I’m being an asshole for not bringing our son to get our stuff
My GF(23) tells me(23), she feels pity to have a boyfriend like me.
How to make things better when bringing people home to my parents
My (30F) boyfriend (31M) of two years has an anxiety disorder and I'm afraid it will ruin our relationship
WWYD?
ThrwRS how do i heal from a toxic relationship
Jealous of boyfriend's female friend
bf dumped meee
ThrwRA How do I heal from a toxic relationship
I feel like my Girlfriend 22(f) and I 23(m) are not on the same page in life ( we've been dating for just over a month)
I’m nervous (18M) of messin up a potential relationship with a girl (18F) from my college
I (24 F) think my boyfriend (33M) cheated on me with an escort
Girlfriend broke up with me after a year because she can’t get over the fact I’ve slept with other people before her
So I (18M) am afraid of messing up building a relationship with a (18F) girl from my college.
I have a dilemma
I have a dilemma
My (29/F) boyfriend (30/F) doesn't want my 9 y/o dog in the bedroom.
My boyfriend [31M] and I [28F] got in a fight. I lost it completely and screamed at him in public. I am starting to question my sanity. I love him but he said some absolutely horrific things I can't remove from my mind. I want to forgive him..but should I?
Positive thoughts and vibes. Y’all are all I have.
Is it weird asking my friend why he unfollowed me?
Is it wierd asking him why he unfollowed me?
I [M/27] am my younger brother’s [M/15] guardian, today my neighbor [F/late 40s or early 50s] caught him smoking a cigarette that he stole from me and instead of just knocking on my door, smacked my brother across the face. What do I do here?
My family relationships are in turmoil because of my father's insecurity
My ex (21F) requested me (21M) on instagram, and after a few hours of me not accepting or requesting to follow back, she cancelled the request. What does this mean?
My ex (21F) requested me (21M) on instagram, and after a few hours of me not accepting or requesting to follow back, she canceled the request. What does this mean?
Should I [30M] cut this person [29F] off from my life because of what she's done to me or am I being unreasonable?
My ex (21F) requested me (21M) on instagram, and after a few hours of me not accepting or requesting to follow back, she canceled the request. What does this mean?
My ex (21F) requested me (21M) on instagram, and after a few hours of me not accepting or requesting to follow back, she canceled the request. What does this mean?
Where do I draw the line between mental illness and signs of abuse?
How Do I Regain My Dad's Trust
Boyfriend (34M) and I (29F) are actually becoming more distant and too comfortable while quarantining together
I (20M) misinformed my girlfriend (20F) on weight loss
what do i do?
I misinformed my girlfriend about how to workout and lose weight
Where do I draw the line between mental illness and signs of abuse?
Should I [30M] cut this person [29F] off from my life because of what she's done to me or am I being unreasonable?
what do i do?
How Do I Regain Dad's Trust
What does it mean when your boyfriend is always calling you kind?
Why does him being under the influence without me bother me? I don’t want it to? Am I being controlling?
Is this the end of my friendships too?
Am I in love with one of my close friends? And if so, what should I do?
I Like My Best Friends Sister
Is this the end of my friendships/ relationships
Ones that got away?
I (22M) dont know what to do anymore.. I really want a relationship but it feels like it's never going to happen
My girlfriend passed away and I just need to get this out.
My (f27) partner (m33) is always telling me his excessive glory days stories. It’s driving me nuts. What do I do?
How should I feel?
Idk what to do anymore..
My (f27) partner (m33) is always telling me his excessive glory days stories. It’s driving me nuts. What do I do?
I Broke Up With My Girlfriend Because I Was Insecure
Idk anymore
Me male (16) female(15)
How do I [20 M] approach my crush [Maybe 22 F] who is my neighbor ?
Stuck in lockdown with my extremely irritating mother (62F). What can I (23F) do to become less angry and annoyed by her constantly?
23 and never had a GF
She broke up with me, i knew her during an exchange
Is it worth having a relationship with my sister (7) when I move out? (18F)
"Most men don't marry the woman they love(d) the most. They marry the woman that is around when they are ready to marry".
Girls want to marry the love of their lives, but guys marry based on timing.
I (18F) don't know how to salvage my relationship with my sister (7)
Am I (F24) overreacting?
My Ex cutting herself
Could anyone or should I consider getting past being cheated on during a pandemic?
She broke up with me, i knew her during an exchange
White male dating black female
Getting past cheating during a quarentine
Is it wrong to feel this way?
I'm worried quarantine is putting our sex life on overdrive
What’s it like to regret breaking up with someone?
Me (27f) and my housemate/bestfriend (27f) of 9 years - are they lies or misunderstandings?
Is this love?
Is this love?
High highs and Low lows
My best friend just died, how do I cope?
Bf's past bothers me
How to get over an ex?
My husband won’t go to my best friends wedding with me
My boyfriend wants to sleep with other women. Should I just let him go?
My best friend just died, how do I cope?
My [30/F] SO [34/M] laughed at me breaking down over a fictional character’s death & I feel really upset about it. Am I being ridiculous?
Girlfriend (22F) of 4 yrs occasionally asks if I (22M) would care if she makes out with one of her girlfriends. How should I explain my thoughts to her?
My husband [M27] turned our living room into a farm
My [27/F] boyfriend [26/M] of 6 months thinks I dont treat him as well as I treated my ex [26/M]
27f dating 33m - how open are you about your sexual desires w your SO?
27F seeking advice on possible dom kink?
Is my relationship bad for me?
Can’t stand my bfs brothers gf, what to do?
Me [21M] finds its a little unfair and rude that my gf [20F] puts me below her friends.
27f Serling advice regarding possible dom kink - new to this whole thing
Toxic relationships can also be with work and employers. How I realized my friend (27F) is trapped in her work by her abusive boss(50M).
I[24F] feel as if I am an outsider in my family.
I can’t tell if I’m being gas lighted or not.
FarmVille
Fake friends
Boyfriend shady or am i crazy?
The Elephant In The Room
My ex (23f) started texting me (24m) I don’t feel strong enough to reject her if it comes to it
Toxic relationships can also be with work and employers. How I realized my friend is trapped in her work by her abusive boss.
How to go about being a couple after a break up
Run away from every guy
Did she (22F) just lose interest in me (21M), or is she really just busy?
22 y/o feeling old to be back to dating again....
Why do I always run away from any guy?
Did she lose interest, or is she really that busy?
How do i(male 18) keep my girlfriend(female 19) satisfied during this quarantine when we are apart?
I [18F] confront my bf [19M] about some fishy accounts he was following; he gets upset at me.
I (21 F) and my former friend (21 F) is trying to do everything to bring down my social life and has a grudge against me
My boyfriend wants to sleep with other women. Should I just let him go?
Me (21 F) and my ex (26 F) broke up because she wanted to find herself.
I learned that my [26M] girlfriend [24F] of five years has been cheating on me with my best friend [27M] for the past two months. I'm lost as to what to do.
Is this requirement for a partner strict?
I (17M) don't feel like my father (45M) care about me anymore.
I think my boyfriend [22M] is secretly hoping for me [21F] to get pregnant "on accident" so he can then try to talk me into dropping everything and just go start our life together
How do I (26F) ask my partner (30M) to give me more words of affirmation?
Was my BF’s text really for his dad?
My boyfriend (25 M) doesn't get along with my five year old daughter.
I feel like my dad doesn't care anymore (17M)
Should I break up with my boyfriend?
My (21M) faltering relationship with parents and trouble moving back home to family of 8
Am I wrong to feel betrayed?
I feel like my dad doesn't care about me anymore (17M)
My (25 year old M) boyfriend doesn't get along with my five year old daughter.
My boyfriend [31M] and I [28F] got in a fight. I lost it completely and screamed at him in public. I am starting to question my sanity. I love him but he said some absolutely horrific things I can't remove from my mind. I want to forgive him..but should I?
New Relationships Podcast.
Am I wrong to feel betrayed?
It will never work
Message to the hopeful about developing love... Ended 4 year relationship but better then expected.
How do I (F33) encourage my partner (M33) to get a job?
Not attracted to my bf of 4 years anymore, feel too guilty to initiate the break up
How do I catch up with my friend who just lost his father
Was my BF lying about his text?
Do Women Ever Break up To Force a Man to get his Act Together?
Should I (22F) break up with my live in boyfriend (23M)?
I (24F) wanna break up with my boyfriend (31M) but I’m afraid of hurting his feelings
Message to the hopeful about developing love... Ended 4 year relationship but better then expected.
My (21M) faltering relationship with parents and trouble moving back home to family of 8 [thoughtful advice would be very much appreciated… please]
Do Women Ever Break Up Hoping He'll Shape Up
I (24F) am confused by the guy I'm interested in (34M) and need some clarity
missing them
Should I (22F) break up with my boyfriend (23M)
Do I [24F] have toxic parents, or is this normal behaviour? What should I do?
missing them
Older boyfriend insecure
Boyfriend [M,28] let’s his ex fiancé use his Netflix still. I [F,21], his girlfriend am uncomfortable about this. What do you think?
Quarantin activities away from one another
Boyfriend [M,28] let’s his ex fiancé still use his Netflix and I [21,F] confronted him on it.
My (21) Boyfriend (22) yells every time we have a disagreement
Two Brief Surveys – 20 minutes – Personal Attitudes, Experiences, and Relationships
Boyfriend is still letting his ex fiancé use his Netflix?
My boyfriend [31M] and I [28F] got in a fight. I lost it completely and screamed at him in public. I am starting to question my sanity. I love him but he said some absolutely horrific things I can't remove from my mind. I want to forgive him..but should I?
I’m (23/F) having a hard time.
Should I just surrender or it is worth trying one more time? [19/F][20/M]
I (28F) need advice supporting my husband (29M) who has a chronic illness.
Anyone been in this situation before?
18M if you hadn’t spoken to someone in awhile would you rather they text you or snap you?
Do I [24F] have toxic parents? What to do?
Quarantine problem
My boyfriend [31M] and I [28F] got in a fight. I lost it completely and screamed at him in public. I am starting to question my sanity. I love him but he said some absolutely horrific things I can't remove from my mind. I want to forgive him..but should I?
Are relationships worth it?
My (21) Boyfriend (24) yells every time we have an argument or disagreement
My boyfriend [M/25] and I [F/23] are in a pickle! My boyfriend is depressed and distant lately and missing his friends and family in Germany.
Need some relationship advice
Difference in situations
Need help in Quarantine!
Partner disappears after fights or hard talks...but I crave connection during that time
My(29F) best friend(18F) has bipolar disorder, and I need help learning to cope.
My [24F] stepmother [38F] hides being transgender to my father [44M]
Am I making the right decision?
Am I making the right decision?
Do I have a right to be mad/upset in this situation?
My(29F) best friend(18F) has bipolar and I need help learning how to handle it.
Quarantine problem
I'm thinking about reconnecting with my (20/M) half sister (18/F)
Advice on an old friend turned sour?? :/
I'm thinking about reconnecting with my (20/M) half sister (18/F)
How do I [27F] stop being jealous of my friend [28F] with wealthy parents?
Show him ( M-27 ) a little love during this time? ( F-29)
Can we show him (M-27 ) a little love during this time? (F-29 me)
Is it really okay if I [21 M] break up with my girlfriend [22 F] if I think it's better for her future?
Can we show him (M-27) a little love during this time? (Me F-29)
Is it weird to name a new dog after my dog from childhood?
How do I (24f) get over boyfriend's (23m) ex girlfriend?
I (F20) don’t have feelings for him (M21) any more
Should love be enough?
Trying to choose between two persons
I (M22) think that I've lost interest, among other things in my GF (F23). Clueless as to how to tell her that I want other things.
In a time of isolation can we support him a little?
I feel like the outsider in my group of friends - my ideas are ignored, but when others bring up the same idea they’re celebrated. How can I cope with feelings of inadequacy? Is it worth addressing?
I don’t have feelings for him anymore
I (M22) think that I've lost interest, among other things in my GF (F23). Clueless as to how to tell her that I want other things.
My [M,24] mother [53] and I got into an argument about politics. I hurt her feelings but I don't know if I should apologize.
I [20sF] think my mom's [late 40sF] new boyfriend [late 40sM] got her into an even cultier version of Mormonism.
i (19F) accused my boyfriend (24M) of cheating
Stay together for the kids???
I'm [26F] uncomfortable with my boyfriend staying friends with his ex-fiance?
Is it okay to break up with my girlfriend because I want her to be happier?
TLDR: Father continuously cheats on mum; mum still keeps him. He likes to tell depressed daughter about father's infidelities even though she knows of her fragile state
Boyfriend too honest about weight...
Is my younger sister (20F) who lives with me (26F) being too controlling?
i (19f) accused my boyfriend (24m) of cheating
Trouble getting over boyfriend's [m24] ex gf - Is it normal to feel sad about not being the first?
Can anyone help me please
Always Google Your Online Date If Getting Serious (Not as Obvious to Some, Hence My Story)
What can I do to improve?
(Ex?) boyfriend (29M) of 1 year moving to another state in 3-4 months. I (26F) am down to move, but he's afraid it will go horribly wrong. Help.
What can I do to improve?
What are some list I can do to improve.
Is my love enough?
I've (26F) have been checking my partner's (31M) phone and social media messages because I have trust issues
Long Distance Relationship Stuggle. My boyfriend [M/25] and I [F/23] are at a rough patch in our relationship and I don’t know what to do!
Trouble getting over boyfriend [m24] ex gfs (I'm the same age f24) Is it normal to feel sad about not being the first for some things?
International Relocation
Discussing International Relocation
Issues with commitment. (26M)
Friend says they will likely kill them self after their parents die
How do I make jokes that are well received by women?
My [25f] friend [25f] lost weight, got fit and super social media heavy. Am I a jerk if I remove her from my fitbit?
I [19F] was insulted by a guy [22M] I was interested in and he was dismissive about how upset I was. So I ghosted him. And I thought that was the last I’d have to hear from him.
Met this girl.
How do I make jokes that are well received by women?
I ended things with my girlfriend for personal reasons (she did nothing wrong) but I still love her and can’t see myself loving anyone else.
I [19F] was insulted by a guy [22M] I was interested in and he was dismissive about how upset I was. So I ghosted him. And I thought that was the last I’d have to hear from him.
Should my love be enough?
Distraught over boyfriends ex girlfriends - guys help
I [20F] was insulted by a guy [23M] I was interested in and he was dismissive about how upset I was. So I ghosted him. And I thought that was the last I’d have to hear from him.
Maybe I (M 22) should let my girlfriend (F 20) take the reigns within our relationship
I need help with my younger brother and family
Does it happen to others that they are in a happy, committed relationship but fall a little bit in love with other people from time to time?
Help with my younger brother.
Need advice more details in post
Is it crazy to want to hack your boyfriend’s Instagram?
My(23M) girlfriend(23F) made me to feel horrible without any intention,and that triggered a lot of bad events for our relationship
What’s the difference between romantic love and platonic love?
Can work schedules get in the way of relationships? Is it a valid reason to break up?
Insecure and confusion.!!
My bf is liking provocative photos on Instagram. Am I being immature?
Cut ties with mom?
Cut ties with mom?
I'm 99% sure my gf is cheating on me
I (38M) just finished a temporary restraining order against me from my wife (41F). Where to go from here?
liking provocative photos on instagram. Am I being immature?
Me 24F with incident at school last year- is this email professional or do they not want to deal with this issue anymore?
Please help. I think she’s cheating
Instagram likes... I'm not crazy, I swear.
I am addicted to online chatrooms
My partner hid their mental issues from me
I'm very suspect my gf is cheating on me
I am addicted to online chat rooms
I [28M] ghosted a friend [25F] with whom I slept
My (29F) boy friend (30M) asked me to move in with him and a current roommate of his owns animals I am severely allergic to and she’s refusing to leave after saying she would.
I ended my relationship horribly and I wish I could take it back
Compulsive Liar
My (18y) boyfriend (18y) lives and works with his narcissistic family. His sister (20y) is trying to sabotage our relationship.
23F been with boyfriend 4 years never had an orgasm
Is there any girls that wanna meet in Sydney or anyone
Am I f (28) being super petty in my relationship With m (29)
I (21m) can’t seem to move on from my ex (21f) and begin a new chapter.
My [25m] father [55] insists on talking about politics all the time and it is putting a strain on most people in the family.
Why am i feeling this way?
I (21M) can’t seem to move on from my Ex (21F) & fully turn the page and begin a new chapter.
My (18y) boyfriend (18y) lives in a narcissistic family dynamic. His sister (20y) is trying to sabotage my relationship
My (30M) boy friend rents out his house to people but wants me to move in but had a roommate who has animals I’m severely allergic to.
How did you move on from someone you spent such emotionally intimate and fun moments with?
I (22m) think my girlfriend (21f) is cheating on me
my almost 6 year relationship.
Best sex position
I [22m] think my girlfriend [21f] is cheating on me
I (F21) am having work problems
Domestic Violence Resource Survey
I think my girlfriend is cheating on me
Ever cheated and got away with it
I think my girlfriend is cheating on me
I (38M) just finished a temporary restraining order against me from my wife (41F). Where to go from here?
My S/O is planning to commit suicide tomorrow and I don’t know what to do.
(27m) broke up with my (20f) ex over nothing and I’m starting to miss her.
My step-mom [55f] is furious at me [26f] and my dad [62m] for agreeing that she shouldn't babysit her graund-daughter during covid-19.
I’m (27m) starting to miss my ex I foolishly broke up with (20f)
I (25M) really wish I could just ghost my gf (35F)
Long distance relationship struggles?!
BF and I share a birthday next week but he is refusing to "share" it with me
I F (20) let insecurities stop me from falling in love
I'm a lil bitch an need to say sum shit
BF and I share a birthday- He wants the whole week to be dedicated to him
Insecure F(20)
Unexpected physical contact, confused response.
Insecure
I (33m) don’t fully trust my gf (32f) as she was dumped by her ex fiancé.
I (26f) think my fiance (27m) is emotionally cheating
I wish I could just ghost my GF (25M, 35F)
Unexpected physical contact, unexpected response.
I (27m) would like to learn to put my girlfriend's (25f) needs ahead mine
Do I need to just end it with my M/30 boyfriend or is there some hope?
[UPDATE] (15f) my dad (35m) is being more difficult than ever
[UPDATE] (15f) My dad (35m) is being so difficult
Too Much Talking - How To Redirect My Energy
Does he need to also be a deep thinker/share my philosophies for it to work?
I just ended my 1 YEAR toxic relationship with ex girlfriend and she was a doctor....
Not a relationship thing just something about the subreddit.
Intellectually incompatible or just different?
Rejection
My mom (60F) told my sister (22F) that she doesn’t like my (27F) boyfriend (27M). I feel it’s because he “took me away from her”.
I (22F) am having a hard time not being upset with my workplace
help meeeeeeeee not feel so crazy. PLEASE
My (25/F) SO’s (27/M) religious family disapproved of us moving in together a year ago resulting in me being ostracized from his family. SO wants to continue our relationship but is having problems standing up to his mom in fear of losing her and his family. (Very Long)
[F26] Older sister - Dealing with Terrible Younger Sister [F21]
How do I [22ftm] stop putting people on pedestals?
How do I [22ftm] stop putting people on pedestals?
I’m sorry my dying grandmother inconveniences you.
Older sister [F26] - setting boundaries with terrible younger sibling [F21]
How to handle boyfriend's (26M) leech-like parents?
My SO(28f) and I(27m) are basically in a platonic relationship, and it's killing me.
Is he not that interested if he only texts and doesn't call/video call
I [20M] cheated on my girlfriend [19M] and I really regret it. How do I fix things?
Is he not interested if we only communicate via text and no calls/video calls
Me [31/M] trying to date during Covid [30/F]
My (19f) boyfriend (22m) has been getting really pushy during quarantine and I’m not sure how to talk to him about it.
Girlfriend (28F) kind of complained about how hard it is for her to get off (30M) should I feel anything over this?
Looking for some advice on dating during Covid
Is spending time with a male friend a dealbreaker?
Is this a desperate attempt
Maybe We're (35F & 35M) Not Engaged?
Is this a desperate move?
I [28F] can't get over things my husband [28M] has said to me in anger
Just roomates
I (25/f) have a higher sex drive than my fiancé (36/m) — is this normal? Am I being too needy?
Just roomates
Boyfriend (40M) in love with another (25F)
TL;DR Is sleeping naked with someone else besides my SO cheating (F 19) (M 20)
Is sleeping naked next to someone else besides my SO cheating? (F 19) (M 20)
Is spending time with a male friend a dealbreaker?
Is sleeping naked with someone other than your SO cheating?
I (F 22) Am an Embarrassment to my Husband (M 23)
One-sided conversations between 24M and myself (23F)
Long distance relationship
My (22 m) girlfriend (19 f) always blames me for things that she does as well, am I crazy?
Ideas for a cute gesture for boyfriend?
I (27F) find it difficult to get over what someone in my past did
What does it tell you about a girl that is posting picture of herself on Instagram during a Pandemic?
i love her so much,i think she does as well
How to set boundaries with my boyfriend who has an attitude problem?
i love a girl,she feels kinda the same yet we are not together
Ideas for a nice gesture for my boyfriend?
Will she be back ? (18M) (17F)
How do I [26F] know if boyfriend [24M] is right for me?
One-sided conversations between myself (23F) and 24M
Will she be back? (18M) (17F)
Will she be back?
How to handle boyfriend's (26M) leech-like parents?
Will she be back?
Am I (27m) appearing too eager?
Will she be back? Help
My crush now has a gf after we talked about liking each other help
Will she be back?
Am I (27m) appearing too eager?
Will she be back?
Will she come back?
How do I overcome my insecurities with my boyfriend's close friend/ex-fwb ?
I Can't Stand My Boyfriends Bestfriend
Does it happen to others that they are in a happy, committed relationship but fall a little bit in love with other people from time to time?
I’ve never felt love like this before. I need some help.
Is true love real?
Boyfriend and FWB
Boyfriend and FWB
Can a physically abusive spouse change?
Is this married man/coworker acting a little too interested/personal/weird with me?
[21M] What does she [19F] thinks of me?
Convinced my Boyfriend's (26M) Parents are Leeching His Soul
I’ve never felt love like this before. But i need help.
How to accept my past and heal my insecurities and my self esteem very long post
My (20F) childhood friend (20F) has changed a lot and I don't know if I should keep the relationship going.
Update: My [19F] boyfriend [20M] doesn’t want to do LDR with me
Guys, have you ever looked at an attractive woman and thought about f**king her throat?
Do you think spite for a different girl is a bad starting point for a relationship?
My [F17], old best Friend [F,17] deleted me but is contacting me again
My GF (20F) doesn't enjoy sex but wants to do it for me (20M) but I feel bad about it
(21M) When do i stop hurting ?
Me [21F] with my bf [29 M] of 2 years, struggling with anxiety about long distance
Is dating supposed to be fun? It doesn't feel like it now. Looking for some guidance... [23F]
How does happiness from a loving relationship feel?
He chose me, but resents me for it.
I (21M) can’t move on (3y)
CHEATERS CAUGHT RED HANDED
I (f27) want to learn to get over insecurities to have better sex with husband (m29)
My (20F) childhood friend (20F) has really changed and I don't know if I should keep the relationship going.
Divorce as a Christian? Husband (40M), me (40F)
Is this the end of our (24, M and F) 7 years long relationship? And how to deal with such a break up?
Should I (21M) hope for the future ?
Is it okay that I (29M) don't enjoy sharing hobbies with my partner (23F)?
Moving On
My friend (25M) wants to date me (19F) but I'm not sure because of my sister
DAE hold back in sex due to insecurities? Me (f27) husband (m29)
Is it okay that I (29M) don't want to share hobbies with my partner (23F)?
Insecurities holding me back in sex
My boyfriend (21M) of four years wants to know everything about my (21F) affair of 2 months.
Divorce as a Christian
I (22F) came out to my parents (61F, 65M) and I think I permanently ruined my relationship with my mother by doing it.
At a Fork in the Road
Post vacation break up?
I feel like I’m at a fork in the road, and I don’t know which way to go.
My[29F] online friends[20-23M/F] are all way younger than me and have someone[19M] interested in dating me who's very young. I didn't know their ages before and feel extreme guilt for seeming creepy. Am I over-reacting?
Parent’s opinionated social media posts give me anxiety.
CONSENT
My ex-boyfriend (26m) dumped me (29f) coldly after days of insisting he loved me and we could work through problems (his mother is a factor, she controls his finances)
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) has been stationed in the military for 2 years and I think I'm falling for another man (33M).
Should I let this girl know I have feelings for her now, or should I wait until quarantine is over and I can see her face to face ?
I (23F) have ADHD and I need better outlets/ideas for adventures so I don’t overwhelm my boyfriend (24M) all the time.
Sexual Private Instagram Accounts
Do you remember or did time make you forget your first relationship? Like the feelings and all of the stuff that came with it. I’ve had mixed opinions when asking people.
My ex-boyfriend (26m) coldly dumped me (29F) after repeated assurances of love and our 'future' together (his mother is a huge factor, she controls his finances)
Do you remember or did time make you forget your first relationship? Like the feelings and all of the stuff that came with it. I’ve had mixed opinions when asking people.
They should teach people about relationships and love early in school
Roommate eats my food
I've (24M) been going out with this amazing girl (25F) for sometime, but now I feel like there's nothing in this relationship beyond friendship.
CONSENT
Roommate eats my food
Approaching the Ex conversation.
My [24M] girlfriend [22F] in a new LDR shuts down due to stress. I don't know how to communicate with her
My (29F) BF (29M) has become resentful of me and feels I steamroll him in all decisions, how do I make him feel heard without losing my mind?
I (16/M) got rejected by my bestfriend (14/F) who I am very worried about at the moment
My boyfriend (23M)has a porn addiction that has ruined all trust and communication we had. I (23F) am disgusted by him, but more disgusted by myself for staying with him. I feel so alone and trapped because of this quarantine and too embarrassed to talk to my friends or family. Please help me.
I (24f) am having issue figuring out how to cope with the news of my estranged Aunts (50s,f) suicide.
My (30/F) boyfriend's (29/M) friend's (29/M) girlfriend (29/F) is getting on my last nerve during this quarantine.
My girlfriend (23F) won't baby sit my (23M) son.
How do I [M26] give my girlfriend [F24] of 5 years the birthday she deserves despite still being stuck in quarantine?
My (40M) wife (37F) just bought a dog while I was away, despite me repeatedly telling her not to. We aren't in a financial situation to own a dog. How do I proceed?
Ex girlfriend "just friends"
Me [27]M and my GF [24]F bought a house but we still spend all of our time at her parents house
My girlfriend (23F) won't babysit my (23M) 3-year-old son.
My (25m) friend (23f) didn't wish me a happy birthday
My friend didn't wish me a happy birthday
My (40M) wife (37F) just bought a dog while I was away, despite me repeatedly telling her not to. We aren't in a financial situation to own a dog. How do I proceed?
...Learning from your mistakes...
My boyfriend (32M) is super attached with his family, specially with is mother! I am (30F)Afraid that we could neglect our future forming family for his origin family
Wtf is wrong with this girl??(20F) how can I (20M) trust anyone with my heart ever again??
My (32m) boyfriend still has Tinder
I will never have a good relationship with my future in-laws?
LDR BF is ignoring me completely
I [28M] just got out of a 2 year relationship, and after 2 months of no contact me and my (25F) ex are gonna try to be friends
Wtf is wrong with this girl??(20F) how can I (20M) trust anyone with my heart ever again??
Boyfriend never tells me anything about his family
Wtf is wrong with this girl?? How can I trust someone with my heart again??
I [F22] feels extremely insecure with my bf’s [M23] best friend, [F25] a girl he used to date.
Can’t wait for boyfriend to go back to work
My (27f) boyfriend (32m) has a Tinder still
Can’t wait for fiancé to go back to work
Relationship problem
Been told that my [21M] girlfriend [24F] refers to me just as "someone she knows"
Online “friend” not responding?
Herpes, help
Online “friend” not responding...
Is it possible that my ex[15M] still has feelings for me[15M]? Something happened recently and I am really confused
My boyfriend (28M) hates when I (27F) express any negative feelings.
Katerino pretending to like CallMeCarson for fame
Our friends [30-33F] sent my husband [33M] birthday dinner without checking to see if I [30F] had plans (I did)
I’m (21f) stuck between keeping my brother (17m) and boyfriend (23m) happy.
Our friends sent my husband birthday dinner without checking to see if I had plans (I did)
My bf told me he loves me and I said it back even though I didn’t mean it. Should I tell him?
Fear of absolutely everything that is new, including personal life
I’m giving her a taste of her own medicine, and she doesn’t like it.
I said “I love you” to my boyfriend without meaning it. Should I tell him?
Our friends sent my husband birthday dinner without checking to see if I had plans (I did)
Have you found a great new relationship after a break-up made you think you never would?
What should I do?
My boyfriend (28M) hates when I (27F) express any negative feelings.
Guy (18M) that I'm (21F) talking to seems uninterested, how should I proceed??
My ex [18]F told me that she doesn't see a future anymore with me [19]M Need some advice and help
Anyone else in their 30s feel like they destroyed all relationships when in your prime (20s) and now your ship has sailed?
I(22M) don't know how to interact with my very good friend(22F) who also happens to be my ex.
I got my Ex elected as Student Body President
Should I create emotional distance between me (26F) and Fiance (24M)
How could I [26F] ask my mom to not invite my ex best friend [29F] after she had a child with my little brother [19M]?
Do I (25F) confront my married dad (65M) about finding Tinder on his phone?
The guy (18M) I'm (21F) talking to seems uninterested, I'm not sure how to proceed?
Should I give my (25f) boyfriend (23m) permission to fart in front of me or should I enjoy a fartless romance?
My 25F boyfriend 23M of 2 years doesn't want to move to talk about our future.
Am I (35f) a bad person for thinking about abandoning my partner (38m) during this pandemic?
My ex [18]F says that she doesn't see a future with me [19]M. Any advice really helpful, thanks
GF(20f) is going to break up with me (21m) for playing pathfinder after her aunts funeral and setting my own personal boundaries
Abandonment and trust issues worse (20M) (18F)
Dreaming about same girl for 10 years, not my wife
Ex-boyfriend (32M) says he is confused and lost, and I (35F) don't know what he wants from me
Trust and abandonment issues worse (20M) (18F)
Trust and abandonment issues worse (20M) (18F)
I(22M) don't know how to interact with my very good friend(22F) who also happens to be my ex.
I(23M) am jealous of my girlfriends(22F) celebrity crush.
I'm(23M) jealous of my GF's(24F) celebrity crush.
Seeking men in the central United States to buy my girlfriend packages
Pornographic Instagram accounts while in a committed relationship... to follow or not to follow?
(Relationships) My (29M) girlfriend (26F) has an ex in the picture and their relationship bothers me, what should I do to help me get over it?
Following pornographic Instagram accounts while in a committed relationship... to do or not to do?
I [25F] left a bad relationship last fall. How to deal with loss of friend who chose the other side and dealing with ex fiancé [27M] still semi in life.
Feeling Mixed Emotions Toward My Wife
I [25F] left a bad relationship in November. Friend I thought I had took other side in the break up. Also how to deal with ex fiancé [27M] still semi in life.
Does she(F24) really see me (M29) as a friend?
Do you get affected if you can't make your man orgasm and cum?
Gf have been complaining about work every single day
My father has no money and I want to enter the field of conservation which will not earn me enough money to take care of my parents, what can I do?
Does she (F24) really see me (M29) as a friend?
I (20f) cut off contact with my family. Grandma (74f) is dying. Im hysterical and unsure what to do.
Gf have been complaining about work every single day
My boyfriend wants me to accomplish this and that prior settling down I sometimes feel like he's using me
Girlfriend says sex is repetitive and not what it used to be.
Do you get affected if you can't make your man orgasm and cum?
I (20f) cut off contact with my family. Grandma's (74f) dying. Im hysterical and unsure what to do
Love in Times of Corona + looking for couples to participate in a study about relationships during COVID-19
Girlfriend says sex is repetitive and not what it used to be.
My bf and me are having some issues due to covid but also because he hasn't told me he loves me after 13 months together. It's starting to really hurt my feelings and I don't know how to bring it up.
my friend introducing me to her friend
I (30M) just had a talk with my ex-GF? (28F) of 3 months. It did not go well and it doesn't seem we can communicate. Is there anywhere to go from here?
My bf and me are having some issues due to covid but also because he hasn't told me he loves me after 13 months together. It's starting to really hurt my feelings and I don't know how to bring it up.
Why aren’t these hoes loyal??
My boyfriend wants me to accomplish this and that prior settling down I sometimes feel like he's using me
I [22F] want answers from my kind of ex [23M] after a dumbfounding, drunken Valentine’s Day rekindling
I [22F] cannot comprehend this guys [23M] mixed signals
How can I (F25) figure out what’s more important in a relationship?
Is she pregnant by me?
My (27M) mother (55F) sent me texts with divorce links days before my wedding - how bad is this?
Is she pregnant by me?
How could I ask the girl I like if I can come just to hang out without making it awkward or weird?
How do I ask the girl I like if we can hang out?
[UPDATE] I [18m] joined my girlfriend's[19f] church and I'm starting to regret it.
How do I ask the girl I like if we could hang out?
[UPDATE] I [18m] join my girlfriend's church [19f] and I'm starting to regret it.
My [23M] girlfriend [22F] has more or less guilted me into moving in with her, far from my job.
Did I (23m) cause my gf (23f) to end a friendship of hers?
My uncle(54 m) left his wife(51 f) for someone 30 years younger and everyone is mad at ME.
My (26F) schizophrenic brother (29M) is being told my his college doctor to stop his meds
[UPDATE] I joined my girlfriend's church and now I'm starting to regret it.
Does my friend sound sketchy?
How do I ask the girl I like if I can come over so we can hang out?
How do I ask the girl I like if I can come over and hang out? Info in the bottom text
Does it sound like my friend is sketchy?
My uncle(54 m) left his wife(51 f) for someone 30 years younger and everyone is mad at ME about it.
Did I marry a racist?
How to NOT react?
My boyfriend is more and more into conspiracy theories and I feel we can’t talk anymore.
Anyone marry someone with racist ideas?
My (22M) ex-boyfriend`s GF always posts bad stuff about me (22F) on her Facebook wall and still follows my posts so every time she sees something on my wall she assumes it`s about her, then she`ll badmouth me on her wall LOL
How to NOT react?
I (F35) have difficulty letting small things go in the moment with partner (M32)
Can't help but feel fear and disgust over other's certain fetishes.
My [28F] boyfriend [27M] of 7 months talks badly about his appearance and I'm not sure how to approach it.
How can I [25M] find a cute tiny Chinese girlfriend?
I am very in the dark about my crush
Anyone marry a racist and you’re a different ethnicity?
Getting over partner's FWB during break
I've [27M] just met her [20F] at a course and I would like your opinion
Insecurity getting in the way of my relationships with everyone
I (F35) have difficulty letting small things go with my partner (M32)
Relationship vs career/finance - late 20s, what would you do?
I (22F) am upset with my workplace and I’m not sure if I’m overreacting
Getting over FWBs of partner during break
How do I ask the girl I like (who I'm sure likes me) that I want to come over to HANG OUT?
Corona “Burn-Out”: Did a Journalist already establish this as a topic? I [24F] haven’t slept in two days and needed a place to vent. Sorry if this isn’t the place for this!
My (22M) ex-boyfriend`s GF always posts bad stuff about me (22F) on her Facebook wall and still follows my posts so every time she sees something on my wall she assumes it`s about her, then she`ll badmouth me on her wall LOL
My (F19) gave me an ultimatum and I dont know what to choose.
My ex-boyfriend`s GF always posts bad stuff about me on her Facebook wall and still follows my posts so every time she sees something on my wall she assumes it`s about her, then she`ll badmouth me on her wall LOL
Sister is a Narcissist but I Want a Relationship with my Nephew
Brother (28M) refusing to buy food since I(23f) said I would tell our parents if he invited a friend over
Friend adds charges to my phone account
I (25M) fallen in love with a manipulating female and liar (23f)
Have I (19M) messed things up with my crush(20F) M
I (25M) fall in love with a manipulating and liar female (23F) and still have some feelings.
Trying to get back together with an Ex who is in a bad spot.
What can we do about my neighbors car?
I have a sex question
What to do with toxic family?
Was my (27f) boyfriend (30m) unsupportive about my depression or am I overly sensitive?
Love in Times of Corona
Relationship vs career/finance - late 20s, what would you do?
Did my (21f) boyfriend (26m) just sexually assault me? (NSFW)
My Suicide submission was removed
My (29M) parents and friends are still angry over me not attending a family reunion last year.
Roommate issues,, help!!!
[20/m] I got into an argument with an internet friend (22/m) and now can't stop thinking about it.
Should we cut off toxic family?
Should I be worried that my boyfriend has so many friend friends?
Have you ever broken up with someone for what felt like no reason? *gut feelings*
How to get over the fact that my (20F) first boyfriend (21M) had a previous serious relationship?
Should I give my (25f) boyfriend (23m) permission to fart in front of me or should I enjoy a fartless romance? (Serious!)
How to deal with toxic family
When you (26F/M) can't laugh together anymore?
Me (27M) confused if I should try to salvage a situation with a guy I had two dates with (28M) who left me towards the end of the second without even saying goodbye in February.
Have you ever broken up with someone for what felt like no reason?
I am looking to marry, any tips on relationship longevity?
I'm looking to marry, what can I do to help our longevity?
Is my ex holding on to my stuff just in case?
Should I be worried that my boyfriend has so many female friends?
My (35m) marriage with my (36f) wife is has me emotionally worn down to the bone.
My(24F) boyfriend(27M) is constantly liking photos of models on Instagram and I'm having a hard time moving past it.
8 months pregnant quarantined with cheating fiancé
Very confused about my (24F) boyfriend (24M) of 2 years
Is my ex holding on to my stuff just in case?
Roommate issues,, help!!!
My wife and I are trying for a kid!
Special date ideas for my boyfriend (18M) and I (18F)
Is my ex holding on to my things just in case?
My (24F) boyfriend (27M) is constantly liking photos of models on instagram and I don't know how to move past it.
Date ideas for my boyfriend(18M) and I (18M)
Today I feel like is the day to end my life
Is my ex keeping my stuff just in case?
Today I feel like is the day to end my life
Best date ideas for my boyfriend(18M) and I (18M)
My (35m) marriage to my (36f) wife has me emotionally worn me down to the bone, lacking a personal identity.
Looks, body or personality?
Horrible roommate, ur gonna wanna hear this one
Ex attempting to start conversations about random topic
My (22M) girlfriend (22F) read through my group chat with my friends and is upset
Difficult Marriage with 3 Children
Ex keeping my stuff just in case?
Is this unrequited love? Ambiguity in times of COVID-19 and a lot of anxiety
Game suggestions to play tonight
Should I (20'sF) tell my friend (20'sF) that her on/off boyfriend (20'sM) is shady?
In Search of things to play, talk or discuss with my boyfriend
Sad over breakup.
I can't cope with his tranny lust
Is this unrequited love? Ambiguity in times of COVID-19 and how to handle it in a crucial moment
My girlfriend (20F) doesn’t want to see me (20M) anymore because she’s bored
In search of things to do with my boyfriend tonight
Is it strange?
My boyfriend (26M) criticizes me (25F) all the time
Internal crossroads with myself [25M] and my wonderful relationship with my Fiance [24F]
M27 been emailing my ex 28 in secret
COVID depression: I miss my bf and... I don’t?
M27 been emailing my ex 28 in secret
Me (27M) confused if I should try to salvage a situation with a guy I had two dates with (28M) who left me towards the end of the second without even saying goodbye.
Sister[25F] Having Issues communicating with her baby's father [26M] regarding their song [1.5M]. She's looking for legal advice for setting a firm "share time(?)" with the baby.
Been emailing my ex and talking to her in secret
COVID depression: I miss my bf and... I don’t?
My (24f) boyfriend (25m) and I have been together for 4.5 years and everything is just so beyond complicated at this point it’s just making me extremely sad
Got (20M) back into contact with ex (21F) but it feels weird.
UPDATE: Should I (m25) cut off the girl (23f) I'm seeing cause I don't want to be exclusive and she can't stay away?
I (19F) cannot talk to my dad (58M) without him exploding.
I can't cope with his fantasy/fetish
how do i stop missing someone????/heal
Should I end a decade long friendship? Please help!
Me (26 F) Him (25 M) My boyfriend is acting distant... What should I do?
I caught my mother (51F) giving a bj to my boyfriend (23M)
Broke up with my ex of 6 years. I moved on too quick now I’m pregnant by another man.
COVID coping styles not a match between me (31F) and my husband (33M)
I caught my boyfriend (23M) getting a blow job from my mother (51F)
My [27f] SO [28m] thinks he’s bisexual
Are platonic nudes to the opposite sex really platonic?
Are platonic nudes just platonic?
SO (25M) posts a semi-nude picture online and I'm bothered.
Asking for help from my GF during tough times
SO posts semi-nude on social media
I feel so much guilt for leaving
My boyfriend called me his ex’s name
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) of 2 years doesn't want to work over summer break and would rather just get an unemployment check
How do you talk to girls
How do I (28F) tell my boyfriend (29M) of 6 months about a newly-discovered STI?
Got (20M) back into contact with ex (21F) but it feels weird.
My [29 F] husband [31 M] (together 9 years) left me for two weeks to visit his brother a 15 hour drive away during COVID?
I [M27] am insecure about the number of past sexual partners my Gf [F24] has had
My (F28) relationship with my GF (30) is strained because her brother doesn’t like me.
Any advice on how to deal with my mom?
Today my boyfriend called me pathetic.
I (28M) need help figuring out what to do with my (36F) something. Polyamorous relationship that does not work at all.
My (F28) relationship with my gf (30) is strained because her brother doesn’t like me.
Bad reactions to performance anxiety
I[M27] am having a very difficult time accepting my Girlfriends [F24]sexual past
My boyfriend [M23] lied to me [F22] about his major & graduation date and I’m not sure if I can trust him?
MY BF BROKE UP WITH ME. SAME AGE (24) AND LONG DISTANCE EVER SINCE.
When did you realized you had feelings for your significant other?
Mom Of Girls, t-shirts
Dreaming about same girl for 10 years, not my wife
My boyfriend [M23] lied to me [F22] about his major & graduation and I’m not sure if I can trust him?
A plea for advice on giving space effectively from a 25yo guy...
21F me, 22M I dated a "nice guy" for 3 months and he still tries to contact me after I dumped him, I'm scared, I think he's obsessed.
SAME AGE (24) MY BF BROKE UP WITH ME. LDR EVER SINCE.
My M[25] ex girl F[23] refuses to come around my family because they had past issues and it’s causes problems for us because I want to work it out
UPDATE: Should I (m25) cut off the girl (23f) I'm seeing cause I don't want to be exclusive and she can't stay away?
Unsure Where My [22F] 'Relationship' with my FWB [24M] Stands
I(24F) can't go to my partner (24M) to cry for emotional support, what can I do?
Me 21F, him 22M he keeps looking for me and I'm scared, we only dated 3 months but "I'm the love of his life"
Being independent
Nervous that current world events and the past will affect my (37) and hopefully soon-to-be fiancées (32) engagement and marriage.
I (15M) am struggling with very severe PTSD in the midst of my relationship (2Y) with my (15F) girlfriend and am considering leaving
My FWB [24M] isn't talking to me [22F] after he was being affectionate
How can I effectively give space to my girlfriend when she lives in another country? From a 25yo guy
Is it normal to NOT be able to cry to your partner?
Me (15M) Dealing with severe PTSD in the midst of my relationship with my (15F) girlfriend of 2 years
Am I overthinking or do I trust my gut
Giving space effectively. A plea for help from a 25yo guy...
Am I in a relationship with my best friend?
Update to my (25f) boyfriend (21m) seemingly moving out
I (17F) get flashbacks every time I try to engage in sexual activities with my (18M) boyfriend
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and still a virgin. No attractive women 20sF like me. I hate my life because attractive women don't like me. I hate husbands of the women who rejected me.
I (F35) and (M43) are having issues regarding our relationship
Is it normal to NOT be able to cry to your partner?
Bad reactions to performance anxiety
Should I text him?
I (24/F) love my best friend (29/M) so darn much.
Is he still interested despite the lockdown?
Should I keep my distance?
My mom (F45) and I (F16) can't communicate and it's making both our lives very hars
I (35F) am having trouble with a man (43M)
My ex[28]F cheated on me [23]M for our entire 2-3 year relationship and gaslit me nonstop. How do I heal from this?
My [28F] friend [28F] just got engaged to the guy [30M] I'm in love with
My mom (F45) and I (F17) can't communicate and it's making both our lives miserable
[RANT/Advice] two years later, my gf (27) and i (27M) keep fighting every few days and break up, and its always her that starts it
I (35F) am having trouble with a man (43M)
All I’m asking is for attention (F27)
How do I[23m] get over my now ex[28F] cheating on me and lying about it for over 2 years? I feel crippled.
Is he only responding to be polite?
My (M31) jealousy needs to get dealt with once and for all or I'll push my current squeeze away (F28)
My (F23) Boyfriend (M24) seemed like he doesn't care about the Abortion we were having
I (F20) can't tell if my boyfriend (M20) is sick in the head or if this is normal?
How to stop jealousy rearing its head in my personal relationships..like really?
ME 25 HER 20 claims she dont want a relationship but is in one.
What can I say on stage for my best friend?
ME 25 HER 20 claims she dont want a relationship but is in one.
Got (20M) back into contact with ex (21F) but it feels weird.
ME 25 HER 20 claims she dont want a relationship but is in one.
Do Your Worst
How do I (25F) tell my boyfriend (34M) that I don’t want to hear stories about his ex?
I (19F) gave my boyfriend (21M) an ultimatum and now I kinda wish I wouldn’t have
My (26M) gf (21F) of 2 months dumped me to pursue a relationship with a fling from the recent past.
I (31F) want to send a care package to a friend (30F), but what to send?
Confused by my (31F) partner's (31M) journal
My (26M) GF (21F) dumped me to pursue a relationship with someone they met online before our relationship.
What can I propose with if not with a ring?
“family” problems
Sex Life frustration
I keep hearing my 16 year old son watching inappropriate videos on his phone in the bathroom. I’m not sure what to say to him.
Me [28M] have been with my girlfriend [25F] about 4 years but have known each other since freshman year of college. We both have terrible tempers and I don't know if we should stay together.
I (21M) need advice on how I should handle this situation with my ex girlfriend (23F) of 4 years.
I’m (25M) finally making the effort to open up about a break-up with my ex of 2 years (22F).
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) of one year has gone cold and emotionally distant in lockdown.
I (31F) want to send a care package to a friend (30F), but what to send?
I need held on what to do about my situation with my ex
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) of 1 year has gone cold and emotionally distant in lockdown.
I received head from someone who didn’t seem turned on?
I just don't trust myself
I [25F] have been with my BF [28M] 4 years (known each other for 10) we had an argument and he threatened to kill me
I’ve (25M) been having difficulties letting go of my ex of 2 years (22F) and I fear it might affect my current relationship
I (31F) want to send a care package to a friend (30F), but what to send?
How long does it take you to get over fights?
Update: My [19F] boyfriend [20M] doesn’t want to do LDR with me
My [31f] boyfriend [35m] is sending mixed signals about our future. I’m not sure how to move forward.
My (31F) Mom (57F) keeps asking about the split between mine and my fiance's finances as we are about to buy a house together
Ex broke up with me 23rd of March, has only seen the kids 3 x since then and only called a few times(i had to make the first move for those calls) it's been nearly 3 weeks and we haven't heard anything from him.
My (31F) Mother (57F) keeps asking about the split between mine and my fiance's finances as we are about to buy a house together
No idea on what to do in this situation
I have no idea what to do in this situation
Girlfriend Might Dump Me Over Politcal Difference
What to think about his intentions at that stage of a relationship ?
Contacting a former fling - definitely a bad idea, right?
Me (23F) and bf (24) of over a year have issues that come up with income differences and I don't know the best way to approach them for both of us
Casual gf (28) starts to exhibit rude behaviour after I (M34) offer her a serious relationship 6 months in
My (f20) mom (f55) is upset that i got a piercing
New Relationship During COVID
My (f20) mom (55) is upset that i got a piercing
Should I (25M) bother talking to my long distance partner (23F) about emotional hygiene?
Bf (30m) loved his ex more than he loves me (28f)
I [21F] don't know how to deal with my brother [12M] and his extreme anger issues and tantrums.
Should I choose a better paying job and leave my gf or have minimum wage and stay with her?
Should I (19M) even try to pursue a relationship anymore?
Relationship Management During COVID-19
Did I (18f) make a mistake breaking up with my boyfriend (18m) of 3 years?
Is there any point to dating right now (19M)
Confused by my partner's (31M) journal
Seeking advice: how to deal with a sibling (that I work with) of my divorcing wife
Am i in an abusive relationship
Me (30F) and bf (35M) total lack of sex life due to his HSV2. It has been over 6 months. Any advice?
Different core values, should we stay together?
Am I overreacting/thinking that my bf (30m) loved his ex more than he loves me (28f)?
I (18f) broke up with my boyfriend (18m) did I make the right decision?
My husband and I don’t have sex much anymore, and when we do he has problems getting and keeping an erection. Am I thinking too much into it?
Update: Broke up with boyfriend.
I (19F) need help on how to delete my explicit pictures off my boyfriends (19M) phone.
Not sure how to move forward.
“family” stuff
I [22M] found a friend's [21F] boyfriend [24M] on tinder by mistake
My husband and I rarely have sex anymore even though he watches porn regularly/a lot and has slept with a lot of women in the past.
Feeling sad
New girl I’m dating asked me how many relationship I’ve been in (I’m 20 never been in one)will this affect our interaction
Will anyone give me a chance
My step brothers (14M and 16M) wanted me (17M) to leave the living room and my mom is more disappointed in me
GF (19F) needs constant attention from me (20M) and it overwhelms me.
Is it ok to never fight, husband 35, wife 33
GF (19F) needs constant attention from me (20M) and I get completely overwhelmed.
HELP! boyfriend (24) of 5 yrs wants kids, but i (24) don’t! should we break up?!
HELP: boyfriend (24) of 5 years wants baby eventually, but i (24) definitely don’t! should we break up??
My (24M) GF (25F) has been ghosting me a lot since the quarantine started (Long Post)
I (22F) feel disgusted with myself when dating women that are younger than me
HELP! boyfriend of 5 yrs want a baby eventually, but i don’t.
Do you really give up when it's no longer convenient for you?
boyfriend of 5 yrs wants kids, but i don’t.
Do you really give up when it's no longer convenient for you?
Do you really give up when it's no longer convenient for you?
My (24M) gf (25F) has been ghosting me and been very emotionally distant (Very long post)
my boyfriend (19) keeps forcing me (17) to do things i don’t want to
Do you really give up when it's no longer convenient for you?
I [29M] have grown increasingly frustrated with my recently ADHD-diagnosed and developmentally-stunted GF [23F]
I (25F) found out my bf (32M) has been on dating sites and has been watching more porn for over a month while I'm working.
My [22F] girlfriend [24F] is not always good at respecting my boundaries.
I found out my bf is on dating sites and is watching more porn while I'm working.
Is being on a dating site cheating??
I (18f) am out of ideas on how to get my ex (21f) to backoff other than creating a Fake GF
Quarantine might be ruining my relationship [18F, 17M]
How do I get my mum to back off?
How do I get my mum to back off?
I [29M] do not know what to die about recently ADHD-diagnosed and developmentally stunted GF [23F]
My ex treated me terribly but 6 months post-breakup I still cant get over him? I need advice.
My ex is having sex with a demon lmao
i feel like quarantine is ruining my mentality about my relationship
The breakup has gone on longer than the actual relationship and I'm still not over it.
I feel like my mom and i are losing connection and i feel like i need advice on how to go about it.
i feel like me and my mom are losing connection and she has been waiting for it please give me some advice that will give me piece and mind about it maybe some advice on how to accept losing your mom in your life when she the only one you got.
Am I(17f) being jealous or over possessive by wanting my bf (18m) to remove a certain female from his snap?
At this point the breakup is longer than the actual relationship, I was [23F] he was [22M]
I (30F) have to keep threatening my boyfriend (42) to get treatment
Having issue with girl who keeps hitting my boyfriend up and talked shit about me to him and told him about my pregnancy scare. I want him to block him but I dont want to be possessive or controlling, and I told him that her being on his snap makes me uncomfortable.
Hairy Situation-literally-help me understand
Is this girl obsessed with me??
F[32] with M[32].Are they just friends?
Am i in an abusive relationship?
How can I (40M) fall back into love with my partner (40F) of 15+ years
I (30F) have to keep threatening my boyfriend (42) to get treatment
does marriage make people happy
Girlfriend (19F) Is Now Friends With Her Ex (20M)
Me [25F] with my close friend [M28], he wants us to date. I like him, but I can't bring myself to date him because of his weight. Am I overreacting/how do I explain this to him without hurting his feelings anymore?
To The Person Who Ruined Me
I (24/M) have unsolved things with my ex (24/F) after a painful breakup (6 months relationship) and I have issues moving on. What do I need to do?
I(21f) very suddenly don't feel anything towards my bf(21m)
First Reddit post ever: (36f) struggling with irresponsible (40m) fiancé
I (25/M) have unsolved stuff with my ex (23/F) after a painful breakup and I need to make a decision
Friend (M19) said he loves me(F20) “casually” and I was too shocked to reply
Trying to have a good relationship with my parents
I (25/M) have unsolved stuff with my ex(22/F) and this is affecting me
My(35M) ex(35M) has been reaching out about my well being
FB friend and casual acquaintance apparently thinks I'm fishing for a "Happy bday" message on FB...how should I react?
I don't know what a proper relationship with my parents should be
My [19M] gf [25F] thinks the age gap of our relationship is socially unacceptable and it's causing anxiety
How To Do Perfect First Date
I (27F) feel like I’ve found an incredible, amazing person (30M) to share my life with, but I can’t enjoy it because I’m so insecure and anxious. I almost want to end it.
How should I gift a two-year daily record of family activities to my wife?
My(35M) ex(35M) is asking others about my well being and I have no idea how to respond
Boyfriend’s mom doesn’t like me and hasn’t even met me
My [19M] gf [25F] thinks the age gap of our relationship is socially unacceptable and it's causing anxiety
I need advice...
Birthday gift for a Twitch streamer bf?
Need some reddit help with a girl I’ve been in love with as long as I can remember.
Ex drug dealer left old life to be in committed relationship with gf now regretting it
Need advice (again)
Traveling for bud during COVID19 quarantine
Quarantine fights
my boyfriend (26 y/o M) too busy for me (23 y/o F)
I (32f) don't want to waste an hour playing games with his (33m) parents each night. Am I horrible?
My [19F] boyfriend [20M] doesn’t want to do LDR with me.
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) isn’t open to switching things up in sex
Roommate keeps forcing the friendship to the point where I can’t stop being anxious and angry.
Did I fall out of love with my (40 M) partner (40F)? How do I get it back?
My [F20] friend [M21] won't break up with his girlfriend [F22] and it's getting annoying
Help (again)
My [F20] friend [M21] won't break up with his girlfriend [F22] and it's getting annoying
I [F 20] confronted boyfriend [M 20] about an something that was bothering and I was seeing and now he is claiming to be depressed.. Please help?
How can (19f) I cope with having unreasonable anxiety surrounding my relationship with 21m?
Has anyone here wanted to leave their partner but can’t?
M(22) Girlfriend F(23) gets a job as a "family friendly" bikini barista out of the blue.
My (M24) Fiancé is making me (F24) choose between him and my dog
My best friend (F25) of 9 years and girlfriend of 1 month is moving to a different state. I (F29) am devastated.
I think I ended my relationship horribly, and I wish I could take it back
What to do if she doesn’t show as much love as your ex?
I think My boyfriend is bipolar.
I love my boyfriend but I’m not attracted to him
I'm not ready to meet my boyfriend's parents and I feel bad about it
I think I (26F) may be asexual and I hate it.
M(22) Girlfriend gets a job as a bikini barista F(21) out of the blue.
repairing relationships
My mom won’t leave me alone at night
My (23F) boyfriend (25M) only wants to have sex in two positions
I think I (26F) may be asexual and I hate it.
My (M24) Fiancé is threatening to kick me out and leave me (F25) If I don’t send my dog to live with my parents
My girlfriend (19F) of 6 months told me (22M) she needs time to think about our relationship because "it doesnt feel right". What does she mean, should i expect us to break-up?
I think I (26F) may be asexual and I hate it.
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and still a virgin. No attractive women 20sF like me. I hate my life because attractive women don't like me. I hate husbands of the women who rejected me.
I'm (26) feeling like a live in friend for my boyfriend (28)
What is a friend?
Me 27M got in touch with old friend 28M and regret it.
Am I a bad friend ? Because it sounds like I am
My (36M) GF (34F) says I’m naive and oblivious to other females
No sex in 1.5 years!!
I can’t tell if my best friend (F14) likes me (F14), or if this is just how she expresses herself.
Successful relationships, how long did you date before marriage?
I think many of you will be able to relate to the uncomfortable talk I had to have today.
Successful Husbands/Wives: How many years did you date before marriage?
Me 26M got in touch with old friend 27M and regret it.
My girlfriend [25/f] never post me [25/m]. Is she keeping me a secret?
Girlfriend of 2 years (20f) will not tolerate my hobby and is very picky about my sense of fashion (22m)
My (22F) Long-Distance Girlfriend (23 F) Has Extreme OCD and is Suicidal
My GF thinks she has to put in less effort because she has a child
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and still a virgin. No attractive women 20sF like me. I hate my life because attractive women don't like me. I hate husbands of the women who rejected me.
Me [37M] and my messed up relationship with my married best friend [38F] (long)
I love my boyfriend but I’m not attracted to him
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) doesn't make me feel special anymore
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) doesn't make me fe special anymore
Is smoking weed amd driving okay?(22F)(27F)
I (23F) think my boyfriend (26M) of ~2 years might be cheating
My gf (20F) wants to get married sooner than me(22M)
My (22F) Girlfriend (23F) Has Severe OCD and Suicidal Thoughts
My GF thinks she has to put in less effort because she has a child
I (23F) think my boyfriend (26M) of ~2 years might be cheating
I [22M] disagree with my girlfriend [20F] about marriage
Is this a wrong thing to do
My girlfriend, 20, disagrees with me(22) about marriage
My GF (20F) and I (22M) disagree about marriage and i need help
I said I love you... on accident
I [36M] almost lost my marriage due to anxiety. Now that I have it under control, I kinda want to leave her [32F]
Conflicted
Conflicted??
Need advice on what to do with my half-siblings
Attempt number 3 at ending my relationship
My (26m) gf (22f) previously send explicit videos to another guy.
Ku
My 2 year relationship is over, again.
bf (21M) has a past of partying and being with other girls that bothers me (21F) a lot
My (26M) gf (22F) sent videos of herself to another guy when we were seeing.
I (20M) cut my ties with a group of friends (6+ people). Feeling mixed emotions and need to vent/chat.
How much is too much to deal with from your loves past? (26M)
When to get engaged?
My son [18M] will not stop complaining about him not having his computer in his room, and doesn't want to listen to what we have to say. It's getting extremely tiring and I want him to stop.
When to get engaged?
Whats the equivalent to sending a woman “just because” roses — for men?
I [22F] got totally lambasted by my mother [56F] for mentioning I might keep my quarantine mustache
What’s the equivalent to sending a woman “just because” roses — for a man?
I (27f) feel very unappreciated by my partner (36m) and I can’t even get out of the house due to COVID-19
BF (20M) is insecure and takes it out by accidentally belittling me (18F)
My (28f) is marrying the guy she told me (30m) not to worry about
I [22F] got totally lambasted by my mother [56F] for mentioning I might keep my quarantine mustache
How do I get over my husband wanting to have sex with other people?
I (21 F) doing fine in quarantine except for my (47 F) mom?
My (19M) mom (41F) HATES my girlfriend (18F)
Ki
How to heal from an abusive relationship?
How Much Alone Time Is Too Much?
My son [18M] will not stop complaining about him not having his computer in his room, and doesn't want to listen to what we have to say. It's getting extremely tiring and I want him to stop.
SO and their parents asked me to move out bc I'm a healthcare worker
Should I break up with my boyfriend of four years?
I (M23) feel like I’m ruining my marriage with my wife (F23)
My (24 F) roommate (29 M) has his girlfriend over every night
Me (F21) and my partner (M24) have different expectations in sex.
So there's this girl... that I broke up with
Should I(32m) move on or get her (27f) back?
I (24F) feel like I'm not getting enough time with my partner (24M), am I being unreasonable?
I've (24M) been going out with this amazing girl (25F) for sometime, but now I feel like there's nothing in this relationship beyond friendship.
Relationship and best friends
Age difference: immoral or okay?
HELPPP MEEE
SO and their parents asked me to move out bc I'm a healthcare worker
Me (26) my BF (28) have sex issues.
I [32/f] need to move on from a toxic situation with my ex [32/m]
Confusing guy I like help
My dad treats my mom horribly and I don’t know what to do
I have never been "hit" on. Can someone explain to me what it feels like?
Is it wrong I (29M) want to be independent and away from everyone for awhile?
Parents told me to stop expecting free money and to get a job
How are you (21M) keeping your relationship interesting and fun with your LDR partner(20F) during these days when you can’t even visit her?
I joined my girlfriend's church and I'm starting to regret it.
My dad treats my mom horribly and I don’t know what to do
GF(32F) slapped me(32M), my parents realized, now things are not good
I have never been "hit" on. Can someone explain to me what it feels like?
Quarentine cheater???
When will I find the one??
Girl's(18f) parents im(20m) dating are aguing a lot, domestic violence? Should I do something?
I’m so confused
F (22) needs advice on how to leave husband (35)
I (M21) have ED and I have no idea how to remedy it
I’m (23m) about to become a stepfather. How should I feel towards their real dad(24m)?
M24 I don't have a social life outside of my gf F22. Help?
I don't have a social life outside of my gf. Help?
I(18m) have erectile dysfunction and it's ruining my life
(F, 23) My boyfriend (M, 26) remains friends with someone who is psychotic and who has been abusive in the past.
My parents threaten to kill me so I don’t move out and I am terrified of them
My parents threaten to kill me so I don’t move out and I am terrified of them
Cant read my gf
i cant read my gf
IDK if my BF (21M) is being a dick or if I'm (25F) crazy
confusing signals from my (f22) ex (m24)
I (22F) feel betrayed by my ex-friend (22F) and my ex-boyfriend (22M). I don't know how to move on.
I(18m) have erectile dysfunction and I feel terrible about it
[UPDATE] I (35M) am still deeply in love with my ex-fiancée (35F) and want to tell her, but we are both married with kids.
young, stupid, sad and trapped
I M[27] broke lockdown to have sex with GF[26], does this make me a bad person?
Crush ghosted
I, M[27] broke lockdown to see GF[26] and had sex. Does that make me a bad person?
Maintaining relationships during quarantine
Crush ghosts during quarantine but hasn't blocked me on anything
I[19F] uncomfortable being physical with bf[21M]
In desperate need of advice. I’d rather not burden my inner circle with my problems...
(18M) currently stuck with my parents which is wearing down my mental health and I don't know what to do about it
Today, my wife punched me twice in the head, then threatened to hit me with a granite pestle
You’re nice but...
Girlfriend (22F) is upset that I'm (22M) open to having a threesome
My Boyfriend is nice but a bit Clueless? help?
You’re nice, but...
My (19M) gf (19F) doesn't accept to kiss me
Is it bad if I (17F) think I might be developing feelings for my bestfriend (14M)
Is my[18F] boyfriend[19M] being a dude or is he no longer interested?
Forgive her or dump her?
so me 20m have a crush on my therapist 34f
boyfriend treats me like I overreact to everything
Forgive her or dump her?
Why didn't he tell me?
Why didn't he tell me?
so basically me 20m have a crush on my therapist who is 34f i love here so much
Forgive her or dump her?
Is it normal to still feel anxious about a first break up that happened years ago?
Where is the line between helping and being slave labor for friends/family? And how does one go about saying no when things fall into the latter?
Is it normal to feel anxious when hearing about break ups years after your last one?
Am I (27 M) giving up too soon on my girlfriend (26F)?
single
Is this what relationships are like or am I being controlled?
I (21F) believe my boyfriend (19M) has a growing drug problem, and I’m not sure what to do.
In desperate need of objective advice
my SO is a bit clueless and isnt making an effort
My best mate(18m) dated my crush (17f). Now I (18m) am dating her
Is this just how relationships are or am I being controlled?
I (29M)knew something was up with her(27f)
Best friend seeking to reconnect after being MIA for months
My Best mate dated my crush. Now I'm(18m) dating her
Military girlfriend
One of my (21M) oldest and closest friends (22F) is moving abroad soon and I'm not sure whether I should cut ties.
My brother (32M) is on coke and is deep in conspiracy theories. My family and I (26F) don't know what to do
My brother (32M) is on coke and is deep in conspiracy theories. My family and I (26F) don't know what to do
Military girlfriend (F18) (M18)
Am I negatively influencing my sisters, or is my mom?
Am I negatively influencing my sisters, or is my mom?
Girlfriend going to military need advice (18M) (18F)
I think hes controlling and he thinks that is just the way relationships are.
The guy I like has crippling anxiety, help me understand his mindset?
How can I get my mum to understand that me disliking physical contact isn't anyone's fault?
My (24F) Boyfriend (34M) told me he used to sleep with prostitutes
The guy I like has severe crippling anxiety, help me understand his mindset?
I (M21) broke up with my dream girl(F22) to improve our relationship, it backfired and I need some advice. Please!
My (21F) grandmother (67) thinks we all hate her want to leave her
Ex-boyfriend (26m) is becoming aggressive towards me (22f)
How can I (27F) support my boyfriend (30M) in the best way possible when he goes through depressive periods?
Still married, but what to legally change name back to maiden name
As a 25M who has trouble making good first impressions i feel i need guidance when it comes to online dating
Still married, but what to legally change name back to maiden name
My girlfriend (90 f) keeps shitting in my (m 21) mouth while I'm asleep. What do I do?.
27F, A serious attempt to understand men's sexuality.
My GF (30s F) says she loves me but does not seem to care to see me much (30s M)... is this normal?
Advice needed - former best friend seeking to reconnect (31f)
Mental health issues-need dumper’s POV
How can I (27F) support my boyfriend (30M) in the best way possible when he is going through tough times?
My bf keeps talking about his ex, what do I do?
Mental health issues in a relationship
I'm obsessed with his ex.
How Much Of A Jerk Would I (20f) Be If I Broke Up With My Bf (20m) over text?
My (23m) gf (21f) was talking to an old friend with history and lied about it
My GF (30s F) says she loves me (30s M) but doesn't show it and goes days without texting me...should I finally say something about it?
My dad (42M) is forcing me (22F) to get my masters degree. I told him I would but I haven't applied anywhere and I really don't want to do it.
My (23m) gf (21f) has talked to old friend with history and lied about it
I [18m] have no idea about the course of the relationship with my [18f] GF of almost 2 years
South Asian GF (18) posted strange TikTok not sure what to think
I [26F] am fed up and sad that I'm always the one who reaches out to other people in my life
Am I (27 M) giving up too soon on my girlfriend (26F)?
At a crossroads over my boyfriend's ED
Fear of absolutely everything that is new, including personal life
Being abused after some really wrong doings
Chances of being HIV positive
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and still a virgin. No attractive women 20sF like me. I hat
Boyfriend(24M) and I(24F) broke up. Moving out of apartment. Advice needed
I met my ex again and it felt so great (but I probably have made a huge mistake doing so)
Why do I feel upset when my friends and others don't want to be single like me?
Boyfriend 27M stepped on my face and doesn't give a fuck.
Gf cheated with our boss,
Your karma stories
My [19F] girlfriend asked if we could take a break for a few months I'm [21M] unsure about the situation
COVID-19 is slowly revealing cracks in my relationship
I [18m] have no idea about the course of the relationship with my [18f] GF
It seems like she's falling out of love and it is driving me insane!
I(M21) made a mistake breaking up with the girl (F22) I love of 2 years. I need her back.
At a crossroads over my boyfriend's ED
The fear of absolutely everything new - including relationships
It looks like she is falling out of love, and it is driving me insane!
It looks like she is falling out of love, and I am going insane!
Be grateful for what you have
Can't get rid of her, non stop painful nights, days
Me 29(M) is struggling with my partner 26(F) with her anxiety and depression.
Recent split between my ex (f31) and I (m30)
UPDATE: Me [26/FtM] struggling on whether to break up with girlfriend [24/F] of one year before we move overseas
My [21M] Girlfriend [21F] had called her ex boyfriend crying about the fact that her ex’s new girlfriend didn’t want them talking anymore
I am a single mom of 5 (33F) with a BF of almost 2 years (33M). We have one child together (daughter 4 mo) and his family doesn't know the baby or I exist. Please read and offer constructive advice.
My [30m] gf [29f] of 3 years and I are going through a tough time. She's pressuring me to propose, but also insulting me. I'm concerned that it's a mistake to continue but still care for her.
UPDATE: I (21F) was in a fwb relationship with my boss (29M) in my last job and now I'm pregnant
Alcoholic sister in law, child abuse & me, the black sheep of the family. (Long.)
29(m) I need advice because i am struggling with my 26(f) partner.
Just broke up with gf.
my sister [22f] got back together with her ex [23m]
How should my(27f) boyfriend(29m) of 2 years act with my child from previous relationship?
my sister [22f] got back together with her toxic ex [23m]
Am I wrong for not wanting to date single dads?
I need serious help! I'm an 18 year old girl, I'm losing interest in my relationship and I have no idea what to do.
Advice on fixing my (22 F) relationship with partner (22 M) after sex life has become virtually nonexistent?
My (30F) experience giving my boyfriend (33M) an "engagement ultimatum".
I (18f) don't know how to break up with my (19m) boyfriend.
I'm a hidden GF (33F) with a baby (4months F) whose BF (33M) won't fully commit
My [21M] Girlfriend [21F] had called her ex boyfriend crying about the fact that her ex’s new girlfriend didn’t want them talking anymore
I (18f) don't know how to end it with my boyfriend (19m) of one year.
How do I get over my best friend?
My [21F] boyfriend [22M] isn’t curious about me?
My (27M) girlfriend (22F) just broke up after 2 years. I have a daughter (6F) whos mom dipped out for awhile. She was super depressed and I’m not sure if I can get her back.
My [21F] boyfriend [22M] isn’t curious about me?
I (30f) could use some helping mending fences with my friends (30m) (30f) and (25m).
Coping with guilt over breakup
WIBTA if I dated my boss' adult child?
Too much to ask?
Hey guys, any insight as to why my sex life has tanked?
I could use help mending some fences.
I keep making her mad
My (25f) boyfriend (32m) and I unintentionally entered a long distance relationship that has caused issues and is making me consider a break up
I get very insecure/anxious/jealous knowing about my boyfriend's past life/relationships. How can I deal with this without hurting him?
Ladies, would lack of basic skills turn you off?
Is this acceptable?
I stood up for myself and questioned my decision
F26 still hung up on my previous relationship (M26). I met a great new guy (M28), but I’m not in love despite wanting to pursue the relationship
is this normal?
I (25F) ended things with the guy (25M) I was seeing. Friends said he didn’t like me that much?
I (18f) don't know how to break up with my boyfriend (19m).
Still (F26) in love (or hurt) by ex (M26). Met a great guy (M28) but I’m not in love, however I want to pursue the relationship
Please Help: Thinking about LAT(Living Alone/Apart Together) At This Point!!
My (22F) mother (54F) is a serial treat giver.
why do exes post bitter things post breakup?
Need advice on overcoming insecurities and jealousy(17m)
I (36m) have difficulty maintaining friends/interpersonal relationships
I (20M) just cut ties with a group of all my 'friends' (6+ people). Feeling weird but good about it.
How to forgive someone (ideally quickly) when they really hurt you?
Should I spend time at my own house?
UPDATE: Me 45F with my 47M, 22 years, ED the whole time, viagra stopped working.
I [f23] feel invalidated by my brother’s [m23] advice
She meant it when she said she's not ready
I [F23] feel like my brother [23] looks down on me and I’m not sure how to have conversations with him about my life
My(20f) boyfriend (27m) has an inappropriate relationship with his therapist (38f). I need advice on how to bring up my concerns about their bond.
I need serious help! I'm an 18 year old girl in a relationship and I'm losing interest but I don't want to break up with him.
I (38/F) was sexually assaulted and now my husband (45/M) treats me like a plague
Love Vs. Lust
Where do you draw the line between a boyfriend and a best friend?
My (28F) boyfriend (29M) doesn't seem to know how to deal with me when I'm stressed.
27F, Why do men have a harder time accepting that their women had a sexual history before they dated/married ?
Inseparable to separated with little warning. How long do I wait before asking for a face to face?
Me F[32] with M[32]
Is it possible to have a heterosexual, monogamous relationship when one person has a homosexual past?
I (26M) am waiting on my ex to make up her mind (24F). Should I though?
Where do you draw a line between a best friend and a boyfriend?
I feel like an asshole
Inseparable to separated with little warning. This might get lengthy...
Resentment
Awkward Convo + Distance: (25) GF & I (25)
27F, How do you feel about your SO's previous FWBs ?
I [28 M] have ridiculous conflicting feelings with my Ex gf [25 F] broken up for 1yr now, struggling to move on
F[32] with M[32]
Dishonest, or an honest mistake?
Me (19F) and my gf (22F) are moving in together in a couple months, how do I convince her to let me fix up her place?
27F, How do you feel about your SO's previous FWBs ?
Guys, at what point did you realise you were attracted to your female friend?
How do you feel about your SO's previous FWBs ?
My (32F) girlfriend keeps claiming that I (32M) do not love her, when I do. How can I fix it?
How do I tell my roomie to stop breaking Shelter-In-Place?
Has asking a roommate to clean more (and more efficiently) ever ended positively or is it not worth the battle?
Resentment
Has asking a roommate to clean more (and more efficiently) ever ended positively or is it not worth the battle?
What's the difference between a guy best friend and a boyfriend?
How do I convince my roommate to stop breaking Shelter-In-Place?
My bf (22m) broke up with me (22f) because I was basically not worth it and I feel worthless. How do I make the feeling disappear?
My girlfriend(23F) feels that I(24M) need to be more grateful & romantic towards her
Not sure is husband cares too much or is controlling
Pain of love
I guess I wasn't worth fighting for.
I [14 yr boy] am thinking of breaking up with my gf [14 yr girl]
Boyfriend (m/32) didn’t defend me (f/26) when his grandmother accused me of stealing
I (23f) don't know how to get my boyfriend (27f) to stop playing Rock Band
Chances were of being hiv positive
Help BF (26) with Awkward Convo + Distance
I [14 yr boy] am thinking of breaking up with my gf [14 yr girl] as she never attempts to contact me
Not sure if husband is controlling or caring
I [14 yr boy] am thing of breaking up with my gf [14 yr girl] because she never attempts to contact me at all TL:DR; my girlfriend completely ignores me
What's the longest you've given the silent treatment for?
How can we stop fighting? (Co-parenting)
He Tried to Sell Me for Drugs
I [14 yr boy] am thinking of breaking up with my gf [14yr girl] as she makes no attempt to contact me at all even through all this lockdown
I'm a horrible boyfriend. I have the perfect gf and yet I want to have sex with other women.
I’m heavily considering breaking up with my girlfriend as she never makes an effort to contact me and she messages my friend more than me...should I?
I'm (19M) a negative person in general and I think it's affecting my relationship with my gf (19F). What can I do?
Moved from a long term platonic to a sexual/platonic relationship with one of my best friends.
Would You date someone with a felony record?
Mistook my friend for flirting with me, but don't know if I was led on?
I'm worrying obsessively in my new relationship because I worry she'll leave me
Would you date someone with a felony record?
Should I [21F] drop him [21M]?
I'm raising a grown ass man, my life is a hot mess, help.
I (19 m) am too emotionally dependant on my friends (20s m/f) and I'm not sure what to do.
My (19F) Confusing Relationship with a Guy (20M)
He (22) is victim blaming me (27f) and I am freaking sick of it?
I [18M] have failed to get an erection with my gf [17F] each of the 3 times we have tried something. I’m afraid if it happens again we’ll be done. What do I do?
My (23F) partner (24M) and I have been going in circles around our different sex drives
Mistook my friend for flirting with me, but don't know if I was led on?
I [18M] have failed to get an erection 3 times with my gf [17F]. She is scared it will cause a breakup. How do I make sure it doesn’t happen again.
I [26M] accidentally found out that my GF [20F] has deleted message history from a guy who used to flirt with her
Vacationing with ex
Vacationing with an ex
My fiancé threatened to kill my dog
My girlfriend's [21F] childhood friend [21M] is making me [23M] uncomfortable
vacationing with an ex
My fiancé threatened to kill my dog
My life is a hot mess with this grown ass child. Help.
Vacation
My girlfriend's [21F] childhood friend [21M] is making me [23M] uncomfortable
I [26f] believe you have a toxic friend [27F], unsure how to proceed.
Should I tell my ex about flings during breakup?
Used to self harm over 2 years ago but I relapsed the other day, I want to talk to my boyfriend about it because I feel weirdly guilty for doing it, but at the same time I want to just pretend it never happened.
Should I [21F] drop the guy [21M] I am talking to?
My (23F) partner (24M) and I are going in circles around our differences in sex drive
Did I (40f) REALLY cheat on him (42m)? I don't feel I did. He says I did.
Conflicting Love Languages
My friend(s) [M35, M35] I was playing a board game with think my team [F30, F29] has been cheating, and joked about it behind our back. I'm bummed and trying to figure out how to navigate this situation.
I [21F] struggle to accept how I feel for potential partners
Night message for the love of your life
Should I [23F] recuse myself from an award so I don't have to deal with my [60s] antisemitic parents?
I've had a self harm relapse and I want to keep it to myself but I feel guilty
Should I [23F] recuse myself from an award so I don't have to deal with my [60s] antisemitic parents?
Tell ex about flings during break up?
I really don't like my daughter (cross posted in parenting)
I [36M] have been with my wife [36F] for 18 years and have a reached a breaking point over finances.
My (27F) boyfriend (23M) recently broke up with me because he's depressed. What can I do to still support him?
Need advice please, family life
I need some advice please, life at homr
Toxic ex and coparenting, it seems something impossible
My (24F) Boyfriend (29M) lost his Mum almost a year ago to cancer and never processed her death. He's alone in lockdown and out of work, which is now having a major impact on him mentally and physically. What can I do to help?
I [21F] struggle to accept the way I feel about love interests without feeling guilty
She broke me
I [15 M] found a nude video of another woman (We know her irl) on my dad's phone. I'm scared what should I do.
I want to get engaged with my boyfriend!
This girl [19F] and I [21M] were super into each other, but a month ago she told me she did not want to continue with it because she was deciding if she should transfer schools. A few days ago, I found out she decided she will stay at my school and I am still into her. How do I proceed?
Buying a house together without an actual commitment?
My parents [M/58 F/53] insist on arguing with my wife and I [M/26 F/22] about politics constantly during our stay with them and it is destroying our already fraught relationship
I need help on a interpersonal communication class paper for school, I need to ask 10 open ended questions to a couple that has been married for 10+ years.
I want to get engaged to my boyfriend?
I [26] want to break up with my girlfriend [30] because of her kids Am I a bad partner?
Dealing with competition among friends
I [M26] found out my SO [F24] has been looking on Craigslist to hookup with women behind my back.
I (27M) want to stay with my gf (27F) but no longer want sex.
Am I (21M) too direct with my gf ? (22F)
I need help on an assignment for school, I need to ask a couple that has been married for 10+ years.
I [M26] found out my SO [F24] has been looking on Craigslist to hookup with women behind my back.
Am I (21 M) too direct with my gf ? (22F)
I [M26] found out my SO [F24] has been looking on Craigslist to hookup with women behind my back.
While on the one hand being nobody's priority may feel good why is there this bad feeling that you're nobody's priority and doesn't make you feel good?
Should I (27M) be honest about my dwindling attraction with her (27F) or leave it alone?
This sounds bad but I want to break up because bf is 'poor'. Should I?
My [17f] sister [7f] gets jealous when our bro [23m] gives me attention.
How do I stop feeling insecure about people my boyfriend dated before he knew me?
While on the one hand being nobody's priority may feel good why is there this bad feeling that you're nobody's priority and doesn't make you feel good?
I (F25) can’t stop thinking or even wanting to get back in contact with my ex (M30) that I hurt heavily.
I (22F) lied to my boyfriend (24M) about sleeping with a guy from our college
I'm depressed and don't want to talk to my bf about it
I (F25) can’t stop thinking or even wanting to get back in contact with my ex (M30) that I hurt heavily.
Living with future in laws during COVID-19— becoming bothered by fiancés relationship with mom
COVID-19 is slowly revealing cracks in my relationship
This sounds bad but I want to break up because of financial issues. Should I?
The love of my life is moving on and I can’t
I don't want to talk about depression to my boyfriend
Trying to move-on?
How can I (31F) be a more gracious host to our long-term [uninvited] guests?
Why is she being so weird after rejecting me
She (25F) gets upset when I (28M) worry about her when she's not feeling well
My best friend is toxic to everyone except me?
Do you understand love with money or without?
I {18F} have a boyfriend {19F} who called the SUICIDE HOTLINE for picking colleges to go to?? I got mad about that and he is now mad at me
How much involvement should a grandmother (f/59) have in her grand child's (f/15) life?
My boyfriend called the suicide hotline for minor reasons such as PICKING COLLEGES
My (M20) inability to find a romantic relationship is destroying my self-confidence
Staying at future in laws during COVID-19—issues with my fiancé’s relationship with his mom
My (M20) inability to find a romantic relationship is destroying my self-confidence
How much involvement do you think a grandparent should have in their teen grandchild's life?
Am I overreacting?
How to breakup with my GF
My GF gave me a Choice!
My [26F] boyfriend of 3 years [27M] broke up with me after being tired of me not having my shit together. I’m working on changing for the better and see real improvements. Can I mend this relationship?
Question on the importance of sociability in a relationship
Student App/Experience: Connecting Single Parents
At what age did you get your first boyfriend?
Student App/Experience: Connecting Single Parents
Am I overreacting?
Toxic Ex [20F] Wants to Meet Up [24M]
Mom distraught with quarantine measures relating to us and our daughter (16mo)
How to breakup with my GF
My girlfriend and I haven’t had sex in months.
Question on the importance of sociability in a relationship
I (male) had a good platonic friendship for over a year with my woman friend, then we had sex for 2 months and now is distant and avoiding talking to me. What should I do?
After 6 Years Of Pain I Made A Vow Not To Get Married Until I Become Rich
My boyfriend seems very reluctant to call me during this coronavirus lockdown.
Need help with a friend who I have feelings for
Mom cut off from seeing my (36) daughter (16mo) during quarantine, and I'm moving away soon.
I(22M) regret blocking my ex(24F) because I felt like it hurt her
Need help with a friend who I have feelings for
My neighbor's essential oils are extremely bothersome
WHY THERE IS NO SPARK BETWEEN YOU AND A WOMAN YOU'RE INTERESTED IN
Help me, I’m jealous and it’s messing up my relationship ):
My neighbor's essential oils are extremely bothersome
50 f on line talking to 40 m and he questions if I'm ignoring him. We have been texting since 7am. I did normal stuff isolation style around my home and missed a text. He accuses me of ghosting him.
Question on the importance of sociability in a relationship
The ABC’s to a long lasting relationship (Men’s Edition)
Potentially sacrificing friendship for a chance
I feel like this girl's (F, 26) recognition of me is my (M, 25) existence
My(f23) mother hates my bf(m24)
My boyf [30M] made me kick my mum [57F] out of my flat as she recovered from surgery
Relationship advise from therapist watching Love is blind
Me (25 years old) and she (25 years old) broke up. What should I do next?
Distant relationship during lockdown
If you give your girlfriend good sex, she won’t look anywhere else
My boyf [30M] made me kick my mum [57F] out of my flat as she recovered from surgery
Boyfriend (30m) did drugs and lied to me (25f) about it. Not sure how to proceed with the relationship.
How can you tell that the relationship is going nowhere?
Can’t get my mom’s negativity out of my head. Help
Can’t get my mom’s negativity out of my head. Help
My anxiety and paranoia spiked up again after reading a comment on a picture my girlfriend posted
I (29F) found a letter an ex-close friend of mine (30F) wrote me more than a decade ago, and I realized I acted horribly towards her. I'm thinking about contacting her to apologize, but I'm not sure it's a good idea.
ME (25 years) and my ex-girlfriend (25 years) broke up. What should i do next?
Should I contact a old friend who turned a bit creepy?
How can I bond with his parents now that we live together?
Strife in the household because I(18M) don't want to pay for things that I don't use?
Boyfriend of 7 years is extremely unambitious and my family calls him a "loser" and I feel so sad and hopeless.
My ex (23F) is back after cheating on me (24M).
Am I overreacting?
Am I [25F] a bad person for not considering my friend's feelings?
My Bf hates my mom
My ex (23) is back after she cheated and blocked me (24).
My boyfriend is an unambitious "loser" and it is causing me to lose complete interest in him after 7 years of dating.
How do I make headway with his parents now that we live together?
My ex broke up with me, what should I do now?
Should I be worried that my BF jerks off every night and every morning?
Trying to move-on yet I can’t let go
The guy I’m seeing using COVID as an excuse to not get serious?
Should I be worried that my BF jerks off every night and every morning?
I (23F) cried to my (29M) bf last night on my birthday because he didn’t get me anything and we haven’t had sex since January
I (23F) started crying the night of my birthday to my (29M) boyfriend because he didn’t get my anything for my bday and we haven’t had sex since January
Break Up Feelings & Suggestions
I am really afraid and feel like sick!
Ended up hysterically crying to my bf on my birthday. He didn’t get me anything and we haven’t had sex since January
When you love your s/o, do you still see other people as MORE beautiful/handsome than your s/o? Or does seeing your partner as the MOST beautiful/handsome person considered being obsessed or madly in love?
Dating OCD, ADD and Dyslexia
My boyfriend is moving out and I don't know what to do.
Dating OCD, ADD and Dyslexia
Am I [25F] freaking out over nothing? Boyfriend [26M] completely disappeared.
I [25F] think I am emotionally cheating on my partner of 7yrs [25M] with a coworker [37M] and I am not sure I want to stop it
Am I [25F] freaking out over nothing? Boyfriend [26M] has disappeared these past couple of days.
I (30F) keep considering breaking off my engagement and my fiancé (28M) has no idea
He’s asleep right now and I am so sexually unsatisfied.
I(22M) feel like my relationship with my girlfriend(22F) is very empty
Mend the Marriage Free Video | Welcome
Mom is hurting my feelings
I [24F] am having trouble sympathizing with my boyfriend [27M] who live with a chronic illness.
Try to have a friendship?
[Discussion] Am I (F23)wrong to feel uncomfortable with my partner (M34) and his dog?
How to help my (18F) boyfriend (18M) feel better/loved.
My (22f) Mom (48f) & Stepdad (60m) are more than likely getting a divorce after 12 years. I don’t really know how to proceed from here.
Boyfriend hurt me and now he’s in rehab and I don’t know what to do please help..
How can I (18F) help my boyfriend (18M) who is going through a tough time.
How to help my (18F) boyfriend (18M) feel better/loved.
My (22f) Mom (48f) & Stepdad (60m) are more than likely getting a divorce after 12 years. I don’t really know how to proceed from here.
Ways to make my boyfriend feel loved.
Should I tell an ex-boyfriend I cheated on him?
Is my (19F) boyfriend (20) abusive?
How has therapy improved your romantic relationships?
My [43M] SO [40F] is super mad and ghosting next and I really don’t understand what I did that’s so wrong
What to do if a guy (23 M) I had a fling with keeps on calling in spite of being blocked?
(M32) relationship over so what next?
Having issues (27F) with my whole family over husbands best friend, thinking about cutting contact
My boyfriend [19M] and I [22F] ran into my ex [19M] in a parking lot and I drove away. Not sure if what I did makes me a coward or not?
At a crossroads (F19, M24)
My husband (24M) and I (23F) tried an open relationship while dating. How can we heal?
Wife is faking postpartum depression and threatened our baby
My husband (24m) and I (25f) tried an open relationship while dating. How can we heal?
I did it
My boyfriend (20M) won't let me communicate with him and acts like a child being scolded by his mother when I try
Inconsistent feelings
My (19M) Girlfriend (19F) and I have been dating for 6 months and she says she can’t be herself around me
I want to rekindle my relationship with my enstranged family members but don't know what to do.
I (F25) am getting incredibly depressed over my relationship with my boyfriend (M26)
My(M28) GF(F25) doesn't know how to initiate sex.
My(19f) mother(49f) blew up when I told her I was going to spend a few days at my bf’s(19m) house
How do I[26F] move forward and co parent with my ex[28M] with a brand new baby after his cheating?
My bf (25m) of 4.5 years and I (25f) don't have anything in common anymore.
How can I (19M) can get over my past ?
Experiencing love for the first time
I (26/F) am in a literal love triangle (22/M) (25/M) and its tearing me apart from the inside out
Should I (20F) get back together with my BF (20M) who used to be borderline abusive but is trying to change?
I (25F) yoyo between wanting to break up with my bf (25M) of 4.5 years and wanting to marry him.
I don't think my [33M] wife [29F] thinks I'm pulling my weight around the house, despite me being exhausted doing so.
Is it the right decision for me (24f) to leave him (27m) in the middle of a pandemic?
My (M22) Healing From A Break Up
My(19f) mother blew up when I told her I was going to spend a few days at my bf’s (19m) house.
My (25F) boyfriend (35M) got drunk with his ex wife at her house
My (25F) boyfriend (35M) got drunk at his ex wife’s house
I am experiencing love for the first time
I (20F) am starting to hate my parents (M44, F42) and I’m unsure on if I still want them in my life
Boyfriend (24) has been calling me (23) a lot of names lately (dating for 1.5 years)
My (NB23) roommate (NB25?) refuses to cat-proof their plants
My [24F] friends [20s] are setting up a roleplaying game, but I’m struggling with the setting and DM’s attitude.
Healing From Break Up
I (23F) seemingly ruined my mothers relationship with my fiance by going stircrazy yesterday (24M)
I (23F) have seemingly caused chaos by being stircrazy and ranting about my fiance (24M) to my family. Major family animosity now. What to do?
My [21M] GF [21F] of 1.5 years is very insecure and it is making me doubt if we have a future together
How do I (23F) tell if my friend (22M) is lying or not about his exes passing away?
Girlfriend needs time to think?
My (38F) boyfriend (32M) of 3 months asked me if it was ok to take the day off to celebrate his EX girlfriend birthday! Wtf!
My boyfriend of 3 months asked me today if it was ok for him to take a day off and go celebrate his ex girlfriend birthday with her!
how do I get over my ex
Staying together for our child (34F)(37M)(2.5M)
Is it too late for me (51f)? He is 50m. Maybe I need to "settle"?
Should my boyfriends response bother me? (M26) (F22)
What does it mean when I don’t want to be in relationship because I think I will become dependent on my s.o?
My bf (22m) and I (23f) broke up yesterday, and we just signed a 12 month lease this month.
i need help with my bf :(((
Potential boyfriend[M25] casually told me[F22] he’d see himself having sex with his female friends?
i don’t love my boyfriend but i’m still with him because i’m afraid of being lonely
Breakup or continue? Help
I don’t love my boyfriend anymore but i’m still with him because i don’t wanna be lonely
Potential boyfriend[M25] casually told me[F22] he’d see himself having sex with his closest friends?
Me (26m) doesn’t know where things went wrong (26f)
Is it normal for guys to be wanting to have sex with their female friends...?
My SO (35M) is mad at me (33F) because I told him that I am not enjoying sex with him anymore (TRIGGER: Rape)
My (M/28) mum (F/51) ran away from me when I was 12. I think about it all the time and cannot get into serious relationships because of fear
Should my boyfriends response bother me?
I regret so much sexting another woman
Got (20M) back into contact with ex (21F) but it feels weird.
Me (26m) doesn’t know where things went wrong (26f)
I (25F) can't let go of the life we (25M) had before we married
My (M25) girlfriend (F21) isn't heading my call to take action
Me (26m) doesn’t know where things went wrong (26f)
Dealing with an over affectionate father or creepy? Am I the one wrong? Am I being conservative(because things take place in front of family and no one seems to have any problem) and it's normal or ugh whatever please read.
Was I in the wrong saying no to sex? Is this behaviour normal?
My mom cries and is passive-aggresive towards everything I choose to do in my life. Need advice.. I'm getting tired and depressed even more than I already am.
My mom cries and is passive-aggresive towards everything I choose to do in my life. Need advice.. I'm getting tired and depressed even more than I already am.
Best friend affected by ex who I think is a narcissist.
My date (F21) wants me to dance with her, but I dont like to, should i (M21)?
Should I lose hope?
How does a mans inability to dance affect how you see him as attractive?
I dont know what to do.
Need to explain myself to my ex and her family.
Why do I (19M) like when my boyfriend (19M) is annoyed with me?
[30M] gf [26F] Desire is ... not having all of something
Girl (F19) so nice to me (M20) in person, takes time to respond to my texts
[21 M gay] lost my ‘straight‘ virginity to my best friend [23 F bi]
I don't know what to do.
No will power anymore M21 F21
My bestfriend
No willpower
Is this abuse?
My bestfriend..
I dont know what to do.
21[F4M] fun time
My [22F] boyfriend [31M] is ignoring me and we haven't spoken properly for 3 days now. He said it is because of his depression and I am at my wit's end.
How can I (24F) navigate friendships as friends (24F) get relationships?
When quarantine is over..
My (35yo) bf wants childrens and I (31yo) don’t. What do I do ?
I [17M] had an argument with my gf [17F] because of my sense of humor
GF (18) let me (18M) kiss her bestfriend. Why would she do this?
Those who are actively using Tinder, what is your success rate? How do you truly feel about it?
Should I (25) try to get my ex (f/27) back?
Those who are actively on Tinder, how do you truly feel about it?
boyfriend random ignoring me
Those who are using Tinder, how do you truly feel about it?
Those who are using Tinder, how do you truly feel about it?
Those who are using Tinder, how do you truly feel about it?
When is the right time to tell the guy I've been texting that I'm 14 weeks pregnant?
When is the right time to tell the guy I've been texting that I'm 14 weeks pregnant?
Those who have a Tinder profile, how do you truly feel about it?
(F27) Ending relationship with bf (M29) during lockdown, living with parents
(F27) Ending relationship with bf (M30) during lockdown, living with parents
My (35yo) bf wants childrens and I (31yo) don’t. What do I do ?
My (25m) girlfriend (23f) lied to me about having people over
(F27) Breaking up with live-in bf (M 29) during lockdown
How do you deal with unaffectionate partner that you love soo much?
Does it sound like my "fwb" wants something more?
How can I talk to my Boyfriend (M24) about his depression and how I (F20) can cope with having to provide for us both.
Trying to fix my (34F) marriage in quarantine with my husband (41M) and our baby (1M)
Does it sound like my "fwb" wants something more?
I (19F) am crushing very hard on a girl (18F) I met online and she keeps sending mixed signals.
My boyfriend (24) of nearly 3 years has not worked for majority of our relationship and it has been me (20) thats provided for us.
Admitting to my own cheating (2012) in return for her admitting to hers occurring 8 months after marriage?
My (35yo) bf wants a baby and I (31yo) dont what do I do?
Girl (20F) compliments me (21M) but takes time to respond
I (19F) am crushing very hard on a girl (18F) I met online and she keeps sending mixed signals.
F[32] with M[32]
Significant other upset me with a joke. Overreacting?
I (29F) need help with the guy (28M) I want to date
What is going on in her mind?
I (21M) am starting to see my girlfriend (21F) more like a friend than a significant other, not sure what to do
Overcome Retroactive Jealousy? 31F
I [26] want to break up with my girlfriend [30] because of her kids AITA?
My boyfriend jokingly rated my appearance, am I overreacting about it?
Should I be upset because my boyfriend rated my appearance jokingly?
F[32] with M[32]
debating whether to take another class with a teacher that disrespected me
What's the scariest question a SO's parent has asked you?
My girlfriend has herpes
Do all men cheat at one point?
A girl I met in university has created several blogs about me
AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend because of her kids
I lied
I lied
Admitting to my own cheating (2012) in return for her admitting to hers occurring 8 months after marriage?
Do all man cheat at one point?
debating whether to take another class with a teacher that disrespected me
Angry at unsupportive husband
How do you know when a relationship is over?
When do I give up on pursuing a crush?
My (23 F) Boyfriend (34M) won’t throw away his ex girlfriends stuff
Just a middle schooler with a question
Just a middle schooler with a question.
F/M both late 20s; length +/- 1 year; I may have been unknowingly "the other woman" and I'm not sure how I feel about that.
Personal thoughts/experiences on love and death
A Middle schooler with a question.
how can I(M32) find help my wife(F32) find direction? (married over 10 years)
Emotionally exhausted GF (17) and EX-Bf (18) Strikes Again
A middle scholar with a question
I(23M) got mad at my boyfriend (21M) over a video game and he thinks I'm being ridiculous
I (28F) threatened a guy(26M) with police action, and he’s trying to make me the crazy one.
I need some help
I (22F) disappointed my mom (58F) because I didn't wait until marriage for sex
My boyfriend (26m) doesn't take me seriously until I (20m) get mad (then he gets upset)
I (21f) made a mistake with my friend (21m) and I don't know how to proceed?
Should I tell my ex boyfriend I cheated on him?
My boyfriend (26m) only takes me seriously when I (20m) get angry (and then he gets really upset)
Is me (25m) not planning on getting married to my gf(22f) anytime soon selfish?
My boyfriend keeps blaming me for things I haven't done
Is marriage necessary?
Quarantine taking another thing away from me...
Am I (mid 20s F) the bad guy for not wanting to stay friends with this guy (early 30s M)
how can I(M32) find help my wife(F32) find direction?
What do you consider cheating? What would you have done? (M/F both late 20s; length is +/- 1 year)
I (M16) want a relationship but no one interests me.
Am I (mid 20s F) the bad guy for not wanting to continue this ‘friendship’ (early 30s M)?
Does anyone have advice about helping a parent financially when they refuse help?
Boyfriend breaks up w me and always imediatley wants to get back together??
I (M16) want a relationship but no one interests me.
please help me stop being so jealous ):
How do I (20m) take my partner (21f) on a date? We dont live together and I dont want to risk us getting sick by meeting up.
Boyfriend wants me to live with in laws forever
My (23M) girlfriend (22F) got upset over recent Instagram searches
Messed up No Contact - Help Moving On [32/f]
My (F22) BF's (M24) female best friend crosses boundaries and I don't want him talking to her
HELP! A white lie I told my bf has become reoccurring
I am so done being jealous! Guys and girls please help
My (23M) girlfriend (22F) of 3.5 years is upset due to suspicious recent searches
is time needed to show that you care and love someone?
My (30m) friend is mad at me (29F) for telling him the truth
I’m (17M) worried my mother (40) is going to kill me in my sleep. This quarantine is not improving my situation.
Messed up no contact
(17M) I’m worried my mom is going to kill me in my sleep. Please read and help.
Help: I lied about the school I went to
How do you continue to support a loved one who lost someone to suicide, even when the incident was years ago?
Dating a bipolar girl that doesnt know what she feels about me because we are not having sex and she “needs it”
Struggling to feel secure and happy in my (27F) relationship with (30M)
Struggling to feel secure and happy in my (27F) relationship with (30M)
If you go to the same college as your SO, how often do you actually see each other?
Money Issues
I (M19) feel pressured by my girlfriend (F18) to have sex
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my pants [F/21]
Dating a girl with bipolar disorder that doesnt feel the same way about me anymore bacause we are not having sex.
Offering advice to my [21M] girlfriend [18F] comes across as condescending
Best breakup albums
I'm 21 (M) wanting things going with my potential date (21 F)
I F(25) needs emotional support for what happened to me when I was 12 yrs old
How do you support a partner who went through a parent’s suicide years ago?
I (25) needs needs emotional support for something that happened to me when I was 12 yrs old
What is too much ?
I'm (F 26) not passionate with my partner (M 25)
Need help
Does it sound like my FWB wants more?
My (f/21) bf (m/21) offered something for free, flaunted it, then said he was going to sell it.
My (30F) boyfriend (38M) calls me his wife and it makes me uncomfortable
I [22m] am considering breaking up with my perfectly fine [21F] girlfriend after 3 months.
I [22m] am considering breaking up with my perfectly fine [21F] girlfriend after 3 months.
पति बेडरूम में भूलकर भी ना करे ये 7 गलतियां, बीवी से दूरियां बढ़ सकती हैं
My (30F) boyfriend (38M) calls me his wife and it makes me uncomfortable
Is this engagement already set for divorce???
To date or not to date
To date or not to date - that is the question
I need help setting boundaries with men
My (18F) best friend (20M) won’t talk to me anymore?
My (18F) friend (20M) won’t talk to me anymore?
My (22F) girlfriend and I (25M) are wondering is it worth it to try paid date night ideas
My (22F) girlfriend and I (25M) of 2.5 years are wondering how other couples do date night / spend time together
My bfs best friends gf is crying over him
34M. Tell me to let it go. I still probably wont :(
My (22F) girlfriend and I (25M) are wondering how other couples do date night / spend time together
My 18(f) wants a break after she started anti depressants 18(m)
My(22F) friend’s GF(27F) keeps coming onto me even though I have a boyfriend(24M)
My 18 (f) wants a break after she started anti depressants
34M. Tell me to let it go. Years of love, drama and I may be at my end
Anti depressants and my girlfriend wants a break
Years of effort and back to square one, I think. Again
My(22F) friend’s GF(27F) keeps coming onto me even though I have a boyfriend(24M)
My (22F) girlfriend and me (25M) are wondering how other couples do date night / spending time together
Time to give up? Lol. I’m not going to
My friend smokes weed and drives, then gets mad at me?(22F)(27F)
The lockdown is making me having two phases, I want to go back to him and I can be happy without him. It’s happen a few times in one day
What are the best date experiences you've had
What was the best date experience you've ever been on?
Me [male, customer] with my Airbnb [male, host], I feel trapped where I am and can not move out.
Renovation Frustration with me (29f) and him (31m) -- is this understandable or abuse?
Weight Loss In Relationship
How do I get my ex that I dated last year for a month to leave me alone in a nice way?
She (22F) shuts down, I (24M) feel unwanted in LDR
Loosing interest because of emotional abuse? (M32, F32)
I (30m) and extremely afraid of my former friend (28m) who has a mental illness that assaulted me
I (25M) miss my sister in law (21F) now that my wife (24F) is divorcing me, and I dont know what to do.
Weight Loss In Relationship
Boyfriend (26M) too close to sister (21F)?
How can I get this girl I dated last year to leave me alone in a nice way?
Love of my life, time to let it go? This is INVOLVED
My (23F) Bf (34M) still has his Ex’s stuff in the house
[19m] I really messed up by academic dishonesty it can ruin my career
Scared of my (30m) former friend (28m) who has a mental illness and assaulted me and has firearms
My step dad 45m has been cheating on my mom 69f, Don't know how to navigate our conversations between me and him.
I (M 18 At The TIme) had a Long-Distance GF (Ex, F17) who Faked her Death
Loss of interest or negative reaction to abuse?
I’m (f22) struggling to see a future with bf (m26) because of his cat (m8).
I Love Incest Porn
Meditating conflicting friend groups
At what age can my GF explain to his son this his cousin has a mental disability?
Is this engagement already set for a divorce???
Just really nice? M19 F20
Just really nice? M19 F18
My boyfriend (18 M) asked me (18 F) to call him a good boy while he called me mummy on our ‘playful’ time on FaceTime.
Long distance relationship
What my bf does when he hears me Queef
My boy friend queefed and it was adorable
My boyfriend called me mummy and asked for me to call him a good boy during our ‘playful’ time on FaceTime.
Girlfriend no longer interested in sex?
Boyfriend (26m) makes me (19f) depressed
Boyfriend (26m) makes me (19f) depressed
Dealing with an over text breakup during the pandemic?
My cousin (25F)and I (23F)have a weird , ups and downs relationship
My (26F) boyfriend (25M) lashes out when he's drunk
I feel like my best friend/roommate (21M) is setting a bunch of rules for our household and relationship that don’t feel equal.
My (F26) boyfriend (M27) told me suddenly he may not want children after all. Very torn up about this and want input from individuals, couples, of all genders.
Move in or I walk
is this love? can it develop into love?
Does it ever get easier to be away from your parents?
I'm scared of losing one of my best friends
Am I (F21) being controlling if I want to know when my boyfriend (M26) talks about our relationship problems with other people?
Feeling really confused about the breakup. I (22F) got dumped by ex (23M) a month before we were supposed to close the gap on our 4 year LDR. We talked last night and I thought I got closure... I think it was all a lie?
I'm scared of losing one of my best friends
I am scared of losing one of my best friends
Currently in the weirdest relationship ever... I think
Fearing my former friend with a mental illness
I am scared of losing one of my best friends
A year later and my (32f) husband (36m) is still having a really hard time with the loss of his brother that committed suicide
Read only if you believe in Always and Forever!
Boyfriend of a few years says he's never used Snapchat...
I(24F) found out partner(24F) has been getting flirty/suggestive messages from coworker (23?F). Need Advice/Venting
Long distance, quarantine-abiding affection
I (21F) stuck between perfect nice guy I’ve dated for 2 yrs and a guy I’ve only know for months
Boyfriend (41m) gets upset whenever I (31f) cry
HOW DO I KNOW WHAT I FEEL??
how do you stop missing someone/heal???
Was he just trying to sleep with me or wanted something more
Found sexually explicit letters in my 17 year old son's room
FEELINGS BOMB
My (17f) family rented a 3 bedroom house and there's 5 of us and I want my own space. HELP!?
Relationship with my mother - I am 23F and my mom's 40F
Relationship with my mother
Read only if you Believe in Always and True Love
How can I take care of my girlfriend on her period?
I (19F) am thinking of taking away my daughter from her dad (20M)
(30) F I am unsure if this would be considered assault? Trigger warning
Should I forgive him
My (23F) BF(22M) is not in love with me anymore
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) is upset with me because I don’t want him reading my journal.
He had pictures of her
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) is upset with me because I don’t want him reading my journal.
What is a good relationship?
I [21m] Haven't Spoken to My Half-Sister [28f] in About 6 Years and Want to Reach Out to Her
Think my bf is obsessed with some girl and I need advice.
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) continues to fail his college classes while not having a job and living with me
Need advice. Think my bf is obsessed with another girl.
I [21m] Haven't Spoken to My Half-Sister [28f] in About 6 Years and Want to Reach Out to Her
Me[24] with my gf [18 N] of 1year duration, she's mega rich and it's killing my insecurity
She (19 F) showed all the signs of liking me (20 M) but said no when I asked her out. What does this mean and what should I do know?
I (19F) am thinking of taking my newborn away from her dad (20M)
Breakup
Boyfriend (23M) continues to fail classes while we live together
Need help with a breakup
My (17f) family rented a 3 bedroom apartment but there is 5 of us and I want my own space. HELP!?
She [F/21] says that she wants to marry me [M/24], but I am doubtful that she really wants the life she will have, that she really just wants to be with me and is willing to settle for the religious, cultural and lifestyle change that will mean, and that concerns me
My (23f) bf (26m) wants to go on a bachelor trip after telling me he didn’t have time off/funds to go on a trip we planned on going on
feelings bomb fuck
Should I (24F) cheat on my (45M) boyfriend?
Close friend called me a racial slur during a chat with other people.
Would you tell your gf if you didn’t use the nudes she sends you?
I want a relationship but don’t like talking.
How do I get over my ex
Would you tell your gf if you didn’t use the nudes she sends you?
My (20f) mom(50f~) talking about a true crime case and saying how she would've done it?
I (22M) am losing feelings for my girlfriend (22F).
Confined in the house of my parents
It feels empty
My BF (32M) is struggling with social distancing and is extremely depressed.
My (19F) best friend (19F) is lying to her boyfriend (19M). What do I do?
I need some help here
I (M17) haven't told my LRD girlfriend (F19) my real age and I'm scared of what will happen if I do
Was he just trying to get in my pants
I need some help here
My [45M] SO [41F] is super mad at me right now and I don't really understand what I did
My mother in law is going to cause me & my husband to divorce
Idk how I feel
I(M/21) cant understand what has my girlfreind(F/21)of 5 months so angry at me. Am I right to he angry with her as well? Is it worth staying in this relationship.
My [F23] father found my vibrator. How do I face him again?
Is it weird to confess your feelings for someone over facetime? [17M]
One of my (F24)biggest fears is to have my boyfriend (M24) cheat on me but I’m constantly fantasizing about cheating on him.
How to make a lasting friendship before we never see each other again??
I’m (25f) suddenly in a very weird spot with a guy (27m) I’ve come to like quite a bit.
My boyfriend is happier with his friends then with me
How to make a serious friendship??
I'm [21F] concerned about my sister's [11F] emotional wellbeing, not sure if I'm overreacting
"Friend" visiting BF [24m] from out of state (me [26m])
I(24f) left my abusive boyfriend (24m)
College BFF (26F) now Maid of honor for my ex's (26M) newer girlfriend (24F)
My [F23] father[M45] found my vibrator. How do I face him again?
I’m (F23) constantly scared boyfriend (M24) will cheat on me but I am constantly fantasizing about cheating on him.
My (F22) biggest fear is getting cheated on but I constantly fantasize about cheating on my boyfriend (M22)
*Tw* I (34f) was choked by my bf (30m) in a violent altercation I can't make sense of.
Can’t Stand My Dad Anymore...
The pain from flirting.
Can’t Stand My Dad Anymore...
The best friend(f18) of my(m18) girlfriend(f18) of 6 months confessed feelings for her. I don't know where to go from here.
My biggest fear is my boyfriend cheating on me but I can’t stop fantasizing about cheating on him? Thoughts or advice?
Posting towards the community
The pain from flirting.
Troubles with Being Called a Lier
My boyfriend is happier with his friends then with me
The pain that comes with flirting.
I got dumped 2x by the same girl
She (21F) keeps bringing (19M) up exes and catches feelings for someone else while dating me.
Can’t Stand My Dad Anymore...
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) refused to share sleeping bag with me in freezing temps
The pain of flirting
The best friend(f18) of my(m18) girlfriend(f19) of 6 months just confessed feelings for her. How do I move past this?
The pain from flirting.
Can’t stand my Dad anymore...
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) wouldn't share his sleeping bag with me in freezing temps
My partner of 3 years says he doesn’t believe in monogamy.
My girlfriend (21F) and me (19M) are having problems because she tends to think about her exes or gets feelings again for them during our relationship
My (26F) boyfriends (26M) family detests me and wants him back with his ex. It’s wearing down my self esteem..
57(M) My father recently passed away and my stepmother and stepbrother have reversed their treatment of me for the worse.
Do you think it is selfish of me (20/F) to want children but not want to be pregnant?
she's pretty great
Me [32M] and my partner [30F] have been together for 12 years, engaged for 3. I cheated on her and she won't leave me.
My parents don't want me to get an iPad Pro. But I'm 18M and it's with my own money.
My (37 m) husband won’t work. I (28 f) get extremely tired
My (26F) boyfriends (26M) family dislikes me, and want him back with his ex. It’s starting to wear down my self esteem.
Was he just trying to sleep with me or wanted something more
College BFF is now maid of honor in my ex's wedding - am i justified to feel upset?
My [30M] girlfriend [30F] and I broke up after our first fight in quarantine. Is it reasonable to think we could get back together?
Breakup Issue
My parents don't want me to get an iPad Pro. But I'm 18M and it's with my own money.
Do you think it is selfish of me (20/F) to want children but not want to be pregnant?
Breakup issue
Do you think it is selfish if a woman wants children but does not want to be pregnant?
Friend upset girlfriend?
Looking for advice on grief
I [29/f] can't stand when my boyfriend[33/m] asks me to do chores.
Looking for advice on how to deal with grief desperate for help
I [30M] got dumped in quarantine [30F]. Is it reasonable to think we could get back together when the dust clears?
Is it bad to know that you're temporary with someone?
Looking for advice on how to deal with a breakup and grieving over a lose of a relationship
My (25M) older sister (35F) won't stop believing in crazy conspiracies
My relationship with my partner has come long much differently to others and I feel like it's wrong.
Is it rude to exclude my (29F) friend (29F) from my bachelorette party because of her severe food allergy?
How are couples being away for so long early on in a relationship?
I am 20m and being shamed by my gf for cheating
Left in dire straights by my (29 F) boyfriend (33 M)
I recorded my boyfriend secretly in the past (20M, 23F)
My (m26) girlfriend (f24) wants to do hair in our guest room and I told her no.
My [23M] best friend [24M] of 10 year's depression is draining me, and I feel awful about it.
What should I do?
she slept with someone else while we were broken up
Ghosted all of a sudden, what to do?
Ghosted all of a sudden, What to do?
Ghosted all of a sudden?
My(26m) girlfriend(24f) wants to do hair in our guest room and I told her no...
I [25F] have a big crush on my coworker [32M], and it’s eating me up
My (26m) younger sister (18f) is upset after COVID-19 canceled her birthday and senior year of high school. How can I cheer her up?
What should I do?
Is my (30M) girlfriend (30F) cheating on me?
How are couples handling this quarantine?
My (26m) younger sister (18f) is upset over a cancelled birthday and high school graduation. How might I cheer her up?
Great guy who deserves “better”
How do I [29F] navigate my bf [38M] meeting my dad?
I don't know how to talk to men. ESP when i do like them. Advice?
“You’re a great guy and someone will be so so lucky to have you.”
Digital pain
Relationships
Do slow replies always mean the guy isn’t interested?
Is my (24f) boyfriend (27m) taking advantage of me?
Online foibles
Is my boyfriend (M22) boring or am I (F23) just not excited by him anymore?
Should I try again? Please help.
(M22) Just ended things with my GF (F22).
Help with the getting to know/talking phase
The getting to know/talking phase
The getting to know/talking phase
How much should you focus on "good fit" in relationships?
My 13 year old daughter got drunk by herself
Just ended things with the girl I was dating.
I (19M) want to tell my best friend (19F) that I like her
Do you want to be with me or not?
My (26M) girlfriend (F23) is asking for gifts
Been feeling like im competing with the family...
I [19F] am little worried with my boyfriend’s [20M] girl friend
My (M26) girlfriend (F23) is asking for gifts
Is it wrong to talk to another guy over the phone while in a relationship?
My 13 year old daughter got drunk by herself
Should I be worried that her bodycount is higher than mine? I'm anxious because of lack of experience.
How often do you communicate with your partner?
My girlfriend F[18] has been social media dark for 3 weeks ignoring her friends and me M[18]
[LONG] Hope I didn’t make a mistake in contacting recent ex.
How I met Charlie
My (31F) just found out that my brother (36M) died three months ago, and his wife (33F) didn't inform my family.
Am I [25M] allowed to be upset over current living situation involving friend/roommate [25M] and his bio mom [40/50s F]?
My 19[F] girlfriend hasent opened or text me or her friends for 3 weeks and I'm beginning to be worried
[19M] lost faith in people, but still desperate for close connection especially girlfriend
He loves me but...
NSFW Me (f27) and my husband (m31) are in a sexless marriage
What’s the worst fight you’ve ever had with your SO/ex?
My boyfriend(19M) and I (18F) got into a fight because I called a video workout instructor hot.
My 19[F] girlfriend hasent opened or text me or her friends for 3 weeks
My male boyfriend is mad at me
My 18[F] girlfriend has not text me or read my message in 3 weeks
Have you ever experienced something similar?
I (21F) am considering breaking up with my boyfriend (21M) even though he did nothing wrong
My male boyfriend is mad at me
I (21F) am considering breaking up with my boyfriend (21M) even though he did nothing wrong.
My boyfriend male is mad at me
I(21M) feel like an asshole over how I treat my GF(20F)
My bf is mad at me
How do I (20F) get through to a guy (20M) with trust issues that I want a relationship
Help!
My boyfriend is mad at me for being nice to his friend?
My (29F) mom (50s) is emotionally abusive and refuses help, but it's taking a toll on everyone.
What are you supposed to do about an emotionally abusive family member?
Does guy (M31) at work like me (F24)?
Girlfriend (23) asks too much from me (22) for our 7-month relationship
Not sure if I'm (24M) being ghosted?
My (23 F) boyfriend (23 M) of 2 years decided to delete our photos from his Instagram account
Not sure if I'm (24M) being ghosted?
Not sure if I'm (24M) being ghosted by (22F)?
Girlfriend asks too much
I think guy at work likes me but I'm not sure (guy is 31, i'm 24)
Girlfriend vs Mother situation
I [26 M] with my [25 F] I can't stop being jealous of my girlfriend's celebrity crush
Has Quarantine changed your romantic relationships?
Is my bf about to break up with me?
I (28m) struggle giving input with my girlfriend’s (32f)parenting of her kid (8)
I (18F) found out a month and a half after the break up that my boyfriend (19M) broke up with me because he thinks that I cheated on him
Does guy at work like me or just as friend?
Something felt off
Question bellow
My father is already or about to cheat on my mother.
I [26 M] with my [25 F] I can't stop being jealous of my girlfriend's celebrity crush
Gf friend with old FWB
Do you respect your SO's habits and established "places" around the house?
My stepdad is manipulative and emotionally abusive too my mum, but she wont leave him - what should i do?
My (M23) problems with my (F22) girlfriend’s sexuality
Advice on personal issue with family
My father is either already or about to cheat on my mother..
My (24f) friend (20m) keeps getting mad at my for ridiculous reasons
My (16f) best friend (16f) betrayed my trust.
I (22F) don’t know how to tell my boyfriend (24M) that I’d like him to be more romantic.
My [28F] boyfriend [29M] is incredibly insecure, but how do i tell him without making it worse?
Why do I (21m) still think about a girl from my past even though I have a girlfriend
My (17f) mom (42f) will not take care of her pet snakes.
How to stop dreadful feelings after a date? (22F)
Pushed people away long ago with no justification, should I still apologize?
GF [F28] upset because she believes I [M26] won't sacrifice for her.
My (24f) friend (20m) keeps getting mad at me for ridiculous reasons?
My long distance boyfriend-ish (22/M) is depressed and I (23/F) can’t be there because of Covid
Me and my Brother...
Worth keeping the friendship?
I jokingly call my (25f) boyfriend (26m) stupid, is this wrong?
I (21F) do not want my roommate's (20M) boyfriend over all of the time, and do not know how to delicately yet effectively state it.
My (M23) problems with my girlfriends sexuality (F22)
Girl hits on me but then becomes dry, and then flirty again and I'm confused.
How do you feel when your boyfriend following female coworkers on Instagram
I can’t forgive myself for choosing to hang out with my friends instead of seeing my grandmother on the last day she was lucid.
I 30 M think I’m a stalker 27 F
Is my bf trying to subtly break up with me
Unsure about the future of my [20M] relationship with my gf [21F]
Any females in north or South Carolina??
I (21F) have a roommate (20M) whose boyfriend is over all the time, and I'm trying to figure out how to bring it up.
Boyfriend(26m) and I(27f) disagree on dream/ideal proposal
Does going no contact make your ex see your value?
My boyfriend (19M) and I (18F) got into an argument because I called a video workout instructor hot.
I cant stop thinking its my fault
How to keep calm during the talking stage? Not overthink, etc. I haven’t been in the dating scene for awhile.
Just moved in with my boyfriend and I feel like it was a mistake.
How to keep calm during the talking stage? Not overthink, etc. I haven’t been in the dating scene for awhile.
My Girlfriend and her sexuality
Me [28 F] with my ex BF[31 M] 2 years, I am still suffering from an Overlapping relatiosnhip between my ex and is now former gf (his coworker)
My friend [f18] keeps flirting with me [m18] but also denies that she has feelings
Is my boyfriend trying to subtly break up with me?
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
I (20F) am not sure how to go about distancing myself from my friend (23M) or if I should even do so in the first place.
Unhappy in a relationship but love my [20M] partner [21F]
My boyfriend lives in filth and I can't stand living here.
My Friend f(18) keeps flirting with me(m18) but she says she doesnt have feelings
Me [19 M] Random crush [19 F] dming on instagram
My (16f) best friend (16f) betrayed my trust.
I (23F) feel extremely self-conscious and insecure in my relationship with my boyfriend (25M)
Recently got custody of my (32f) younger brother (17m) and I just overheard him talking to his friends about rape and I don't know how to handle the conversation about consent. Please help!
Am I wrong for not playing this particular game with my friend anymore?
Can you date multiple people without being a "fuckboy"?
His (M/29 ) ex (F/29) was too involved into our life and I (F/25) couldn't take it anymore. He decided to tell her about my anxiety and now I don't know if I should choose my longtime happiness over his ex's happiness.
I need help
I (22F) feel like my mental illness is ruining every relationship I have.
How do finish my already over relationship? My hopes wouldn’t let me move on
Omission F(20) M(21)
My (20F) brother (19M) confessed that he feels depressed and I need advice on how to be supportive in the best way.
Does anyone else have to deal with family members giving you too many things? I need some help! I feel like the local Goodwill at this point.
Omission
Can you dat multiple people without being a "fuckboy" ?
I (22F) feel like my mental illness is ruining every single relationship I have.
Do I drop my best and only friend?
My boyfriend (M33) watches porn and I don't like it. Should I just get over it or move on?
FWB Letter
My (20F) brother (19M) has confessed he feels depressed and I need advice on how I can be supportive in the best way.
Can you date multiple people without being a "fuckboy" ?
I (23F) feel extremely self-conscious in my relationship with my boyfriend (25M)
Should I apologize to her, I feel like I was obnoxious?
I think I’m a stalker...
I (21F) feel like I’ve grown apart from my boyfriend (25) during quarantine
My [28 M] girlfriend [27 F] is surrounded by dumb people
My (21f) bf (22m) suddenly seems disinterested in me.. idk what to do
I [21F] went on Omegle for fun and met this cool guy [19M] who I continued to talk to as a friend. However I am in a 3 year relationship and is what I did cheating and should I tell my boyfriend [23M]?
Should I apologize to her? Been thinking about her a lot lately.
My (22f) partner (25m) seems to be smoking cigarettes again and lied to me about it.
My (26M) girlfriend (25F) does not have a sexual desire for me anymore
I (22f) think my partner (24m) is lying to me about smoking cigarettes
F/24; feel very alone like over time I have managed to ruin every relationship I’ve had
I (16) think I might be a lesbian but I have a boyfriend (17)
I [25M] cannot tolerate my girlfriend's [23F] weed habit anymore.
I (27/M) want to buy a portable dishwasher for my apartment, but I'm worried about how my dad (57/M) would react.
My (20F) girlfriend of 10 months was harassed by a common acquaintance but want to simply let it go. What do I do? (22M)
My [28 M] girlfriend [27 F] has really dumb people around her.
Me [19 M] with Random crush [19 F]
Girlfriend [19F] didn't post anything about me on my [19M] birthday
My mother's overprotective and simultaneously childish tendencies are driving me crazy
His mom hates me TL;DR
His mom hates me.. :(
My (21F) Boyfriend (22M) Hates My Dog
I (M25) made my long-term girlfriend (F25) upset and I'm frustrated with the hypocrisy of situation
For older virgins or lonely people, I have a good strategy that may help you lose your virginity fast, and/or to get a one night stand.
My (21f) bf (22m) hasn’t been very good to me lately and I dont know what to do
My (26F) father (67M) had a bad fall yesterday, and I'm not sure if I should reach out.
My girlfriend (19F) didn't post about me on my birthday (19M)
I [25F] think I am emotionally cheating on my partner [25M] of almost 7yrs
What can I do about my cousin who bullies me and won’t leave me alone?
I (M25) made my long-term girlfriend (F25) upset and I'm frustrated with the hypocrisy of situation
For older virgins or lonely people, I have a good strategy that may help you lose your virginity fast, and/or to get a one night stand.
I'm [20M] getting tired of initiating things with my girlfriend [20F].
I [25M] cannot tolerate my girlfriend's [23F] weed habit anymore.
My [24M] GF [25F] harrased a girl for 2 years
For older virgins or lonely people, I have a good strategy that may help you lose your virginity fast, and/or to get a one night stand.
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants
Friend best my face up last night over white claws. Never want to speak to or see him again.
How to talk to mom about her drinking
I am not feeling any kind of attraction at the moment
32F struggling to feel secure in my new relationship
Love
Bf (23m) turned down chance of spending two weeks with me (23M) in favour of going to his parents
Past interfering with present
Anxiety: In The Making
have you ever discovered something about your SO's past that s/he kept from you and struggled to move on from it?
I got punched in the face by one of my good friends last night. Bad. And it’s not the first time this has happened.
have you ever discovered something about your SO's past that s/he kept from you and struggled to accept and move on from it?
I [21F] went on Omegle for fun and ended up really connecting with this guy [19M] who I continued to talk to, even though I have a boyfriend [23M]
20F: Have to get this off my chest
Does my boyfriend (28M) sound like he’s in it with me (22F) for the long run?
Made myself vulnerable, played my cards right, she friendzones me and I think she’s lying about why.
I need help
Relationship marriage counseling adviser
have you ever discovered something about your SO's past that your s/he kept from you and struggled to move past it? were you ever able to forget and move on?
My (57M) father passed away and my stepmother and stepbrother have had a complete personality reversal.
I’m a white trash home wrecker
Does it sound like my bf (28M) is in it with me (22F) for the long run?
My (22F) abusive Ex (22M) won't leave me alone
How likely is it that my [30/M] friend [25/F] scammed me for being a creep?
Boyfriend [30M] doesn’t want to move with me [26F] because we won’t have high-speed internet at our new home.
Does my boyfriend (28M) sound like he’s in it with me (22F) for the long run?
I (F19) don’t know how to break up with my boyfriend (M18)
I (M23) am doomed to an impossible love with the woman (F47) I desire
I [55 F] Worried After my Loyally Christian Daughter [28 F] Revealed She Has Been Having Premarital Sex But She Got Defensive When I Raise My Fears for Her Soul
I [25F] feel like I have been emotionally cheating on my partner [25M]
My wife (31f) says I (30m) am no longer the person she wants to talk to
Trying but struggling to understand and respect introverted SO's [26M] boundaries
I’m a stupid lonely person
How are your relationships doing during this pandemic?
I (M23) am doomed to an impossible love with the woman (F47) I want
Would it be wrong to ask my (24f) boyfriend (24m) to quit his job so we can move?
I have an incredibly low libido and am not interested in sex anymore
I [27]M told my GF that i would like to also spend some time at home instead of off hours at her parents place [24]F
Is it me ?
I have an incredibly low libido and rarely ever want to have sex with my husband
Is it me?
My [f/25] bf [M/25] of 9 years keeps ignoring me.
Struggling with what I'm (30M) feeling after breakup with GF (27F)
I feel like my [25/F] bf [25/M] of 9 years doesn’t care about my feelings recently
My (31f) wife says I’m (30m) not the person she wants to talk to anymore
My Boyfriend Won't Pay Attention to Me.
I [26 M] am breaking up with my 5 months partner [24 N] after I got heated and did an aggressive move
The friend group ringleader is taking my [21f] friends
Is my (31M) girlfriend (31F) cheating on me?
SO broke up with me becyof my behaviour
My (22M) sister (30F) only talks about herself
paying for woman is patriarchal
I (28F) don’t want to control his (29) social media but.....
Had to get this off my chest, still not sure if i did the right thing. Thanks in advance for anybody reading!
My mom [60sF] is making me [27f] Feel guilty every time I leave the house because of my aging dog.
I can't forgive myself for no picking up the phone
I [30M] think it might be time to end a 14 year relationship with my fiancée [31F], but still not convinced. Please send help!!
Found my [22M] ex's [21F] boyfriend [24M] on a dating app..?
My boyfriend (20M) liked a degrading comment towards me (20F)?
(17M) In the middle of a toxic household and divorce
My dad [55m] is not taking social distancing seriously and it's putting him and my mom [53f] at risk. My mom wants me [25f] to move home and don't know what to do.
Words Of Encouragement After My (F/21) Failed Relationship?
My boyfriend likes me to have sex with other men
I (28F) Need A Breakup Script
I [21F] am uncomfortable with my best friend’s [21F] relationship with her boyfriend [17M]
Need Help wanting my Wife again 🙁🙁🙁
Moving out at (18M)
Is this flirting or friendship
a guy i liked stopped talking to me because i bled on the bed
Moving out at (18m), parents (48m, 48f)
I [18M] am jealous of my girlfriend [18F] and her therapist and I feel so stupid for it.
Moving out at 18
I (19F) feel guilty about not staying in touch with any of my high school friends.
SOS: Help me help him! This pandemic is utterly destroying my (27f) boyfriend's (27m) soul … and our relationship
I (16) Feel Like my Bf (17) Has Let Himself Go
I(24m) want to apologize to a former obession(20f) that ended with her going NC two years ago
My [25M] father [59M] is a depressed alcoholic and is acting like a child, stressing my mother and I
I’m torn between 2 guys. Help!!
I [21F] am comfortable with my friend’s [21F] relationship with her boyfriend [17M]
How to reconcile moderate expressed interest in something and limited actual participation.
Is my best friend a psycho
I [23/M] don't know if I should remain friends with my ex [24/F] who broke up with me
I (f 16) Feel Like My Bf (17) Has Let Himself Go
My (19M) partner (22F) loves me, but never fell in love with me.
Getting over someone in this lockdown is impossible
a guy i liked stopped talking to me because i bled on the bed
Descobri um app gratuito onde umas safadas se exibem peladas de graça, ganhem moedas no Link conheçam o faceCast app de lives quentes... Garotas safadas se exibem por moedas... Ganhem 30 moedas no link http://www.facecast.live/index.html?token=NTg1MjM2
Am I wrong?
My (30M) sister (39F) and girlfriend (25M) don't get along
My (19M) partner (22F) loves me, but never fell in love with me. What should I do?
I (24M) feel like my Fiancé (26F) is becoming too intense and controlling with our finances
My(19M) partner(22F) loves me, but never fell in love with me. Ehat should I do?
Am I Wrong?
I(24M) want to apologize to a former obsession (20f) for lying
I (24M) feel like my Fiancé (26F) is too intense with our finances
My [25M] father [59M] is a depressed alcoholic and is acting childish
My (22M) sister (30F) only talks about herself
Thinking this is attention seeking?(19F)
I’m scared of my boyfriends dad
I (21M) need advice on a speech to make her (21F) my girlfriend
My bf[23 M] and I[23 F] have been in a relationship for over 2 years and we don't have stuff to talk about.
Should I (26M) end this relationship with her (34F) for good?
a guy stopped talking to me because i bled on the bed
My bf [23 M] and I [23 F] run out of topics to talk about.
Am I this guys rebound ?
Me [23 F] and my bf [23 M] have been running out of topics to talk about.
Need help in a relationship. Maybe a piece of advice or shared wisdom.
I (26F) feel like I'm falling out of love with my bf (35M) of 7 months
i (26F) feel like I'm falling out of love with my bf (35M)
Am I wrong for getting angry at him for his lack of communication?
My [20f] partner [22m] is a dog
Am I wrong for getting angry at him for his lack of communication?
How to react to disturbing sexual information about your partner?
My friend [16F] doesn't listen to my [15F] problems, what should I do?
Is it controlling to not want my [21M] girlfriend [19F] to take hard drugs at parties?
I'm a 16M and my ex is 14F.
How do I (28m) reconcile my religious difference with my gf (29f)? (3 year relationship)
Confusing break up
How do I (28m) reconcile the religious differences between me and my girlfriend (29f)? (3 year relationship)
Autistic girl (29F) who’s never been on a date trying hard not to come on too strong with guy online (28M) please send help!
Is my boyfriend selfish in bed?
How do I reconcile the religious differences between my partner and me?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21] or did he want something more
Is my boyfriend selfish in bed?
Feeling lonely at home?
Does my boyfriend find me unattractive?
My brother [30M] is mad at me because I didn't want to talk [21F].
How to react to disturbing sexual information about your partner?
My (22M) ex (20f) sends me snaps that would make one jealous
When is a relationship over?
My boyfriend has been staying with me during Quarantine. Should I ask him to contribute financially?
My boyfriend [20M] and his family find hunting normal but I [20F] come from a different culture and background, and am uncomfortable. How do I understand him better?
My [25M] father [59M] is a depressed alcoholic and acting like a child
How do I break to my friend (F/17) that her husband (M/18) is (probably gonna start) cheating on her with her EX closest friend(F/also 17)? (they haven't been married for a while, but being together was bout 10 months - 1 year.)
Am I (30f) wrong for being upset that my husband (33m) and I didn't draw out our wills together?
My (23m) mom (57f) is being clingy and won't let me move out
A stubborn father
My ex texted me and got my hopes up
Ex texted me & got my hopes up
I(22M) fucked up
A stubborn father
How do I bring up that I need more communication?
Can’t decide which guy to pursue
Wedding Drama Between Fiancee (F23) and Myself (M23) and In Laws, Please Help?
Wedding Drama between my fiancee (F23) and I (M23) and In Laws, Please help?
Not sure which guy to go after
I (29F) am looking for some ideas for helping my husband (29M) when he is feeling burnt out.
How do I (32F) find a partner that leaves their hair down there without dating process/asking personal question too early?
I (28f) feel angry when I see ...cute couples
Exam stress causing fights between me (22/M) and my SO (21/F) - how do I proceed?
My (28F) eating disorder is easily triggered by BF’s (39M) passing comments about other women.
Sleeping On Couch.
My girlfriend keeps lying about her ex
Not sure what to do from here
Unhealthy dependence on girlfriend
I (28 f) feel angry when I see.....cute couples
Leftover friend... and I kindof feel sour, should I ?
would you tell someone you're attracted to that you saw the person they were sleeping out with someone else? why?
I (F/16) have been dating M/18 since January.
would you tell someone you're attracted to that you saw the person they were sleeping out with someone else? why?
How do I (22f) deal with my semi-long distance relationship if I’m not feeling emotionally supported through it?
My moms friend [55/F] moved into our house and is keeping me [28/M] up at night with loud noise. Need to politely get her to keep it down.
How Do You "Check In" With A Partner?
My (25m) girlfriend (23F) keeps running away from everyone.
How do I (20F) break up with my gf (20F)
My partner doesn’t have ANY photos of me or us together on his phone, and never post photos of me, should I be worried?
Ex disrespected me in front of our colleagues, I’m considering taking him back
I don’t think my parents have a healthy relationship.
My (F19) boyfriend (M18) won’t take no for an answer
How can you tell the difference between loving someone and being in love with someone, in a romantic sense?
My [30/M] friend [25/F] ignored my text whenever I accepted her offer. Am I that repulsive?
Should I (F/21) Stay Friends With My Cheating Ex (M/23)?
Anniversary ideas
Breakups where you’re wrong for each other but still love each other
Breakups where you’re wrong for each other but still care about each other
An Emotionally Invested GF (25F)
Will my (22F) covert narcissist ex (27M) come back?
Should I (21F) return to NYC for my partner (21F)?
How to deal with jealousy over my [20M] FWB [35M] while in lockdown together?
Should I (21F) return to NYC for my partner (21F)?
I don't want my son [18M] getting an iPad.
Should I (21F) return to NYC for my partner (21F)?
Do we work things out or go our separate ways?
Need advice
An Emotionally Invested GF (25F)
I [24 M] may have cheated on my girlfriend [23 F] but I'm not sure.
My "perfect" boyfriend cheated on me, I decided to work it out because I realized my own mistakes. But what if that is not enough?
My (18F) boyfriend (19M) is obsessive with what his future partners will think of him.
An emotionally invested GF (25F)
How do I (16/M) get my cousin (15/F) to stop sneaking out of her house at night?
How do I (22M) start dating again?
An emotionally invested GF
He M(26) bought me a drink and has a gf, yet he’s now ignoring me F(22), when I thought it was a friendly gesture
He M(26) started the convo and bought me F(22) a drink, but he has a gf and is now ignoring me
I’m torn between 2 guys. Help:(
HELP: My man picks and blows his nose without a tissue!
My [25F] boyfriend [28M] of a year and a half stalks his highschool crush everyday, and masturbates to her at least once a week. I feel disgusted.
He bought me a drink and started the convo and it was going great, but I realized he has a gf and now he’s ignoring me
My (27m) wife (25f) abuses me both mentally and physically. She is controlling and I am stuck in this relationship, and just cannot do anything right.
HELP: My man thinks it's OK to pick and blow his nose without a tissue!
Do I [30M] need to work out with my girlfriend [31F] if she’s looking to loose weight?
HELP: My BF picks & blows his nose without a tissue!
I have an onlyfans account but my boyfriend is making this really hard.. I need some good advice
Need advice
HELP: My BF thinks it's cool to pick & blow his nose without a tissue!
I dnt think advice will help me. But God knows what. Lets see
Boyfriend (23) actively tries to dislike whatever I'm (24) interested in
Me (15) keeps getting sweared/shouted out by my mom (37)
Should I[22f] confront my bf[21m] for ignoring me and messaging others?
My mom keeps swearing at me
How do I cope after a break up? (M23)
I (23F) get annoyed when my BF (24M) comments on reddit about other girls. Was it an innocuous comment?
How do I deal with this situation with my BF in lockdown??
BF (M30) will masturbate in the washroom almost every morning and he doesn't think I (F30) know. (NSFW)
How do I get beyond small talk?
Stuck in quarantine with somebody who lies to me and continually loses his temper. Need plan of action
I (20M) may have unintentionally creeped out an old friend of mine (21F) trying to reconnect.
One of my (27/f) best friends (26/m) is in love with me--I told him I don't feel the same, but he said he won't stop pursuing me until I'm married...
I [27f] missed my good friend and roommates [28M] birthday yesterday, I need ideas to make it up to him
I (20M) may have unintentionally creeped out an old friend of mine (21F) while trying to reconnect.
Upset Boyfriend solutions?
He (27M) asked me (20F) if my friends knew he existed as I was giving him head
Upset Boyfriend
I (20m) don't know how to feel about my (21f) girlfriend
Upset Boyfriend
I (20m) don't know how to feel about my (21f) girlfriend
I (16F) realized I have feelings for my best friend (16M) and have no idea what to do.
I (20M) don't know how to feel about my (21F) girlfriend
I’m torn between 2 guys. Help :(
Am I (25F) experiencing FOMO or is my relationship with my boyfriend (25M) coming to an end?
I 29F think my sister 32F is being catfished
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) of 6 months won’t communicate with me until I’m at my breaking point
Loss of Interest, or Something
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) of 6 months won’t communicate with me until I’m at my breaking point
Why am I (25m) expected to play games with my girlfriend (24f)
I (15F) told my crush (15F) that I liked her. She's in but I realised that I'm stuck for date ideas.
What Do I (F/21) Do After My Breakup? :(
I (14F) need date ideas for my girlfriend (14F) in a tiny town after quarantine's over.
Should I keep trying or cut my losses?
Loss of Interest, or Something?
Gift Your Mom A Sweet Smelling Surprise This Mother’s Day
I(28F) had a good talk with the man(26M) I have been seeing for two months. I’m now stuck with a very hard decision.
Should I text her? I really do love her
Girlfriend Said She Doesn't Miss Me
I (29f) want to run away from the house and leave my SO (32m)
Should I keep trying or cut my losses?
Do you believe in being locked down to early?
What do I do about my unmotivated fiance?
I (21f) started hooking up with my (34m) coworker. What red flags should I be looking for?
What do I do about my unmotivated fiancé?
(update) Should I (26M) leave this relationship with her (34F) for good?
Should I (36F) go no contact with my parents (65M, 64F) because they are sometimes racist?
How do I cope with jealousy..
HELP - my fiancé is so unmotivated and it's driving me crazy!!!
Something basic is confusing me, Please clear it up for me.
Should I (26M) just leave this relationship with her (34F) for good?
In a toxic relationship, if a girl wants to break up, she's brave. But if a guy decides to do the same, he's a jerk.
My fiancé(27M) tells me(25F) my feelings are wrong
Need 500$$
How can i overcome this?
I [19M] have a girlfriend[19F] who doesn’t want to call me and everytime I ask she says she is helping her moms with chores around the house and cannot talk. But she will try to but never actually does.
My fiancé(27M) tells me my(25F) feelings are “wrong”
What Do I (F/21) Do After My Breakup?
[Update] my (21f) boyfriend (24m) doesn’t want me posting pictures of me in shorts
I (31F) don't know what to do about my mum (60F) and if shes toxic?
My (21F) boyfriend (25M) raped my sister
I(32M) don't know what to do with GF(32F)
Boyfriend's (23/m) checking account is still somehow connected to his parents checking account, so they can monitor it. We're in a serious relationship of 2 and a half years and it makes me (24/f) a little unsettled.
I (31F) don't know what to do about my mum (60F) and if shes toxic?
Boyfriend's (23/m) checking account is still somehow connected to his parents checking account, so they can monitor it. We're in a serious relationship of 2 and a half years and it makes me (24/f) a little unsettled
Me (22 y F) and my boyfriend (23 y M) have been together since 2018
I (26F) keep falling asleep while bf (26M) is playing videogames
My girlfriend has a problem with gamer girls
I need some love advice. Help :(
My girlfriend has a problem with gamer girls
Will it last?
How do I [30 F] tell my partner [33 M] to stop being verbally abusive and stop making me look bad in front of his friends and family?
I (M28) am at a loss as to whether I should MARRY or LEAVE my GF(F26) of 2 years
My (16F) bf (45M) is making me uncomfortable by asking me to watch porn
Can you predict if a relationship is going to last or not?
My (21m) girlfriend (28f) made an onlyfans account and it is killing our relationship
How do I (19f) get my boyfriend (21m) to stay with me.
Should I have left my ex?
I have issues with one of my friends who befriended a guy who was flirting and texting with my now wife (then fiancee). What should I do?
My [33F] husband [34M] barely talks to me and I flipped out.
what is the best thing i can do to help my best friend?
I [F21] need help to get out of the relationship with my bf [M24]
Help me on how to get my bf to stay
My [33f] husband [34m] barely talks to me, and I flipped out.
Friend of mine (F20) reacted to my (M22) Instagram story when I uploaded a photo of the game we like. How do can I bring her intrest in being friends after not speaking much about a few years ago?
I Heard My Girlfriend Making Hurtful Comments
I (23F) can’t reach out to my best friend (22M). I’m worried I might have lost him for good.
Planning on hiding my (23F) virginity in next relationship. Is it possible?
My [20F] boyfriend [21M] thinks I’m into him, but I’m with him to avoid being single
Planning on hiding my (23F) virginity in next relationship. Is it possible?
Dealing with different sleeping pattern with boyfriend? (4 years together, live in same house)
Broke up with best friend - Did I make wrong choice?
Broke up with my best friend - Not sure if I made the wrong choice
How do I get my friend (31F) to STFU about her "ex"?
help with relationship
What does it mean if I can’t stop thinking about breaking up?
How to cope with not falling asleep with boyfriend? We live in the same house.
I (26M) feel lost and alone in my relationship (31F) what do I do?
I (20) cannot stand my boyfriend's (25) sister (20)
Honest advice needed, please don’t judge
my sister and nephew are facebook friends with my ex.
Corona and relationship issues
I [19F] keep on overreacting to my boyfriend's [21M] interactions with his female friends
I (M38) have never been able to get into a real relationship.
Can I Fix This?
My relationship
Is it wrong to think my boyfriend is cheating on me
From my (F26) date to friend (M32) to..?
How do I (24/F) get my boyfriend (27/M) to stop touching me so much?
Need help to deal with jealousy over bf (26M) past roommate
I (23F) can’t reach my best friend (22M). I’m worried that I lost him for good.
Honest advice needed, please don’t judge
Should I (23M) break up with my partner (23F) because of her new obsession?
What to do when a good relationship makes your mental health worse? (F,M 20s)
What should i do
Struggling with long distance?
What to do when a good relationship makes your mentall health worse? (F,M 20s)
How do I [30 F] tell my partner [33 M] to stop being verbally abusive and stop making me look bad in front of his friends and family?
Should I (23M) break up with my partner (23F) because of her new obsession?
Our discussions about sex are putting our relationship in danger
How can I [M/21] "let go", and care less after a toxic relationship with my close friend [M/21]
Me(19M) and my crush's (19F) past relationship eating me up alive
this guy (m19) with a girlfriend (f19) is talking to me (f17) and i think it’s a bit much??
Me(19M) and my crush's (19F) past relationship eating me up alive
this guy (m19) with a girlfriend (f19) is talking to me (f17) and i think it’s a bit much??
My boyfriend (20M) says he doesnt know if he will ever fall in love with me (18F)
this guy (m19) with a girlfriend (f19) is talking to me (f17) and i think it’s a bit much??
People who post their relationship problems here, aren't you afraid your partner is going to see the post?
My (22/f) boyfriend (21/m) keeps bringing up his father's death.
Our discussions about sex are putting our relationship in danger
Onlyfans.com/lanaa420
Could my [29F] boyfriend [34M] be on the spectrum or are we just incompatible?
My ( 17 F) boyfriend (18 M) has a very interesting relationship with sister
My (17 F) boyfriend (18 M) might have a weird attraction to his sister
Long- toxic texts with aunt
How has corona effected couples
My mom mourns my dead dog every night
Girlfriend [21M] keeps on telling me [22M] “Nevermind” far too many times already. What should I do?
Enjoying God's Gift of Sexual Intimacy - What Men Want In Bed
My mom mourns over my dead dog every night
Corona and couple issues
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) is having gender dsyphoria. I'm extremely confused pls help i don't know what to do but I want to be there by him by his side :(
I (28M) don't know what to do about my girlfriend of 7 years (29F) cheating on me.
I (30F) can’t stand that my boyfriend finds other women attractive.
I think my (22F) bf (24M) is avoiding me
Do you think someone (m20) who’s single who knowingly sleeps with someone (f20)who’s in a relationship is just as bad?
Do you think someone who’s single who knowingly sleeps with someone who’s in a relationship is just as bad?
Did I [23M] do the right thing to stop talking to her[22F]
Do you think if someone who’s single knowingly sleeps with someone who’s in a relationship that they aren’t a very good person?
How can I [M/21] "let go", and care less after a toxic relationship with my close friend [M/21]
Did I get played? Or do I need to chill
I (28M) don't know what to do about my girlfriend of 7 years (29F) cheating on me.
Should I (32M) ask her why she (36W) ended things with me?
Did I get played? Or do I need to chill
Has anyone developed feelings for their best friend? How did it go?
Has anyone developed feelings for their best friend? How did it turn out?
Did I [23M] do the right thing to stop talking to her[22F]?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21] or did he want something more?
I fell for someone I don't even know how he looks like
How can I [M/21] "LET GO", and care less after a toxic relationship with my close friend [M/21]
Is it over between my Fiancé (24M) and I (25F)?
Getting over an ex
Is it bad to end my 2,5y relationship?
Am I crazy for considering moving out of state with an ex girlfriend?
My (26F) partner (28M) is not social distancing. His roommate doesn't allow me to come over because I have an essential job and the hypocrisy is bothering me.
Am I stupid for thinking about moving out of state with an ex girlfriend?
My boyfriend (32M) just broked up with me (26F) after realizing he's not worthy and over fear of long distance's consequences.
I went through with my fantasy of having sex with a young boy [16M] , and now I am having mixed feelings after.
Fuckboy [M/21] or did he actually want a relationship with me [F/21]?
I (23F) feel betrayed and lied to by my boyfriend (27M) of 4 years and I don’t know if I’m overreacting.
Half year together, now he told me that he doesn’t love me. What should I do?
How can I [M/21] "LET GO", and care less after toxic relationship with my close friend [M/21]
He doesn’t love me, how should I react?
My GF (21) says that I'm not her ideal type physically or personality wise.
I (19F) have a personality disorder and it's affecting my view on my relationship with my girlfriend (19F)
Need some advice
Is it normal for parents to see their teen kids naked?
I (23F) feel betrayed and lied to by my boyfriend (27M) of 4 years and I don’t know if I’m overreacting.
Is it normal for parents to see their teen children naked?
My bf chooses porn over me
Tl;dr my bf chooses porn over me
I don’t want my bf watching porn
Is Sleeping in Separate Rooms a Problem?
tl;dr I don’t want my bf watching porn
TL;DR I don’t want my bf watching porn
Estranged father attempting to contact me [21M]
Boyfriend invaded my privacy by reading my texts from when we were broken up.
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] asked for space from me during quarantine. It has been a month and I don't know what to do.
I (23M) feel urges to contact my ex (22F)
I [27F] feel trapped with my own wicked jealousy of roommates' [27/28 F/M] relationship
I (18f) think it's time to break up with my boyfriend (18m) of three years. BUT I'm really attached.
I (23f) think I got married too quickly 46m)
I love my girlfriend with all my heart..
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] asked for space from me during quarantine and I don't know what to do.
i (18f) think it's time to break up with my bf (18m) of three years. BUT i'm attached.
I don’t want my bf watching porn
My GF (25F) of 1 year shuts down on me when I (23M) tell her how she has greatly upset me. Is the relationship doomed?
How do I know if a crush is worth leaving a relationship for?
How do I (30F) know if a crush is worth leaving a relationship for?
How do you know if a crush is worth leaving a relationship for?
My girlfriend swears at me too much.. should I end it? I’m 23, she’s 27 we’ve been together 2 years
I (22M) lied about not being a virgin to my girlfriend (21F), and 1 year later she still does not know.
Moral question
I (f/21) am struggling with my mental health and I don’t think my bf (m/21) understands.
Did I (M38) perhaps overreacted by blocking her (F27)
Broke up with my boyfriend (23m) today because of my parents. How do I (24f) get out of this abusive family dynamic?
My [30/M] friend [25/F] ignored my text whenever I accepted her offer. Am I that repulsive?
I hate my dad.
Is she cheating?
Broke up with my boyfriend (23m) today because of my parents. How do I (24f) get out of this abusive family dynamic?
How to break up with someone who has severe low self esteem?
Advice for girl/ social media (16M)
Is she cheating on me ?
How to break up with an emotionally dependent partner?
My boyfriend's previous involvement in hookup culture makes me insecure
My(23f) boyfriend(25m) isn’t taking this pandemic serious
Need to talk
shame about still thinking about my ex
Advice for helping long distance girlfriend who self harms and has an eating disorder. 20M 18F 8 months
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21] or wanted something more?
since this app is 95% guys, would you personally rather go for the ‘quiet nerd’ or the ‘outgoing bubbly’ chic. my friend and i are making a bet so please be honest.
32F - struggling with an anxious attachment styles and how to process it in a new relationship.
furry and curry
Update: on my boyfriend and I having deeper/more cultured conversations
Veggie tails
(22M) Fallen in love for the first time, but they're with my best friend. How can I accept that and move on?
My (f21) GF (21) said my body made her uncomfortable and i wanna understand what she's going through
How do I [28F] show respect towards your boyfriend [MX]?
I'm (18F) overweight and my parents keep commenting on it and I need advice on what to do
Boyfriend (26m) shoves Me (19f) during sex
Is marrying a divorced woman with kids an indicator of low self esteem or lack of self respect?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]?:
I'm [30M] dating a single mother [35F] and some parts sometimes frighten me a bit
I (24f) feel like by having a fallout with my mom (49f) I'll lose my relationship with my nephew (18mM)
Losing childhood bestfriend [20F]
How do I (20F) break up with my gf (20F)
Losing childhood bestfriend (F21)
Can you actually be friends with an ex-partner, immediately after?
General question: [28F] respect towards your boyfriend [MX]?
How do I (20F) break up with my gf (20F)
My sister [F20] is berating me [M17] for wanting the money I loaned to my parents back.
How do you show respect towards your boyfriend or husband?
My (23m) mom (61f) won't let me move out.
Distance being a problem
Can you actually be friends with an ex-partner, immediately after?
My girlfriend completely rejected my asking for comfort. What do I do?
How to not catch feelings??
He needs time all of a sudden
Anyone else have a breakup and feel so emotionally drained that they just feel nothing?
Me [17M] and my crush[17F] were sharing screens on mac and I saw something that is the last thing she wanted me to see, but she doesn't know I saw it.
Me [17M] and my crush[17F] were sharing screens on mac and I saw something that is the last thing she wanted me to see, but she doesn't know I saw it.
I (23F) feel like one of my roommates(22M) was bullied into depression by me and my other roommates.
Is it okay to reject someone based on how many people they’ve slept with?
UPDATE: I (21F) am not sure if my relationship with my mom (38F) will ever recover
My mom is emailing my therapist behind my back
I’m 24 he is 38
Will there always be something weird and unexplainable between “that ex” ?
Should I call him again or wait until I see him again?
I’m 24 bf is 38
I’m 24 bf is 38
Should I (22F) message my ex (27M) to clear the air?
Would i be wrong if i made my (60Y higher risk group) mom go out to buy bread everyday during quarantine?
Conflicted on breaking up with my girlfriend of a year
Will there always be something weird and unexplainable between “that ex” ?
How do I know my ex wants to get back together?
Should I (22F) message my ex (27M) to clear the air?
How to move on after a break up?
Am I (19F) actually nonbinary, being dumb about how sure I am about my girlfriend (22F) of one year?
My mom is emailing my therapist about me behind my back. What are my rights as a 16 yo? (my therapist did not break confidentiality, but my mom severely broke my trust)
S/O Without Driver’s License?
My bf is 38 I’m 24
How do I know if my ex/best friend wants to get back together?
Am I (19F) (actually nonbinary) being crazy with how sure I am about my girlfriend (22F)
I (20M) am upset my gf(20F) doesn't want to move in together for quarantine and I feel that's sort of dooming our relationship
My (nb22) roommates (both 26 m&f) are respecting my request we all remain completely quarantined because my dad (50) is high risk
My Ex is My Best Friend
My boyfriend is 38 I’m 24
I (22F) think I really want a friendship with my ex (24M)
My (NB22) roommates (both 26M&F) aren't respecting my request to remain completely quarantined because my dad (50) is high risk.
Sexual compatibility with my wife.
What should I do
Marriage Counseling Question
I (23M) am upset my gf(20F) doesn't want to move in together for quarantine
Have to move out (29F) and landlord agreed to June move out but roommate (40F) wont let me?
I (21F) been messing with a close friend (21M) for 2 1/2 years now and I can’t understand how he feels about me.
Landlord gave me permission to break lease but roommate is being difficult, what now?
My [23M] boyfriend doesn’t trust me anymore after I [23F] panic-lied to him and cane clean a week later
I'm (21M) worried about the age gap between me and (27F)
Your take on a Male( mid 30’s) who has been with his SO Female (mid 30’s) for roughly 5 years that comes off as using sex for control
I (M21) like a friend at college (F27). I think she likes me aswell, but i'm worried about the age gap.
I (F29) lost sex drive. BF (M32) gets disappointed. Tips to find the balance?
What gift should I order for my boyfriend?
Power struggle and how to deal with it ft. cockroaches in the kitchen?
She's 27, I'm 21, should i go for it or stay friends?
I broke up with my boyfriend of 2 years today
My (19M) boyfriend and I (18F) are saving up to move in together in two or three years. Mom says i should live alone first?
How to “talk talk” to a girl?
Anger, confusion, fake accounts (21M)
Need help on how to advance
my [23M] gf [24F] is a huge conspiracy theorist and I'm just now finding out 4 years into our relationship.
I’m single after a 3 year relationship and it feels really weird
Feeling like my (27f)relationship is doomed to fail because I am not as ambitious as my partner (28m)
Need help regarding a friend.
I’m (29F) finding that during quarantine, I’m slowly becoming more forgotten and invisible to everyone I know. I’m becoming so lonely and depressed and don’t know what to do.
My [23M] boyfriend doesn’t trust me anymore after I [24F] panic-lied to him and came clean a week later
I am convinced I [23m] have been unforgivably abusive towards my girlfriend [23f] and don't know if I should break up with her. She claims she's fine and I did nothing wrong. A Redditor claims I r*ped her.
How do I (30M) get back in touch with a (25F) former friend?
I (22F) am so angry. Ex-boyfriend (23M) of a 4 YR LDR dumped me out of nowhere, 2 months before we were going to close the gap.
Best friend (19f) of many years ghosted me (21nb) entirely, and I’m really struggling to make sense of it. (reposting to follow posting rules better)
I'm 19 f and he's 20 and I scared him away
How do I tell my partner about something I did when we broke up from years ago?
my [23M] gf [24F] is a raging conspiracy theorist and I never knew until 4 years into our relationship.
Thoughts on dating while legally married?
How do I go about telling my partner I slept with someone on a break years ago??
How do you feel about your other half watching porn?
How do you feel about your other half watching porn?
I (17)(M) messed up with my (16) (F) girlfriend
My boyfriend wants me to convert to his religion
I scared him away
Long term bf(26) of 7 years broke up with me (26f) - need future advice
I am convinced I [23m] have been unforgivably abusive towards my girlfriend [23f] and don't know if I should break up with her. She claims she's fine and I did nothing wrong. A Redditor informed me it may be r*pe.
I [20F] ended a friendship with a good friend [21F] yet I feel happier/confident about it than my previous romantic relationship with my ex [22M]. Are my views twisted?
My(F/16) boyfriend(M/15) likes an anime girl more than me. Advice?
Busy boyfriend during social isolation
My girlfriend [29/F] still wants to argue with me [30/M] even when I told her that I'm in a 'depressed mood'
Am I wrong?
Am I wrong?
My(F/16) boyfriend(M/15) likes an anime girl more than me.
My girlfriend [29/F] still wants to argue with me [30/M] even when I told her I'm currently in a 'depressed mood'
I (F20) was ghosted by my best friend (F20)
My boyfriend likes an anime girl more than me. Please give me some advice.
I am convinced I [23m] have been unforgivably abusive towards my girlfriend [23f] and don't know if I should break up with her. I have posted our text conversation in this post.
I (18F) don’t think my boyfriend (18M) is attracted to me.
If a guy says he’s “not ready for the next step”, does he even like you?
My boyfriend likes an anime girl more than me. Please give me some advice.
I (f20) was ghosted by my best friend (f20)
If a guy says he’s “not ready for the next step”...
I (22F) don’t think I will ever get along with my sister (17F)
My (24 F) roommate (29 M) constantly leaves a mess and destroys my things
I (31M) want to stay friends with my emotional affair (33M) without telling my husband
Looking for Cheaters
I (23F) am pretty sure my marriage is over. (24M)
I (22F) don’t think I’ll ever get along with my sister (17F)
Want to stay friends with emotional affair
Should I try to rekindle the relationship?
Is role-playing sex on Tumblr cheating?
I want to move in, but he hasn’t asked yet!
Is a book a boring/lame present to give to my [21M] girlfriend[19F]?
Caught cheating
I want to break up with my boyfriend, but I feel guilty.
My girlfriend (22) is going to be moving in with me (23) in a new city
I (23F) am pretty sure my marriage is over. (24M)
Is it normal to run out of things to talk about in a long distance relationship?
Mom (57F) and brother (26M) are unsupportive of me (23F) moving across the country after graduating college and its straining our relationship
How do you deal with this?
How do you women deal in this situation?
Is a book a boring present to give my [21M] girlfriend [19f]?
Anyone have this issue? how do you deal?
How Do I Move on from an Abusive Relationship?
Wondering what people think about my relationship with my long time friend, high school sweetheart.
How do I move on from an Abusive Relationship?
Should I (f25) expose my abusive ex (m24) so he doesn't hurt anybody else ever again?
How do you get along with someone you can't communicate with?
Got advice for how to stop advice?
roommate bought dog without asking me
Trying to get my thoughts clear about a toxic relationship and a creepy coworker?
Advice needed: wedding invite etiquette
The woman (24F) I (23M) have been seeing just told me she's in an open long distance relationship but is very intimate and affectionate towards me. Is she using me?
Wish I could but I can't
Looking for advice: Navigating a tough wedding invite situation.
My (26m) ex gf (22f) when we broke up she threatened to call the cops
roommate bought dog without telling me, am I in the wrong
I [26F] wrote my friend [F24] a letter after not being in touch for a long time. This is how it went.
Getting over a first love
Girlfriend is worried that we are not endgame
Wish I could do it but I can't
My (25 F) friend (25F0)thinks that Covid-19 is the same as the flu and isn't "that bad" and it's driving me insane
Girlfriend is worried that we are not endgame
My (26 F) best friend (25 F) is anti-lockdown and doesn't think covid19 is "that bad". Her inability to see differently is driving me crazy
My [M/25] longtime best friend and housemate [F/29] expressed that she’s in love with me, when I told her that my love for her is familial she had a breakdown and is now trying to blackmail me and a close friend [M/28] of mine
I wrote my friend a letter and we haven’t been communicating in a long time. This is how it went.
She (f, 24) breaks up with me (m, 25) out of nowhere, but gets upset I don't reply her and wants me to continue texting her every day.
I (22f) might want to leave my live-in bf (24m)
online couples counselling for LDR couples
Is it quarantine, or am I unhappy?
Am I a sick person or is my friend everly sensitive?
My (17F) boyfriend (17M) has tons of girls pining after him.. and won't stop telling me!! [NOT MINE]
Am I a "sick" person or is my friend overly sensitive?
Interracial Relationship Problems
I (24M) am worried about our sex life (21F), and I'm not sure if I'm approaching this correctly
Can someone tell me a positive story about relationships after struggling with bad experiences?
How do I (33) as the manager, handle backing the wrong employee and now wanting to go with another’s (25) idea?
I (22F) started dating my friends (22F) former friend (23M) with benefits. Am I in the wrong?
My (17f) boyfriend (17m) has tons of girls pining after him... and won't stop telling me!!! [NOT MINE]
How do I out myself?
Tips on how to do better
I (21F) started dating my friends (21F) former friend (21M) with benefits. Am I in the wrong?
He asked what my nipples looked like?
Can someone please tell me [28,f] a good relationship story?
I (20M) feel pressured to break up with my gf (19F) which feels like a mistake.
I [26F] don’t know whether breaking up with him [29M] is worth it
(F/24) My (M/25) watches tik tok thot videos and it's causing issues
Closest friend (23/M) is engaged to his girlfriend of less than 4 months; wants me to be his best man
Please help me, I have no idea what to do (27m)
Parents Making it Difficult to Be Alone with GF
I [26F] don’t know whether breaking up with him [29M] is worth it
How do I deal with my friend’s boyfriend, that keeps tormenting because I like her? (M21)
I (27M) get enraged whenever I hear about my girlfriend's (29F) friends. They are all multiple time cheaters and I hate them.
How do I get my fiancé to talk to me?
Me [M19] with girl who just wants to stay casual
How to get my Fiancé to talk to me?
Is my wife cheating
(F/24) My (M/25) watches tik tok thot videos and its causing issues
My mother [50F] thinks I [18F] think she's abusive
I have no idea what to do, please give me some guidance. (27M)
Guy (36M) I'd (25F) been seeing for months ghosted. I'm so confused. Should I ask him if everything is okay?
My (18f) boyfriend (19M) of over a year cheated and hid it for months (I live with his family and have no where to go)
Guy (late30s) I'd (mid20sF) been seeing for months ghosted. I'm so confused. Should I ask him if everything is okay?
Guy I'd been seeing for months ghosted. I'm so confused. Should I ask him if everything is okay?
He gave me an ultimatum.. what should I do?
My (18f) boyfriend (19M) of over a year cheated and hid it for months (I live with his family and have no where to go)
How to politely let men know you aren't interested asap?
Boyfriend (26m) swears he tells me (22f) things but he doesn't, and it's causing problems because he thinks I'm ignoring him.
(REPOST) I need advice on saving my relationship with my Best friend
Falling for my (17M) best friend (17F) who happens to be my ex. Hate myself for it, and don't have any clue what to do without losing her friendship
My Boyfriend (20M) broke up with me (20F) seemingly out of nowhere
I (24M) am worried about our sex life (21F), and I’m not sure if I’m approaching this correctly
Trying to work out problems with my (27F) aunt (46/F) and she is ignoring me. What do I do?
I [45 M] an concerned about the well being of my friend [41F] of 5 years.
My (25F) boyfriend (24M) is mad at me because he thinks I accused him of wanting to r*pe me?
The guy I’ve been talking to has coronavirus and it’s a huge turn off for me. Should I keep talking to him?
my [19F] girlfriend wanted to break up temporarily and take some time away from me [21M]
My boyfriend[m/30] won't talk to me [f/28] ever since his friend died.
Do you have any non-sexual code words in your relationship?
I don’t know how to set boundaries with my mom.
how can i (26 f) deal with friend (27 m) wanting more?
My guy friend (21m) randomly sent me (20f) something implying how horny he was.
GUY GHOSTED ME WHO OWES ME 84 DOLLARS A MONTH IN LIFE INSURANCE (HILARIOUS)
Do you have any non-sexual code words?
My guy friend (21m) randomly sent me (20f) something implying how horny he was.
How to let go of regrets..
Do you have any non sexual code words?
How to avoid developing crushes on girls very easily/quickly?
I [24M] was accused by a girl of gaslighting her. Is she correct?
Is it normal that guys tell they girl friends (notice the gap for the friendzone) that he's horny?
Boyfriend [20M] of four years tells me [21F] to workout to make my butt bigger.
How to avoid an old friend that turned violent?
Help with comforting a friend passing away
Mum(46f) flirting? With Ex(28m), me(23f)
My boyfriend has ADHD, can be careless and forgetful and I don't know how to help or what to do. [24 f and 22 m]
My (24 f) boyfriend (22 m) has ADHD and it's hard for me to understand how to help and I'm constantly on edge
My boyfriends ex
I [24M] was accused by a girl [20F] of gaslighting her. Is she correct?
I take time to reply her messages and now she won't answer me
Need help leaving a toxic relationship
I (25f) am married and my ex (25m) is also married. I love my own husband (25m) of 3 years, but I am feeling like I need help getting closure and moving on.
People who made sex tapes and put online with a partner they are no longer together with. How did you handle it when you broke up?
Is it even worth it to tell my FWB that I have feelings for him and is it too soon?
Boyfriend wants me to move in with him, but my parents don't approve.
SO isn't talking to me anymore
I’m stuck
How do I stop regressing into old, bad habits while living with my family who shares similar habits?
Doubting the level of honesty my (f 23) boyfriend (m 25) has with me.
I don’t feel like my bf (29m) is sexually attracted to me (21f)anymore
I (F20) was Abused by my Ex-Boyfriend (M 20) and he said I put him through Trauma
I take time to reply her messages and now she won't message me back
If a girl says “When I’m done I’m done” does that really mean forever?
My (23F) ex-boyfriend (33M) is trying to trap me
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) won’t have sex with me and I don’t know how to raise it with him.
Boyfriend wants me to move in with him, but my parents don't approve.
Been with girlfriend(21F) for two years and I(23M) just found out she’s been wearing a wig this whole time. I don’t like this new hair either. What do I do?!
My (23F) ex-boyfriend (33M) is trying to trap me
Been with girlfriend for two years and just found out she’s been wearing a wig this whole time. I do not like this new hair what do I do?
Bf says he wants to actually put in effort but I’m done trying.
My girlfriend is mad
Am I (28m) being unreasonable towards boyfriend (33m) whole bring sick?
I(f27) swiped "Bridget Jones: The edge of reason" Right Before a Little Girl...
I (25f) am married to my (25m) husband of 3 years. I have an ex (25m) who is also married, and I keep thinking about him and feel like I need closure. What do I do?
I swiped "Bridget Jones: The edge of reason" Right Before a Little Girl...
My girlfriend is mad
I [25f] can't forgive my fiance [29m] of 4 years for his jealousy and controlling issues.
Boyfriend (M19) will not get off Xbox to face time me (F19)
I (19F) gave a bj on the second date (22M) is that too early?
I’m [F22] dealing with intense jealousy with my new Bf [m23] because he dated his best friend [F25]
Is giving a bj on the second date too soon?
Boyfriend won't get off Xbox to facetime me; Am I asking for too much?
I (F 24) fell out with my best friend of 7 years (M 24) as he felt he couldn’t support my mental health. One year on and I still miss his company and feel like a burden knowing I brought him pain. How can I move on from this?
Advice towards wife sensitivity
Any advice?
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and have always been a loser to women (20sF). I'm fat ugly short and poor and still a virgin. I hate my life because women don't like me and all think I'm ugly. Advice please and can I get an honest opinion of my looks please?
Is she cheating on me?
Advice towards wife sensitivity
I [24/M] have never dated anyone, and have no idea where to start
Am I jealous ( 35m ) of my gfs ( 30f ) friends or is it a genuine concern?
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) is pregnant. I got a job offer in London, but if I accept we will be in an LDR (UK - Phillipines) for an unknown amount of time. Any advice on what makes sense?
My [24F] boyfriend [27M] developed unhealthy lifestyle. Possible depression?
I've been interested in her for more than 5 months now - how would you proceed if you were me? [20/M][19/F]
Making plans a month ahead with your date
I’m scared to be alone but, I think my relationship has run it’s course.
Why can’t I see my ex for who they are?
People in long term relationships, if your partner in a moment of weakness cheated (once) on you, would you rather have them confess it to you or not?
Broke up with my boyfriend irrationally and now he won’t talk to me
I have issues with one of my friends who befriended a guy who was flirting and texting with my now wife (then fiancee). What should I do?
Housemates (22F) (early20sF) always wanting me (19M) to run errands when my boyfriend (20M) and I are in town
I’m [19F] having a hard time moving on from the end of a 5 year relationship.
Broke up with my boyfriend without thinking yesterday and now he won’t talk to me.
What do I even do?
My Ex [M24] Left Me Yesterday Because of My [F23] Mental Health
Irrationally broke up with my boyfriend and now completely regretting it. He won’t talk to me.
There will never be a good time to end a long-term relationship. How does one cut all the material, financial, familial ties?
Should I (24F) cut my father (48M) off due to his wife (50F)?
Resolving issues before they escalate, using communication, looks like the key to a long term relationship. But what's the best way to communicate with your partner about any issue? What are the pitfalls to avoid in this process?
I’m stuck in an relationship that I’m too scared to leave
I’m(21F) scared of breaking up with my boyfriend(24M) because I’m scared I will regret it.
I(23m) slept with my girlfriend(26f)’s sister
I (23m) slept with my girlfriend’s (26f) sister
Bumble Girl
Relationship with 7 year friend is on the breakdown but I'm risking splitting high school and college friend groups
I (21F) can't help but feel so jealous of my bf's (25M) former ons
My bf(33) ex gf(29) stating him as a narcissist
Another dream about my ex best friend....
Girlfriend or soon to be ex wants to be friends with benefits or my friend
Should I leave my boyfriend before it gets worse?
How do I (21F) get over the fear of breaking up with my boyfriend(24M)?
Is my (24F) father (48M) a gaslighter or am I an 'ungrateful psycho bitch'?
Girlfriend of 3 years has mental issues that have caused our relationship to become toxic. Im not sure what to do. (25M) (30F)
The girl [21/F] I [20/M] was with kissed another girl [20/F] in front of me and I can’t get over it.
My girlfriend (17) and I (18) have been together for almost 7 months and are having trouble overcoming the past
My ex (20M) and I (20F) matched on Tinder & he messaged me. What does this mean?
I(23m) slept with my girlfriend(26f)’s sister and idk what to tell her
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and have always been a loser to women (20sF). I'm fat ugly short and poor and still a virgin. I hate my life because women don't like me and all think I'm ugly. Advice please and can I get an honest opinion of my looks please?
Boyfriend rarely talks to me
We want different things in life
My (27m) stepbrother (30m) told my wife (25f) a secret that I hid from her for years and now she has left the house and I don't know what to do
I (20F) have been having sex with my female bestfriend (19F) but last night she told me that she does not see me as her bestfriend anymore and i got angry. How do i fix this?
We want different things in life
Why does my girlfriend or soon to be ex wants to be friends with benefits or friends
Should I leave my boyfriend? I'm confused..
I have a terrible habit of interrupting my spouse when they’re talking, any suggestions for getting better at listening?
I (20F) have been having sex with my female bestfriend (19F) but last night she told me that she does not see me as her bestfriend anymore and i got angry. How do i fix this?
My parents ignored me and put rat poison in our yard yard where my cat goes
I’m (15M) not good at communicating and I think it’s taking a toll on my girlfriend (16F).
My (25) girlfriend’s (28F) roommate and best friend (28M) weirds me out.
Mum and ex flirting?
I (20F) have been having sex with my female bestfriend (19F) but last night she told me that she does not see me as her bestfriend anymore and i got angry.
Girlfriends Clumsiness
My [31F] sister [26F] won’t speak to me after I told our parents [50’sMF] my worries about her boyfriend [31M] of two years. What should I do?
How to deal with the uncertainty of the future?
Girlfriends clumsiness
I (32F) want a family and a home together, but boyfriend (35M) is depressed and has no job or money
Thoughts about dating ex bestfriend’s ex?
Family member angry that we didn’t want to take covid-19-tested-toddler to lunch.
My girlfriend (21 F) is insecure about my past and have trust issues and I (20 M) don’t know how to help
My (25) girlfriend (28F) lives with her best friend (28?M), but he creeps me out.
Thoughts about dating ex bestfriend’s ex?
divorcing wife (26F) flaunting social distancing advice with our at risk (4M) son. What can I Do?
Two of my Best friends are getting into a relationship and I'm not sure how I feel.
My friends crazy gf.
Update: on my boyfriend [28M] and I [24F] having deeper/more cultured conversations
Confessing
Confessing
Sex life has drastically reduced between boyfriend (30M) and I (30F), what can I do?
I have anxieties that my (25M) girlfriend (23F) girlfriend is sexually settling for me
Living with gf/bf during pandemic crisis
Living with gf/bf during pandemic crisis
How long should I (22F) wait to have sex with my newly not-platonic friend (22M)?
Not sure where else to post this - have to speak to a transperson about their ID/medical paperwork
My (18M) boyfriend can't communicate with me in any way and I (18F) am so frustrated and feel so alone.
Living with gf/bf during pandemic crisis
I [23F] broke up with my boyfriend [25M] two weeks ago and I dont know if I made the right call.
Wife has taken all feeling from me
My spouse of 13 years is a RAGING alcoholic.
Am I jealous ( 35m ) of my gfs ( 30f ) friends or is it a genuine concern?
Ive lost all respect for my dad
[M/24] feel trapped in my relationship with no way out.
My [23F] boyfriend [25M] has been quarantined separately and i broke up with him two weeks ago.
My [23f] fiancé [26m] takes his anger out on me during sex
I F (24) fell out with my best friend of 7 years M (24) as he felt he couldn’t support my mental health. One year on and I still miss his company and feel like a burden knowing I brought him pain. How can I move on from this?
My stupid ass is falling for someone I used to date, my heart is filled with joy but we agreed that we shouldn't be together. How do I handle this?
Divorcing wife taking our at risk son out and about during the coronavirus pandemic
Opinion on being bored
What makes a person dateable?
I (21F) and partner (22M) have a shared friend (21F) who refuses to respect my boundaries.
Another dream about my ex best friend....
I am (26M) confused about my (23F) ex gf
Coronavirus is ruining my (24f) relationship with friends and family.
I am (26M) confused about my (23F) ex gf
Another dream about my ex best friend....
I (24M) am considering telling my good friend (24F) that I have feelings for her. Is it worth it and how do I go about it.?
Another dream about my ex best friend....
Coronavirus is ruining my (24f) relationship with family and close ones.
Ive all lost respect for my dad
I am (26M) confused about my (23F) ex gf
Did he cheat?
(26M) Confused about my ex gf (23F)
How do I (26M) deal with ex wife (26f) flaunting social distancing with our at risk child to see her "friend"
(26)M confused about my ex gf (23)F
Worried that my [36/F] insecurities in the relationship may scare him [35/M] away.
Confused about my ex gf
How do I (48F) repair my relationship with my daughter (19F)?
Am I wrong for this?
Gift for 6 month anniversary
Should I give a gift to my boyfriend for 6month anniversary
My Wife's Ex
At what point do I call it quits?
How do I (34M) tell my wife (30F) that our marriage is over?
Working wife loves lazy husband
At what point do I call it quits?
How do I (34m) tell my wife (30f) that I don't think our marriage is working.
Me [30M] with my GF [30f], she doesn’t’ like “making out”, only quick kisses/”pecks”
My [29F] Parents are Emotionally Abusive, but if I Walk Away, Their Mental State will Further Deteriorate
Me (F21) and my boyfriend (M21) are having trouble in the quarentine
[19]M I need help on what to do with my GF [20]F
Me (F21) and my boyfriend (M21) are having trouble in the quarentine
Boyfriend admitted he doesn’t like himself
I’m quite young, being a Highschooler. But I just told the girl of my dreams how I felt about her, and she feels the same way! But...
long story !!
I can't take it anymore
How do I (18 M) overcome my mind overthinking my girlfriend’s (17 F) past sexual relationship
I'm [F23] terrified that my husband [M24] will try to leave me and our unborn child.
His emotional outbursts scare me
My boyfriend doesn’t respect my boundaries and I don’t know how to discuss it with him
My (27M) gf (26F) is awful at sex
30(f) dating 22(m) what would you do?
How to deal with toxic parents?
Loss of feelings during quarantine - ways I [M] can rekindle them
How can I[21f] stop being insecure and stop comparing myself to other girls that I think would be my bf's[21m] type?
How do move on?????
I (F18) don't really feel to care about my friends or what happens to them.
How to deal with toxic parents?
How can I[21f] stop being insecure and comparing myself to other girls?
Relationship being distant
Can I be mad that my BF is jacking off to girl’s VSCO instead of just watching “normal” porn?
How do I (18 M) overcome my mind overthinking my girlfriend’s (17 F) past sexual relationship
Brother wants to move in with me in a rural area from NYC because of his anxiety -> Don't feel comfortable but feel as though my brother and mom are trying to manipulate me
How do I move on??????
My boyfriend doesn’t respect my boundaries and I don’t know how to discuss it with him
Girlfriend (19f) of 2 years sees enemies everywhere
Do you care if your boyfriend is bad at making new friends?
Girlfriend sees enemies everywhere
How do I tell my (f30) husband (m36) to lose weight to be healthier and keep attraction?
I (24M) am contemplating telling my good friend(24W) that I have feelings for her. How do I go about it, or is it even worth it..?
My boyfriend was jacking off to VSCO pics of a girl
I’m a 22 year old girl thinking of leaving my boyfriend (25M) because he hasn’t had a job in 2 years and has no motivation to do anything.
Do you care if your boyfriend is bad at making new friends?
my BF cheated on me with my best friend one hour after proposing
Do you care if your boyfriend is bad at making new friends?
How do I (22f) stay positive and deal with losing the love of my life (21m)?
How do I overcome the fact that my mind sometimes overthinks her past sexual relationship
How do I (22f) stay positive and deal with losing the love of my life (21m)?
Husband had two strokes and went crazy
Did my friends lie to me or am I a liar?
I'm [30f] trying to buy a house and my bf [30f] of five years has been stressing me out every single step of the way and objecting to all of my decisions. He doesnt even plan on living there
Not sure what to think
I (F18) genuinely feel no emotion towards my closest friends, or care about their problems
Is it a bad idea if I [25M] messaged someone [23F] on Instagram, even if we're strangers?
My wife says to just use her
I’m (17) emotionally exhausted with my boyfriend (18)
My wife says to just use her
My (24f) boyfriend (23m) gets "hard" very easily, how do I tell him it's okay?
Sick Of My (F/21) Toxic Boyfriend (M/23), How Do I End It?
Accepting a partner’s sexual history
Should I stop being friends with my bestfriend/roommate ?
How do I (M24) navigate long-distance relationship with (22F)?
My (22m) girlfriend (21f) has gotten the opportunity of a lifetime to study her field abroad but won't go if I won't. I'm not sure what to do...
Accepting a partner’s sexual history
Quarantine has given me (M31) too much time to think about my ex (F28)
What should I do about this emotionally draining friendship?
Advice needed
Am I [25F] Unrealistic in Wanting Adventures and Outings In My Relationships?
Am I the bad person?
More personal than relationship issue - me [25 F] with my husband [32 M], thinking of having a kid- gender scare
My husband cheated on me and wants a separation
My long-term partner (27F) is very distant, shows little affection etc. to me (30M)
Quarantine has given me (M31) too much time to think about my ex (F28)
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) is acting really distant lately and I don't know what to do about it. (LDR)
How can I(23F) feel less alone without my best friend(23F)
What do I even do?
(29M)(29F) Boyfriend constantly compares me to his exes.
Quarantine has given me (M31) too much time to think about my ex (F28)
My gf (30F) behaviour is making me (23F) question our relationship
How can I feel less alone without my bestfriend
Should I stop being friends with my bestfriend/roommate?
Friend Tried To Cheat With Me And Lied to His Fiancee About It. Should I Tell Her The Truth?
He’s isolated, I am too, but he still won’t see me.
Trying to be less clingy on my boyfriend?
I want a relationship like my sister and her bf
My boyfriend’s(32m) best friend(27m) died and he hasn’t really acknowledged it.
Should i break up
I want a relationship like my younger sis and her bf
I'll never forget his lips....
My (20FtM) best friend (20M) admitted his feelings for me in his sleep
Me (24M), how to navigate long-distance relationship with (22F)?
Do I want to break up or is it just lockdown?
I just got our of relationship and I'm falling for someone I used to know (Pun intended) That someone doesn't want me and my heart is exploding of joy and sadness. Halp
I (29F) am struggling with not having any alone time away from husband (29M), need advice on how to adjust expectations
Am I [25f] unrealistic in wanting adventures in relationships?
Please can i have advice on family and a relationship? I cant take anymore. (Not putting it in heading so its deletable)
I 30M am Being Cyber Stalked By my 28F Ex.
Me (16M) is trying to cut off my friend (18M) from my life
I [31F] am struggling to cope with my girlfriend [30F] breaking up with me during quarantine.
A friend of mine (20F) suddenly stops writing me (23M)
My (F19) bf (M19) has been hiding a secret from me for two years.
How to navigate a long-distance relationship?
I [F16] just got a text from my boyfriend [M17] that he’s starting to resent the relationship
(M30) not sure what to do with (f31), since I was an asshole.
My boyfriend said that he basically doesn’t see a future with me (17M, 16F)
A friend of mine (20F) suddenly stops writing me (23M)
How do I (17m) move on from my ex (17f)
I think my bf is a sociopath
I consider (M21)yself a Sissy at this point and my G(F21)irlfriend of 5 years seems to be very understanding.
My (F19) boyfriend (M19) has been hiding a secret from me for two years.
How do I (22F) convince my parents to let me sleep in the same bed as my boyfriend (21M)??
My bf has been hiding a secret from me for two years.
Boyfriend (33M) & I (28F) have been together 2&1/2 years, live together, have dogs together, and are moving towards marriage. His parents don't seem to like me. To tiptoe around and deal with their judgmental tendencies for life, or not? That is the question.
I (22F) lost my best friend (26M)
how do you move on?
Am I being unreasonable?
Am I being unreasonable?
Mormon marriage and divorce. I can't get over or forgive myself.
Close Friend Told His Girlfriend I Tried to Cheat with Him. Should I Tell Her The Truth?
How do you handle money matters in a live-in relationship headed towards marriage?
My ex (35m) left me (38f) for another woman after 12years together. He even locked me out the house
He is sending me tiktoks of other women
A question about money matters in a 3 year old relationship?
Her(f21) mother hates me
Mormon marriage and divorce. I can't let her go or forgive myself.
I [27yo M] asked my ex [25 yo F] who dumped me in September for space after she sent me a passive-aggressive text when I didn't text her happy birthday. She freaked out and told me the way I asked was disrespectful and a way to 'put her down.' Thoughts?
My (F24) boyfriend (M28) still has images from his old escort addiction
Significant other [23F] of 3 months lives with her ex-boyfriend, it's starting to bother me [26M]
My [25F] boyfriend [28M] stalks a girl he went to college with every single day.
I (22F) am no longer in love with my partner (23M) of six years. How do I break up?
don't know what to do, need help!!
I (22F) am no longer in love with my long distance partner (23M) of 6 years. How can I break up with her without breaking her heart?
I am 38 (f) and I haven't spoke to my father in almost 10 years. I want to reach out, but I'm scared.
Caught boyfriend cheating, need help dealing with heartbreak
Got back with ex. We both hooked up with people during breakup.
I need help, living in hostile environment, I’m drained
Should I just accept that my bf (M23) is lying to me (F22) about checking out girls online?
My (28f) FWB turned baby’s father (28m) confuses me.
Got back together with ex-boyfriend. How do I get over the fact he hooked up with other people?
My (28f) former FWB turned baby’s father (28m) confuses me.
I [31F] am struggling with my girlfriend [30F] breaking up with me in quarantine.
Am I overreacting or is my [20F] girlfriend [22F] flirting with my bestfriend [21F]?
Am I overreacting or is my [20F] girlfriend [22F] and my best friend flirting?
My (M18) Girlfriend (f17) refuses to stop talking to her ex
Suggestions please?
Should I (M19) pursue a relationship with my crush (19F) even though she has a boyfriend (19-20M)?
Partner Keeps Cheating ,Then Got Caught
I (23m) feel completely excluded from my (22f) girlfriend's life and don't know how to take it.
Would it be cruel to block my [22F] ex [23M] on his birthday?
Should I admit I’m jealous and lacking attention?
would it be weird if i(17F) started talking to this guy(19M)
I'm [31F] really struggling with my girlfriend [30F] breaking up with me during quarantine.
Should I admit I’m jealous and lacking attention?
Should I admit that I’m jealous and lacking attention?
I am 27 and my boyfriend is 28. He never posts photos of us on social media but expects me to post them more often. Help me understand why he does that because his explanation doesn't make sense to me. What should I do?
My [F21] boyfriend [21] doesn’t believe in marriage but I do
Stuck inside with partner whos leaving me
My boyfriend (M 28) never posts photos of us on social media but expects me to post more often. His explanation doesn't make any sense to me. Need help. Help me to understand his psychology.
Need clarity. My boyfriend (28 M) never posts photos of us on social media but he expects me (28 F) to post more often.
Overreacting or is he lying? 26F/28M
My(27/F) partner(22/FTM) is proposing to pay the deposit on our new home alone just in case we don't work out. Is making this move with him considering our fights the last month delusional?
I'm in love. She's on the fence. What do I do?
Need clarity. My boyfriend never posts our photos on social media but expects me to post more often.
My(27/F) partner(22/FTM) is proposing to pay the deposit on our new home alone just in case we don't work out. Is making this move with him considering our fights the last month delusional?
My [19F] girlfriend of 1.5 years and I [20M] live with parents during quarantine. She wants to come hang out constantly while I think we should tone it down a bit because of COVID. Suggestions?
Should I(F20) leave my boyfriend (M20) over this mistake?
would it be weird if i(17F) started talking to this guy(19M)
don't know what to do, need help!!
Do I (32/f) stay with my bf (57/m) of 2 years?
Posing
I'm confused. Are we in love? My perspective. Please help
Dating advice from a (21F)
I (23M) feel so lame compared to my gf (23F)
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) and I have finally set our priorities straight.
My (F21) boyfriend (M24) have set our priorities straight.
Girlfriend and I have ended up like two roomates and I want to change that and she doesn't
Girlfriend and I have ended up like two roomates and I want to change that and she doesn't
Sexy Photos
I (22M French ) feel so lame compared to my gf (22F Norwegian)
How to gain autonomy, when my mother is paying the bills
I[26/M] feel hard pain whenever I see my future wife[36/F] speaks to other males !
I[26/M]Feel hard pain whenever I see my future wife[36/F] speaks to other males !
Caught cheating
How can I (22F) convince my parents to let me sleep in the same bed as my boyfriend (21M)??
Is there a future with a narcissistic man?My Bf of 5 years is obsessed with compliments.
34F and afraid I've lost my chance at love and a family
How did you meet your SO?
Letting go of friends (27F) who ignored my (28F) biggest life milestone
I'm in love with my childhood friend who's ghosting me
Should I cut my father off and leave my sister, despite still being friends with my (ex)step mom?
We felt like it was meant to be but the love still ended
I [f/26] can't do anything right in my relationship [m/28]?
Re-post of Posing For Sketching
Im in love with my childhood friend who's ghosting me
Should I (m25) cut off the girl (23f) I'm seeing cause I don't want to be exclusive and she can't stay away?
[Advice] The Magic Formula!
Me (M 19) and my Gf (F 19) got into a argument and I don't know how to apologize
I (35F) have been sexting a married friend (36M) for the last month
Is possible to be, someday, left by someone you truly love and deeply seems to love you too?
I (35F) have been sexting a married friend (36M) for the last month
I (20/M) went through my gf's (19/F) phone and was confronted about it. What do i do?
Letting go of friends (27F) because they ignored my (28F) biggest milestone
I (M 19) really messed up my relationship with my gf (F 19)
My girlfriend is extremly underconfident and this is hurting me
How did you meet your SO?
My (F, 24) bf (M, 26) wants me to be more open with him when we have sex
My girlfriend [F23] is overwhelming me with Jealousy and childish behaviors. I’m [M25]
Should I (m25) cut off the girl (23f) I'm seeing cause I don't want to be exclusive and she can't stay away?
My (F, 24) bf (M, 26) wants me to be more open with him when we have sex
My girlfriend (21 F) is insecure about my past and have trust issues and I (20 M) don’t know how to help
My boyfriend (31m) is mad at me (23f) for not doing his collage thesis
My girlfriend (21 F) is insecure about my past and have trust issues and I (20 M) don’t know how to help
Best friend (f24) upset over things I (f29) did not say
I (31m) Think it's Time To Check Out on Women
How do I (28F) help my brother (17M) be more realistic about how future?
I'm (23F) talking again with an old friend/fling (23M) but now he left to be with someone else
Dr. Help me with this
Is this strange
Help_team
I[21/F] tend to leave my friends at any party for random strangers
How do I help my brother be more realistic about his future?
(Update) : I'm just not able to get romantic with my husband at all (Me:20F, Husband:25M)
I[21/F] tend to leave my friends at a party for strangers
I[21/F] tend to leave my friends for strangers at a party. How to correct it?
My (38f) fiancé (41m) has tantrums then is very very loving. If I stay mad he says I'm the problem.
I[21/M or F] tend to leave my friends at a party for any stranger. How to correct this behavior?
My girlfriend wants to have tattoos, but I don't want her to have any
I tend to leave my friends for a stranger at a party. Why is it so?
Newly graduated GF [21] procrastinates to ignore her fear of job hunting
Newly graduated GF [21] procrastinates to ignore her fear of job hunting
Does LDR really works?
Does LDR really works?
It's been 6 months and I (20F) still can't get over my first ever serious relationship with my ex (21F)
Can't work out what she wants? Possibly get back together?
I'm (23F) talking again with an old friend/fling (23M) but now he left to be with someone else
Never live in regret
Best friend (F24) upset over things I (F29) did not say
My girlfriend wants to have tattoos but I really hate them
Posing For Sketching
how do y’all get your significant other to come to bed with you?
Flatmates in lockdown have their girlfriend and friend staying without asking or contributing to rent
My FWB (21m) has feelings for me (20f)
Am I [24/F] crazy for telling my boyfriend [21/M] that he has an unhealthy relationship with video games?
Started talking with an ex
Posing For Sketching
Does He like me back !LGBT!
Do beautiful girls stay virgin!? Relationships blow
What to do when my (F23) boyfriend (M25) finds me too clingy despite giving him as much space as possible?
I [30F] am struggling and don't know how to support my husband [25M] after his ex's child was murdered
Partner with commitment issues
Why do so many posts on this subreddit get deleted and/or locked?
I need advice on how to save my relationship with my best friend
I need advice on how to do a big apology for my Best Friend
My (28/F) LDR boyfriend (26/M) doesn’t like to be on his phone and I feel unsatisfied with the relationship
I hate how simplified and ignorant people are when it comes to break-ups and past relationships
Everyone in me [F23] and my SO's [M24] lives is trying to get us to travel to visit them while our state is in lockdown and we are in a relatively hard hit area.
In need of serious relationship
I hate how simplified and ignorant people are when it comes to break-ups and relationships
I hate how simplified and ignorant people are when it comes to break-ups and relationships
Everyone in me [23F] and my SO's [24M] lives is trying to get us to travel to visit them while our state is in lockdown and we are in a hard hit area.
I (M22) feel bad about a past relationship with a girl (F18)
Should I [17F] ask my ex-boyfriend [18M] of five years to prom as friends once distancing requirements are lifted?
Is this manipulative?
I [25F] just started dating [34M] but I don’t feel the spark
Date my best friends crush
[20m] First love - Extreme FOBU case. Am I going to make a mistake?
My [F, 20] partner [M, 24] wrongly accuses me of gaslighting and manipulation, help?
My [F, 20] partner [M, 24] wrongly accuses me of gaslighting and manipulation, help?
Partner who can’t commit
I (M22) feel bad about a past relationship and can't let it go away
I (18F) have been sexually touched (abused?) by my father.
I want to end everything even if Iove him. Did it ever happened to you?
Struggling with BF's constant need for decompression
My (30f) boyfriend (40m) has two children, but their mother hates me.
I have lied to my girlfriend many times and now she thinks I’m a shitty boyfriend but is happy to be civil because we have a 11 month lease.
I fell in love with a friend and I know it won't end well.
I have lied to my girlfriend many times and now she doesn’t like me and thinks I’m a shitty boyfriend
I’m worried about trust within my relationship, and if I’m over reacting.
I have been sexually touched (abused?) by my father.
WIBTA if I gave my bf a "baby ultimatum?
I’m (25F) struggling with intense guilt after dating my roommates (24F) crush (25M) and ending their friendship (LONG)
How do I (20F) tell my boyfriend (23M) that I am in love with him?
We both love each other but she wants me to leave her
My (33M) ex(30F), who is the mother of my firstborn(9M) has been harassing me and my wife since the birth of our disabled child who needed a N.I.C.U visit (for 5 weeks)
Advice for a Toxic person or immature kid
We both love each other but she wants me to leave her
How do I (20f) tell my boyfriend (23m) that I am in love with him?
Advice for an immature kid
We both love each other but she wants me to leave her
How do introverts find love?
My (23M) girlfriend (23F) thinks she’s ugly
Make money so ur date perfect
(Update) : I'm just not able to get romantic with my husband (Me:20F, Husband:25M)
(What) Do I(21M) text her(19F)?
(Update) : I'm just not able to get romantic with my husband (Me:20F, Husband:25M)
Is it a sign we should break up or is it just lockdown?
boyfriend keeps acting weird, should i end things?
(Update) : I'm just not able to get romantic with my husband (Me:20F, Husband:25M)
(Update) : I'm just not able to get romantic with my husband (Me:20F, Husband:25M)
Should I ghost my ex boyfriend who dumped me after 4 years?
(What) Do I(21M) text her(19F)?
Can you solve trust issues with a bad communicator?
Introducing (20m) sexuality into a friendship (21f)
I thought me and my now ex had our special thing, turns out she does it with every guy
How can I (20m) introduce sexuality into a friendship (f)
My boyfriend (21) doesn’t want to live with me anymore (F21)
I thought me and my now ex had our special thing, turns out she does it with every guy.
How can I introduce sexuality to a friendship?
Gift for boyfriend for 6months
Should I give my boyfriend a gift for 6months
SO female friend causes bad physical response when mentioned (M/F 20s)
Should I give my boyfriend a gift
I miss him
Can you solve trust issues in a relationship with a bad communicator?
Dysfunctional male seeks advice with dating a nice girl
I (24/F) have been with my boyfriend (24/M) for six years but I started fancying someone (25/M)at work and I don’t know what to do.
Want a girlfriend just to chat to on Instagram
My [F21] bf [M21] doesn’t believe in marriage
Knowledge & Interactions [M24]
Knowledge & Interactions
Ladies, how do you feel when you see a d*** pic
Best friend of many years ghosted me entirely, and I’m really struggling to make sense of it.
My (F22) father (M45) May have attempted suicide tonight and I’m not sure how to cope
Dysfunctional male seeks relationship advice
I Hate How Competitive I am and it makes me clash with friends, how can I avoid this?
Boyfriend (27) sleeps till 4pm. Is it love?
Boyfriend (27) sleeps till 4pm. Is it love?
Best friend of many years ghosted me entirely, really struggling to make sense of it
I Hate How Competitive I Am With Other People
Me (21/M) and my fiancee (20/F) want to give each other one time hall passes before getting married
I’ve been single for so long I’m not sure I’m even capable of dating.
Confused with no communication.
My (f/24) brother (m/32) threatened my friend with a gun (m/26)
M(26) F(25) Coping with nasty breakup during epidemic in new city
My boyfriend doesn’t make me laugh
M(26) F(24) Separated after 7 Years... Need Advice on Next Steps
My(20m) girlfriend(20f) wants to work in a corona infected workplace
My(20m) girlfriend(20f) wants to work in a corona Infected workplace
my (f/25) brother (m/32) pointed a gun at my friend (m/26)
help me
I (m26) am going trough one of the toughtest times because of losing job amid this corona crisis and my gf(f25) have to face the dilemma of being together or falling apart.
AM I crazy?
Help me
lots of dreams about cheating with my boyfriend’s best friend
My (M16) girlfriend’s (F16) anxiety makes it hard for our relationship to function normally.
I (25F) feel guilty for wanting to still be friends with my ex (37M)
We never had sex (20M) (19F)
I feel crazy
MY BEST FRIEND STARTED DATING THE GUY I WAS HOOKING UP WITH (WHILE WE WERE HOOKING UP)!!!
We never have sex (20M)(19F)
I (25F) feel guilty for wanting to be friends with my ex (37M) because my friends and family hate him
How to help somebody get up over a breakup?
MY BEST FRIEND STARTED DATING THIS GUY I WAS HOOKING UP WITH (WHILE WE WERE HOOKING UP)!!!
Long story short
My (18) dad started monitoring and controlling my WiFi usage again
Boyfriend fell asleep through our date
How to help somebody get over a breakup?
Boyfriend slept through our date.
my (22f) FWB (19m) went from warm and really wanting to get close to me to kinda distant. Should I keep trying or just drop this?
Looking For Advice
No communication every few days! (Please Help)
Losing Hope
My (24 F) boyfriend (28 M) isn't very romantic/passionate.
My(18) dad started controlling/monitoring my wifi again
I’m always the bad guy no matter what it seems
My partner (28M) often ignores me (29F) for days when he’s in his bad moods.
Childish girlfriend
I'm (29 M) extroverted and my SO (24F) is introverted. We handle stress very differently. I like to talk through things, she shuts down and wants to be by herself. I'm worried we might not be compatible.
How do I (28f) get in touch with family members I've never met?
I told my boyfriend(25M) that I wanted to get donuts(21f)
My (35f) sister (37) feels that my dating goals are ridiculous/destined to fail. I feel that they are actually very reasonable. Am I way out in left field here?
My (18m) long distance girlfriend (19F) suicidal and in denial
My (35f) sister (37) feels that my dating goals are ridiculous/destined to fail. I feel that they are actually very reasonable. Am I way out in left field here?
How do I (28f) contact the family I've never known?
I (35F) have been sexting with my married (36M) friend for the last month
I’ve been sexting with a married from for the last month
My(17M) girlfriend(15F) gets sad at night with me
I (M24) feel attracted to my stepsister (F23) and want to ask her out. But...
Girlfriend has low sex drive
My (20F) boyfriend (33M) broke up with me over text at 4am today and blocked me on all platforms. Just wtf???
My (19M) long distance girlfriend (19F) of a year and a half kissed another guy a few months ago and, after being broken up for 3 weeks, I forgave her and we got back together. Today, I found out she slept with two guys while we were broken up
My (19M) long distance girlfriend (19F) of a year and a half kissed another guy a few months ago and, after being broken up for 3 weeks, I forgave her and we got back together. Today, I found out she slept with two guys while we were broken up
How do I (23M) build a friendship at this time with a woman (23F) I 'met' on a dating site?
Was he just trying for sex with me
My (20f) boyfriend (33m) broke up with me over text at 4am today and then blocked me on everything. Wtf??
I'm not important
Feeling that I'm not important
Male 26 my girlfriend 24 might be cheating
My dad used the quarantine to cheat on my mom and she doesn't know it yet
I have a bf but want to be single
How do I(24F) deal with my family members who support a pedophile?
I (22F) was dating my roommate's (19F) best friend (20M) but she's given me an ultimatum: him or her
My girlfriend gets sad at night with me
My(22F) friend (21M) broke up with his girlfriend(17F) of twoish months. How do I console him while letting him know my issue with their relationship?
I (22F) was dating my roommate's (19F) best friend (20M) but she's given me an ultimatum: him or her
I [20M] want to reconnect with a girl that I felt an awesome connection with, but don’t know how to
Girlfriend broke up with me because she’s not happy, needs to work on herself but says I’m not the problem.
My Mom [46] won’t take my [20sF] allergy seriously.
I (22/F) think the girl my ex two-timed me with (20/F) is stalking me
Gaming...Am I the problem?
I’ve had 2 bad relationships. I [24F] feel like I have no closure/ still bothered for no reason. What can I do? What is there to do. Words of advice?
How do I (20F) politely tell my long-winded mother (50F) to leave me alone?
Struggling to accept that my bf loves and cares for me.
My (23f) boyfriend (21) comments on tik tok
I (F27) , boyfriend (M28) says it’s okay for his female friend to text him anytime of the day ?
Mistreated by 2 relationships. I [24F]feel like I have no closure. What now?
My upstairs neighbor is a nightmare and quarantine is just making it worse
Male friend comes across my dating app profile, now acting very distant?
Male friend comes across my dating app profile, now acting very distant?
Should I wait for someone special?
I need opinions! {Quarantine edition}
Jealousy...
Is the guy I'm seeing [24M] gaslighting me [20F] by invalidating my feelings?
This sub only gives validation
Should I wait for someone special?
FWB advice-Help!
Should I go for it right now
Our sex life is, well making me question things.
I (m26) am going trough one of the toughtest times because of losing job amid this corona crisis and my gf(f25) have to face the dilemma of being together or falling apart.
Strained relationship with my mom and sister
Strained relationship with my mom and sister
Am I in love with my best friend (both 24 F)?
We have not talked on the phone. Help.
i actually don’t know if i’ll be able to hug anyone normally after this is over
Am I in love with my best friend?
After my ex (F21) who dumped me 2 months ago broke nc last week...she texted me (M24) again the other night late at night saying "The main character of this book reminds me of you. maybe thats why i cant put it down."...what's her end game..
We both have not talked over the phone
Am I in love with my best fiend
Ex randomly cut off all contact with me almost three months after breaking up with me
Is the guy I'm seeing (24M) gaslighting me (20F) by invalidating my feelings?
My (f17) sister (f29) refuses to believe that she is the problem and my parents (m60 and f56) aren't helping either
My (f17) sister (f29) refuses to believe that she is the problem
Loyalty
Why did you date someone if they’re not your type?
I finally am secure enough to leave my abusive self important addict boyfriend
Is the guy I'm seeing [24M] gaslighting me [20F]?
I can’t tell if my best friend (F14) likes me (F14), or if this is just how she expresses herself.
Why did you date someone if they’re not your type?
Why did you date someone if they’re not your type?
Bf (29) asks me, his gf, (30), if i want a boob job... during sex...3 times....how should i feel?
Me (16M)I am thinking about a girl mad amounts of time it’s mad I have been into her along time
My (26F) good friend (23M) says he needs distance because he has feelings for me. Is our friendship salvageable?
Me (16M)I am thinking about a girl mad amounts of time it’s mad I have been into her along time
Why did you start dating your SO if they weren’t your type?
My bf wont see my family no matter what, what should i do
I [29F] found another girls panties in my boyfriend's [34M] drawer... please help me
How do I [14 NB] break up with my long distance girlfriend [14 F]
He (31) was sexting another woman. I (25) left him, but I’m tempted to give him a second chance.
Me (31) M and my roommate 54 (M)
I found panties at my boyfriends house that weren't mine... please help me
My (41f) husband (42m) wants a sex video of a woman he had an affair with (he's not in the video)
Was he just trying to sleep with me
The guy I'm seeing overreacted to a pretty mundane comment. Is this a red flag?
Me 31 (M) and my roommate (54) M
LDR boyfriend doesn't even TRY to make time for us
LDR boyfriend doesn't even TRY to make time for us. Should I let it go?
LDR boyfriend doesn't even TRY to make time for us.
I've(F 19) made a new guy friend (m 19) should I feel guilty about talking to him more than my boyfriend (m 19)?
SUGAR DADDY: i kept it a secret from S.O. what do i do?
Love or Obsession?
Boyfriend (22M) always starts to doubt our relationship when we aren’t together.
My husband mentally abused me that caused me to be a monster, now I need help to fix myself for our son.
This guy I'm seeing overreacts for the most mundane reasons. Is this a red flag?
My boyfriend [22M] cheated on me [21F]. How to move past this?
ABRAHAM HICKS RELATIONSHIP ❤️ LOVE ❤️[ IT WORKS ] NEW 2020❤️
am i a bad person?
My [M20] Girlfriend [F21] of 2 years just called it quits on our relationship. Heartbroken and not sure how to move forward
My (22F) ex (27M) texted me drunk and rolling and I am concerned.
Coronavirus wedding
Should I be upset?
Is there any point combining birth control pills and pulling out?
I'm 21 and never had a relationship.. I am a woman that want to marry her boyfriend soon.. should I do it?
I'm not sexually attracted to my boyfriend anymore. Help!
I (19M) am struggling as part of a long-term friendship with my friend (22F)
Marriage is something a girl should be scared of? Worst and best experiences...
3 years down the drain, one month ago
just found out my Bf cheated on me and i’m devastated
My bf wont see my family no matter what, what should i do?
I want to get married but I am scared of it. What are your best and worst experiences with marriage.
My 3.5 year partner broke up with me but says she still loves me and I love her (m20/f20) [long]
Tell me if im (m20) wrong for wanting to stop BEING friend with a person i was really close to(f20)
My boyfriends insecurities
Smooth breakup.
I(24M) think I am about to break up for the first time in my life with me current gf (21F) of 3 years
I (19m) can't talk to my boyfriend (19m) about any of my interests unless he also shares them
I(24M) think I am about to break up for the first time in life with my current gf(21F) of 3 years
Confused why Guy[21M] I had a thing with still talks about me [21F]. Thoughts please?
I love him but I want to end everything
How do you feel about your S/O developing emotionally close bonds (similar to what you have with each other) with other people?
Quarantined & overthinking: is it worth calling out my breadcrumber from a different state?
Advice: Boyfriend broke up with me, throwing me out of his house and blocking me on everything because I took a joke too far.
32F - I think i’m in love and i’m scared as shit
My Manipulative Ex
Help me understand...why are people like this (and is it worth trying to change)?
HELP
My brother is having mental issues and I told my mom
Bestfriend [30F] started lying to everyone about her dating life for no reason
Living with my (22F) sister (19F) is taking a toll on me
My (31F) boyfriend’s best friend’s GF (28F) doesn’t want to be my friend
Fiance wants a sugar daddy.
Best friend started lying to everyone about her dating life for no reason
Still can't get over ex.
I [f/21] am feeling insecure about weight loss comments made by my SO [m/42]
Was I too harsh towards my cousin?
I [f/21] am feeling insecure about weight loss comments made by my SO [m/45]
Feeling insecure about weight loss comments made by SO
My ex (20M) and I (20F) matched on Tinder. What does this mean?
My (f/21) bf (m/21) called my sister fat.
Camgirl girlfriend (28F) indulges callers kinks but not mine (37M)
My boyfriend says he doesn’t have to say I love you
I'm (23F) talking again with an old friend/fling (23M) but now he left to be with someone else
My (31F) boyfriend’s best friend’s GF (28F) has no interest in being my friend?
I [30M, recovering addict] temporarily living with my parents [70M, 65F], am constantly accused of using drugs or being high. I've been clean for several years.
Fear of receiving (gifts, acts of service, etc.)?
Im (m18) scared of getting into a new relationship
GF is a cam girl and dresses up for work but not for me.
Fear of receiving (gifts, acts of service, etc.)?
Girlfriend (28F) lied to(30M) me about texting her ex.
Tgyvyvyvyv
My bf said he doesn’t have to say he loves me
Girlfriend (27F) thats pregnant suddenly broke up with me (29M)
I [30M, recovering addict] living with my parents [70M, 65F] due to covid, am constantly accused of using drugs or being high. I've been clean for several years.
Should I cut off my felon father completely despite being friends with ex-step-wife?
Bestie (F33) is ghosting me?
Fear of receiving (gifts, acts of love, etc.)?
I [24F] feel like my boyfriend [25M] doesn't give me his undivided attention often except when we're having sex
A girl I used to love years ago admitted she has feelings for me now, but I'm in a long term relationship currently
I (20M) am worried about breaking up with my girlfriend (20F) and don't know where to begin.
A girl I used to love years ago admitted she has feelings for me now, but I'm in a long term relationship currently
Not sure if I [m] [16] should breakup with my girlfriend [f] [16] of six months
A girl I used to love years ago admitted she has feelings for me, but now I'm in a long term relationship
I feel like my (21F) bf (23M) is creating unnecessary problems about the future or just doesn’t want to be with me
Don't be afraid of love
MIL and FIL say we punish them
Not sure if I should breakup with my girlfriend
I (18F) got into a bad fight with my dad (50M) and I feel trapped in my own room
Me(21M) and my girlfriend(21F) exchange pics a lot but she sends me old pictures?
I (18M) have a SERIOUS crush on my English teacher(27F)
Not sure if I should breakup with my girlfriend (6 months)
My bf is not sexual
I (18M) have a SERIOUS crush on my English teacher (27F)
tl:dr I want to rekindle my relationship with enstranged family members but don't know what to do.
My [30f] boyfriend [27m] always takes the best of everything.
My girlfriend will send me pictures that are old and idk what to think?
I want to rekindle my relationship with estranged family members but don't know what to do.
My bf grabbed my throat during sex and it scared me
Am I being too sensitive?
Getting revenge instead of leaving??
Went through phone and found bf onlyfans account subscribed to ex. I want to marry my bf but I’m hurt. Please help
Suggestions for living situation
Is it fair to not have to pay utilities if you are not there for a month? Having roommate issues
How can you tell?
Is it fair to not have to pay utilities if you are not there for a month? Roommate troubles
Bestie is ghosting me? 🙁
My partner (24m) said he feels like a loser for waiting around for me (21f)
My (36M) long-term BF and I (28F) seemingly only sometimes compatible in the bedroom. Looking for advice.
Should I (F, 18) find out whether my ex (M, 19) is leaving the country or not?
I (25M) have anxieties that my GF (23F) is sexually settling for me
My (20F) roommate makes fun of my (21F) eating habits and it really upsets me.
Went through phone and found bf onlyfans account subscribed to ex. I want to marry my bf but I’m hurt. Please help
Roommates against paying utilites at apartment
Why? confused...
My boyfriend [29/M] wants to wait to propose to me [29/F] after 8 years
I can't get over the suspicion that my girlfriend is lying to me
Will future boyfriends judge me for my past?
Boyfriend (23m) insinuated that I (20f) will get more guys if I’m thinner
I have a bad relationship with mother
Will my future boyfriends judge me for my past?
I [24M] have been talking to this girl [22F] I met online for a month. She asked my height, I told her and she has basically stopped talking to me. What should I do?
26M Never a girlfriend or been kissed and have always been a loser to women (20sF). I'm fat ugly short and poor and still a virgin. I hate my life because women don't like me and all think I'm ugly.
Will my future boyfriends judge me for my past?
Went through phone and found his onlyfans account with his ex. I want to marry my bf but I’m hurt. Please help
My [30f] boyfriend [27m] always takes the best of everything.
Boyfriend (29) hasn't proposed after 8 years and wants to "wait until we are our best selves"
My boyfriend always takes the best of everything.
Am I Just Too Sensitive?
Why? I'm confused...
I (26M) would really appreciate any advice on how to deal with a break up when last week we were planning our wedding.
I can't get over the suspicion that my girlfriend is lying to me
I [24M] have been talking to this girl [22F] online for a month. She asked my height, when I replied she has effectively stopped talking to me. What should I do?
Will future boyfriends judge me for my last?
I (26M) would really appreciate any advice on how to deal with a break up in quarantine when last week we were planning our wedding.
(M26) My ex (F26) has started stalking me on Instagram
How can I (29f) convey a boundary to my partner (31m) that seems silly even to me?
Doubting myself [23M] and my relationship [22F]
parents are super controlling
I have a bad relationship with mother
(M26) My ex (F26) has started stalking me on Instagram
parents are too controlling
I [30M, recovering addict] living with my parents [70M, 65F] due to covid, am constantly accused of using drugs or being high. I've been clean for several years.
Girl(18f) im(20m) dating uploads light dresses tiktoks and sometimes "sexual" dances, is that okay?
Living with my (22F) sister (19) is taking a toll on me
A former friend (23M) contacted me after hearing I'm (24F) engaged and it's confused me
(30 F) I’m feeling really depressed and lonely during quarantine and my boyfriend that I live with (30 M) has no desire to spend time with me.
I (21M) am struggling with GF’s (21F) sexting another man
I’m (21m) struggling with GF (21F) of four years sexting and having an affair for two months.
I 16m don’t know how to deal with my cheating father
Doubting myself [23M] and my relationship [22F]
What can we 33F and 35M do for our neighbor 60s M whose daughter was just killed by a drunk driver?
I’m The Other Woman {Affair???}
Is my ex boyfriend (M26) trying to make me (23F) jealous?
I [30M, recovering addict] living with my parents [70M, 65F] due to covid, am constantly accused of using drugs or being high. I've been clean for several years.
A former friend(22M) reached out after finding out I'm getting married and I (24F) don't know what to do
(M18) "nice guy" gets rejected repeatedly, anxiety and self esteem issues
My crush/friend/coworker (30M) gave me (25F) the "can I ask you something" talk... AHHHH! 😫❤🤐
I [16m] don’t know how to deal with feelings toward my cheating father[40s?]
Apologize even when you’re not wrong?
Me [28F] starting to have a problem with my BF [25M] and his social drinking.
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants or wanted something more?
My (19M) Father wants to kick me out because I left Islam and I really don't know what to do now! Please help.
My [23/M] parents [55/M] [53/F] are trying to hold me back from living my life.
My [17M] sister’s friend [24F] is mad at me after we hooked up because she thought I was older
What does it all mean? I’m going insane (27F / 30M)
I just broke up with my long distance GF 2 days ago and I NEED HELP :(
Nimesh Kumar wished my baby's death
I just broke up with my long distance GF 2 days ago and I NEED HELP :(
My [21F] bf [26M] says I want to cheat on him because I want to lose weight?
My bf of 2 years ghosted me.
I [27]M am a huge pervert. Even though been in relationship for 7years
4 months live-in
(Update) My dad (43M) doesn't support me (14F)
How Do We Avoid "Friends" We Don't Click With?
Hanging out
My (19M) father is threatening me to kick me out because I left Islam.. I’m losing my mind over this!
My (17m) mom (40f) is treating me really harshly
Friend is in an abusive relationship
Is my ex boyfriend (M26) trying to make me jealous (F23)?
[27M] I hate her and miss her at the same time and I don't know what to do
Is my ex boyfriend trying to make me jealous?
[27m] I hate her and I miss her at the same time and I don't know what to do
I (M24) have issues with one of my friends (M30) who befriended a guy (M25) who was flirting and texting with my wife(F24). What should I do?
FWB (42M) refuses to deal with me (20f) when i point out his flaws
I’m not sure if my(24m) family was abusive towards me when I was a teen.
Is happiness real? The most mundane post you’ll ever read.
My dad wants to make up for not financially supporting me growing up.
how to help my friend (20f) stuck in an abusive home?
I’m not sure if my family was abusive to me when I was a teenager [24m]
Question for y’all...
My friend with depression (28F) - how do I know a sign of something going to happen?
I (23f) don’t know how to be around my (26m) boyfriend anymore
totally lost my libido since quarantine??
I (23f) don’t know how to be around by (26m) boyfriend anymore
totally lost my libido during quarantine??
SO mother permanently bans me from her family...
totally lost my libido during quarantine???
My mother doesn’t understand me
Bf (19M) mad at me (19F) and blocked me on every possible platform
Me (f24) being my father's (m60) caregiver is killing me.
I’m in love with my ex and I don’t know what to do.
My boyfriend does this with texting and it annoys me.
My [20F] boyfriend’s [25M] accent changes depending on what we watch on tv and it’s annoying me?
I think my (26M) girlfriend (23F) is settling for me sexually and I don't know how I should handle it
My boyfriends accent changes depending on what we watch on tv.....
Was my Ex 23M Manipulative?
How do I tell my boyfriend I lost trust in him?
My boyfriends accent changes depending on what we watch on tv.......
My brother (29) has mental problems that manifest in enraged tantrums. I (24F) told my parents (62) that I just don't about his welfare if he isn't willing to cooperate with treatment.
Should i get involved in a long distance relationship or should I just cut it off before i fall in deeper
My father (58M) passed away earlier this year. How do I (27F) handle Mother's Day for my mom (54F)?
My boyfriend does this with texting. Am i right to be annoyed about it?
My mother doesn’t understand me
Were My 23M Ex Actions Manipulative Towards me 21F?
This guy (24m) flirts with me (24f) but ignored me when I said I thought he was cute(8 months)
New Boyfriend asked what I would do if I woke up to him sliding it in me....
I [24F] recently got back together with my ex [22M] and am having trouble adjusting to some changes in our new relationship. How do I respect his space and boundaries and become a better partner without missing the way things were?
Ex-girlfriend broke up with be because she's not over her ex
I don’t know what to do anymore
I lost trust in my boyfriend of 8 months?? He’s 30yo, I’m 24
I (20M) really need a delivery job but I need to convince my dad (52M) first.
I (22f) have issues with my boyfriend touching me.
While I (28m) was making me girlfriend (28f) a scrapbook for my engagement surprise I found her ex's nudes and clips of them together.
Cant stop thinking about my partner's ex
I need to be patient but I am finding it difficult
Toxic bf
I (22f) have issues with my boyfriend touching me.
How do I stop thinking about my bf's ex?
My (19m) Communication With Bf (19m) Has Suffered Since My Mental Health Tanked During Quarantine.
How do I come to terms with the realisation that I was the unhealthy one in a relationship?
Lesbian (29F) in a relationship sending pictures to me (22M)
I [24F] recently got back together with my ex [22M] and am having trouble adjusting to some changes in our new relationship
I’m in love with my best friend
I can’t trust my boyfriend of 8 months
Toxic bf
I (22f) feel very uncomfortable during sex when my boyfriend (32m) touches me down there, because I think I was raped
I feel like I’m overthinking it, was he [M/21] just trying to hookup with me [F/21]?
Toxic bf
Depressed Boyfriend (M20) has really bad relationship anxiety
My (25F) estranged ex (25F) ghosted her mother, and I've been dragged into the middle.
My (19m) Communication With My Boyfriend (19m) Has Tanked With My Mental Health In Quarantine
Anyone else?
My boyfriend [26M] and [26F] doesn't plan for the future. Should I end things?
My [17F] and my Boyfriend [18M] Have Different Paths in Life
My [17F] Boyfriend [18M] Have Different Paths in Life
My Fiancee
My Boyfriend is Always Playing Video Games
Ex-boyfriend (23M) breaks up to work on himself, I (22F) find him on Tinder the next day.
Im in love with my best friend
Ex-boyfriend (23M) breaks up to work on himself, I (22F) find him on Tinder the next day.
My Boyfriend Just Plays Video Games
I (21F) want more in my current friend with benefits (20M) situation
Girl (23f) who my (21f) boyfriend (23f) used to be “in love with” now has feelings for him.
I (25F) Threatened a Student Staff Member with a Sore Throat
Boyfriend and I Have Different Paths in Life
I [35m] reconnected with a crush [36f] from 15 years ago during lockdown. How do I keep building towards a relationship during Covid?
so thinks im a golddigger - how do I get him to trust me?
My [26F] boyfriend [26M] doesn't plan for the future. I do. Are we incompatible? Or am I overreacting?
SO thinks I'm a golddigger - how do I get him to trust me?
Boyfriends mom is straining our relationship and my sanity
My [26F] boyfriend [26M] doesn't plan for the future. I do. Are we incompatible?
Boyfriends mother is greatly straining our relationship (and my sanity)
My Fiancee
Am I selfish or does no more sexting with my gf mean something is wrong?
My (19F) SO (20M) and I have different political ideas and it’s never bothered me until now.
is this a form of abuse or stuff that 'normally' happens in relationships?
I [19M] feel I can't be a relationship because I'm too focused on sex
I want to ask bf to pull away from a longtime female best friend who’s shown interest.
BF (30m) posts comments on woman's photos
I (23F) am fed up with my partners (21M) behavior, and I’m not sure what to do because we have children together.
Was this a form of emotional abuse, or just normal fights that happen in relationships?
I [35m] reconnected with a crush [36f] from 15 years ago during lockdown. How do I keep building towards a relationship during Covid?
Dad keeps showing up at our flat uninvited. I have no privacy. His declining mental health taking its toll on my psyche
My mom (55) and sister (26) have a very close relationship. How do I (22) not feel hurt by this?
Was this a form of emotional abuse?
Am I just being really insecure with my relationship? And if I am how do I deal with it?
My boyfriend takes advantage of me
I [M21] am falling for my FWB [F20]. We’re quarantined in different states and I’m not sure whether I want— or if the timing is right for— a relationship.
I got sick with COVID-19 and in the process likely ruined my relationship. TW: Self harm
When it comes to unhealthy attractions, how come we get infatuated with someone who plays into our childhood trauma without even knowing them properly first?
Do you befriend somebody just because you can gain something from them ?
Father appearing our flat uninvited. Mental health declining
BF (33m) comments on Reddit NSFW Photos
Am I just being really insecure with my relationship? And if I am how do I deal with it?
I got sick with COVID-19 and in the process likely ruined my relationship. TW: Self harm
Stepmom (62) and I (19) Have Rocky Relationship, Don't Know How to Progress.
How can I [25M] get a co-worker I hate [26F] out of my head?
The difference between relationships and close friendships
My (21F) grandma died and my bf (25M) hasn’t been there for me
My bfs mom might be jealous of me?
(19F) Trying to break away from my conservative parents
This is how I am...... Sorry
Have I been gaslighted?
Should I [22F] break up with my boyfriend [26M] for being bad in bed?
My [26F] boyfriend [26M] doesn't plan for the future. I do. Are we too fundamentally different?
Have I been gaslighted?
Have I been gaslighted?
Should I break up with my boyfriend for being shit in bed?
Boyfriend (18) jerks off to other girls, not sure how I (17) feel about it
My ( 23F) boyfriend (24M) of 1 year found out something and is mad at me. What should I do?
My (17) girlfriend (16) constantly makes fun of me for being a "pussy"
Boyfriend jerks off to other girls, not sure how I feel about it.
My ex (20M) and I (20F) matched on Tinder. What does this mean?
I'm(26M) living with my girlfriend(24F), proving more work than previously assumed, constant fighting
Dealing with a toxic egotistical friend?
quarantine
I (21f) still "punish" my family for abuse I suffered as a child. Is this wrong?
Stepdad used my name as reference for loan and they won't stop calling
I (26F) have been attracted to other men
My boyfriend takes advantage of me and I’m ways you wouldn’t except
I [29F] am conflicted about a new relationship with [28M]
I (26F) have been fantasizing about other men
I’m [18F] forced choosing between my ex and a new guy
Am I in the wrong for wanting to cut all communications from my now EX because she cheated on me?
My (23m) girlfriend (20f) of one year is jealous of the attention I give to her dog?
I [29F] am conflicted about a new relationship [28M]
Am I in the wrong for wanting to cut all communications from my now EX because she cheated on me?
Coronavirus ruining my relationship
Can you build the trust back?
Coronavirus lockdown bringing out the worst in my relationship
I (M14) "broke up" with my friend (M14) because of a mobile game
cheating dream
I (29M) do not know why my girlfriend of 1-year (29F) is so secretive
I [27F] don't know if/how to tell my not-quite-boyfriend [26M] not to move across the world to be with me.
I need him to “obsess” over me and give him a taste of his own medicine
I (24F) am moving in with my boyfriend (25M) in August. What logistical issues can we expect, and how can we head them off?
I (M14) "broke up" with my friend (M14) because of a mobile game.
Sex Marriage Essay? Conclusion For Argumentative Essay
The spark is fading all due to my childhood sexual abuse
I need him to “obsess” over me and give him a taste of his own medicine
My (23m) Gf (23f) upset that I would rather work at my parent's house than stay with her
My (17) girlfriend (16) constantly makes fun of me for being a "pussy"
No longer my best friend
Really need advice on this. I really love her but to me this is a red flag.
My [21M] ex [30M] left me feeling down
I (28m) keep being tempted to cheat on my partner (24f) because I want some excitement.
I 23F am trying to end a FWB relationship what is the best way?
I 32m like an opinion about whether my behavior is abusive or not.
I’ve been seeing her for 5 months, I want to make it official but she doesn’t.
How do you handle uncomfortable silences?
"friend" or fake friend?
Met someone on tinder but I scared to tell my parents about it let alone how we met, advice what to do?
I 32m like an opinion about whether my behavior is abusive or not.
I downloaded reddit just to receive advice on this . Please help me out.
My [21M] ex [30M] has left me feeling down
No longer my best friend
Rejection
After a fight this morning, my mom doesn't want to talk with me [26/F]
Should I really get into relationship
Roommate (33M) is driving me (33/F) nuts... am I overreacting?
My gf(F26) broke up with me some time ago, blames me(M26) for everything but i wasnt the one who changed. I focused on myself after i gave up on getting her back and im seen as the bad one. How do i deal with this?
My (F24) boyfriend (21) favorited a post that made me feel uncomfortable, am I being too sensitive?
Perfect Relationship but fights get too much
How do you handle uncomfortable silences?
I met someone on tinder but I don’t wanna tell my parents that what should I say as far as how we met?
Someone I reconnected with (f31) asked me to be her boyfriend (m27), but the topic of sex makes me depressed. Are relationships simple not for me?
Roommate (33M) is driving me nuts; am I (33F) overreacting?
Personality affecting my relationships
My (21F) mom (56F) is dead-set I’m defending pedophilia.
My (F22) Fiance (M28) constantly helps out and tip toes around his mom(51) and I don't know if my frustration is reasonable.
I [F19] want to know, guys who ghost why do you do it?
Couples who got back together after a breakup, share your story!
Couples who got back together after breaking up, share your story
How do you know your relationship is gone for good?
boyfriend (22m) told me he would live happily with our without me (21f)
he told me “i can live happily with or without you”
While I[28\m] was making me girlfriend[28\f] a scrapbook for my engagement surprise I found her ex's nuodes and clips of them together.
My (21F) Boyfriend (23M) is bi and warned me to “watch him” around men
My(21F) mom (56F) is dead set on defending pedophilia.
How do I (23F) talk to my boyfriend (25M) about how I'm extremely concerned by his eating habits?
I (27f) want to move forward with getting married/starting a family but my boyfriend (27m) doesn’t seem ready anytime soon
How do you know your relationship is gone for good?
My (30f) husband (28m) won't stop talking about programming or using programming metaphors to talk about everything and it is driving me insane
My (F24) boyfriend (21) favorited something on twitter that concerned me
My sister doesn't take responsibility of her own kids
My husband (24M) wants to wait 1-3 years to start trying for a baby, while I (23F) want to start trying much sooner. I'm worried about resentment buildup.
My ex-gf [21F] cheated on me [20M], tried to flip the script on me that I had cheated, and then broke up with me right as soon as quarantine started.
How do I respond?
How do I respond?
I [F19] wanna know why you, guys who ghost, do it?
protocol for receiving muffins?
protocol for receiving muffins
I (27f) want to get married and start a family soon and my boyfriend (27m) doesn’t seem ready
Hmmm.. are some people are unhappy because they want their significant other to feel a certain way? When really you can’t force feelings on your part or theirs. Feelings are feelings. Nobody is responsible for them. Or are they?
What is an appropriate age gap?
I (24F) Feel Like an ATM to my Husband (26m)
I Feel Like an ATM
Coworker [3?F] tells other people I'm [26F] a nazi, I AM NOT, what to do?
I Feel Like an ATM
I’m in love with a guy who doesn’t love himself
Is my boyfriend toxic? Or am I being dramatic or sensitive?
I [20F] have to see my ex [21M] of 3 years everyday at work, I need help.
I WROTE HER A SONG
Cycle of Empty Promises from Girlfriend
Breakups & social medias: the new normal in 2020?
While I[28m] was making me girlfriend[28f] a scrapbook for my engagement surprise I found her ex's nudes and clips of them together.
Me [28F] have been missing my first love for years and after meeting up my feelings are even stronger...
Me [28F] missing first love out of nowhere?
What am I doing wrong. Am I being dramatic? Is my boyfriend TOXIC?
I (M,22) caught feelings for my best friend/fwb(F,22), and it’s affecting my mental health.
Perfect Relationship? except when Fights escalate
My boyfriend (23M) told me (20F) his body count today and it really bothers me
How much together time are couple's spending during quarantine?
I asked my bf for alone time and he told me to pack my stuff and leave for good.
Girl Ive been talking to from Hinge is much hotter than I realized... And I feel like I'm not good enough due to her being out of my league
Why is my best friend so cold hearted?
I (32f) love him (32m) and want the best for him, but I am sacrificing the life I want so he can be happy...
Breakups & social medias: the new normal in 2020?
I (24F) always think about breaking up with my SO (24M) every time we argue. That’s not normal right?
Wife (32f) is constantly some sort of ill or in pain and I (30m) am just out of sympathy. What do?
Am I wrong for denying my bf sex and how can I fix this?
Why is my best friend so cold-hearted?
My boyfriend (23M) told me (20F) his body count today and it really bothers me
is it normal for an 18 year old (F) college student to date a 23 year old (M)?
My [23F] grandma [92] passed away yesterday
is it normal for an 18 year old college student to date a 23 year old?
I (25F) matched with a coworker (25M) on Tinder I’m interested in.... help
How do I(24m) get my fiance(23f) to get herself some help with her worsening drinking problem.
Is marrying a divorced woman with kids an indicator of low self esteem or lack of self respect or what?
Too harsh?
Too harsh?
Am I wrong for denying my bf sex and what can I do to make things better?
I [23F] have been dating a guy [24M] for 2 months now. He's giving me mixed signals and I'm not sure how to proceed.
Too harsh? Or nah?
At what point do you consider a relationship 'forced'?
My mom [63f] wanted to do me [37m] a favour by buying a few stocks for me, set up as as an rrsp account.However, she gives me almost a daily update on how they're doing, or keeps asking if I have money to contribute. My thoughts are: RRSP's are to be watched, but "from afar."
I [29 F] am being accused at work of falsifying time, but every attempt to address it and have it verified is being shot down.
Why would he give me all these details, is he playing with my head and self esteem?
My husband accuses me of believing in third eye and now he’s telling me I’m crazy and he doesn’t wanna be with someone who believes in crazy shit.
Am I in the wrong for telling my wife she’s not attractive as before?
Heya !! Me[f20] and him [20m] kinda confused , can someone help?
Want to improve my (20NB) relationship with short-tempered ADHD father (late 50's) but not sure how??
Probably weird question, but do you believe in tarot, witchcraft, love spells and that kind of things?
I (24f) am jealous of my boyfriend (22m) and his sister (20f), and I feel ashamed because of it
I ruined everything but started to feel I don’t deserve it
Thinking about making a move with help from Exback coach? Or no go?
My (29F) long distanced girlfriend (25F) is bad with finances. When is it time to call it quits?
Women love complaining online about how terrible men are. But show them a mirror about how they make poor choices, and they’ll attack you like you burned their house down.
Is marrying a divorced woman with kids an indicator of low self esteem or lack of self respect or what?
Girlfriend kissing other girls...
I told my crush I like him twice, the first time subconsciously. Now what?
(18M) What's a good way for men to meet women
(M18) What's a good way for men to meet women?
Kinda confuse...Can someone help me?
My ex (M 21) and I (F 23) broke up briefly in the beginning of February and got back together shortly after. Since then, I have caught him in multiple lies. We are done, but how do I move on?
My (29F) long distanced girlfriend (25F) is bad with finances. When is it time to call it quits?
Relationship
Sex while I was blackout drunk
My ex (M 21) and I (F 23) broke up briefly in the beginning of February and got back together shortly after. Since then, I have caught him in multiple lies. We are done, but how do I move on?
Sister and boyfriend vibezzz
Why are relationships hard?
Am I overthinking or is my boyfriend losing interest
Looking for a real relationship
Girlfriend hides her phone and pulled it away from me when i wanted to see it.
Moving on or making a move (with help of a dating coach)
Me (F17) and my bf (M16) are thinking about breaking up, but aren't sure
Is he moving too fast?
My son (7m) called me (30 f) a slut. How do I discipline?
Update: My Husband Abruptly Left
I 21 (M) love my bestfriend (24M) but he’s in a relationship. (F)
Update: My husband abruptly left
My boyfriends mom might be jealous of me???
I (21M) love my best-friend (24M) but he’s in a relationship.
M 22 gfs 25 looking to show my gf to another guy on kik and chat
I 24(m) think that my girlfriend 24(f) is possibly being selfish.
Days from making a move or moving on
It’s okay to walk away and focus on yourself.
Girlfriend kissing other girls...
Pandemic research
Advice Near the End
F (m 32) refuses to appreciate me (f 29).
Is it possible to fall back in love?
Advice for being in a relationship with someone who has a child
I (25F) pressured my husband (25M) into marriage and I'm wondering what this means for our future
Is he moving too fast?
Advice near the End
I think my old friends are making fun of me. Should I confront them?
Near the End Advice
What to buy my 18 year old best friend (F) to cheer her up?
I [30M] found my girlfriend’s [29F] spreadsheet tracking our entire relationship
Long term relationship advice needed!!
I think my old friends are making fun of me. Should I confront them?
I'm laying awake in his bed thinking about who he might be cheating with
My (46f) husband (49m) plays Call of Duty out loud on his phone all day and I can’t get him to stop
Long term relationship help
My (46f) husband (49m) plays Call of Duty at full volume all day on his phone and refuses to turn it down
Unintentional Revenge on my Ex
HELP! Should we stay together for the kids?
I [30M] found my girlfriend’s [29F] spreadsheet of our entire relationship
Are all relationships like this?
My Girlfriend (18F) of two years broke up with me (17M) today
My (21M) boyfriend (29M) smashed my phone ans I don't know if I should ask for a clarification or just let it go
is he (22m) a jerk or am i (21f) too sensitive?
Please HELP! Should we stay together for the kids??
My Girlfriend (18F) Broke Up With Me (17M)
My best friend lied to me but I’m ready to forgive her
My [21M] Ex/Child’s Mom [22F] of 4 years has moved on pretty quick I’m lost need help answers.
How can I save this old friendship?
When a man has lipstick on his face
My (27 male) gf's (25 female) predictive text pops up another man's name after typing " I love you so much"
My [22M] Dad [55M] is telling me that taking notes while I read is stupid? Is it really?
My boyfriend has no ambition
three years ago, i (f15) cheated on my boyfriend (m18) and i wanna part with the guilt
Is my dad abusive or is this normal?
Am I (23F) being naive about the future with my boyfriend (35M)?
i (f15) cheated on my ex (m18) three years ago and i want to part with the guilt
My bf won’t stop going on dating apps
Forever engaged?
I, [36m] have a mother that offered to buy me some stocks for an rrsp, but now makes it a point to update me almost daily. How to approach telling her that I don’t appreciate the daily updates.
Forever engaged?
Girl frown
Forever engaged?
Girl friends
Forever engaged
my bestfriends stabbed me in the back
My girlfriend (22F) dumped me (26M), I don't think I will find love again
My bf(m,25) seems to be fine with my friendship with my bestfriend(f,21) but thinks I(f,21) should keep some distance from her
Should I (27m) be concerned that my gf (27f) looks up her ex on social media?
I'm not sure how I (19F) can approach my boyfriend (19M) when he makes a joke I don't really like.
How do I (25F) eat well when my parents (67m/f) don’t?
My friend [18F] is in a toxic relationship
big tldr: am i a cheating sociopath?
am i a cheating sociopath?
I’m [18F] stuck between two people and extremely lost
I (22F) found out a guy I know (30M) has a secret Fetlife profile and is likely cheating on his live-in girlfriend (31F) of almost 2 years
Since i asked my crush to be my gf, i don t understand anything..
am i a cheating sociopath?
I’m [18F] stuck between my ex and a new guy
am i a cheating sociopath?
I am not ready to marry now.
Advice on bf gaming
'Best friend' calls me a traitor becuz I visit her sister for ordered crafted safety masks, and calls me selfish bcuz I don't attend the game day with her family
My roommate keeps turning up the heat in our apartment even though she knows I can't afford it
Should I end any kind of rations with this used-to-be best friend of mine?
My (30f) fiancé (27m) screams when we have a large argument.
My (31f) roommates (31m, 31f) are biphobic but also two of my best friends
Is it a big deal if you both want kids but do not agree on the number of kids?
(25F)(29M) Boyfriend doesn’t call me a pet name I enjoy..... but he called his ex it all the time.
It’s okay to walk away from somebody if you aren’t happy.
Me F[32] in love with M[32]
Me 32[F] in love with M[32]
(22F) housemate has crush on me (20F) and it’s affecting our friendship
I (26F) think my boyfriend (30M) thinks that I cheated on him and got pregnant by another man since I got pregnant and no condoms broke? (4 years together)
Me F[32] in love with a M[32]
My Girlfriend (f23) is never positive and complains a lot. Me (m23)
My girlfriend is moving back in with homophobic parents, how can I help?
Today is my birthday
My girfriend (f23) is sad most of the time and complains a lot. Me (m23)
I [Now 21 M] Indirectly cheated of the love of my life [20 F]...Need help on cleansing, re-building trust, and moving forward to a bright future together.
Dealing with unhealthy crushes.....
Men, do you ever just lie awake at night and think about your relationship?
How do I deal with a friend that can’t be happy for me?
My girlfriend is moving back in with her homophobic parents, how can I help?
Husband (32M) accuses me (27f) of being “jealous” every time I see him DM’ing an Instagram model or ex
Im pregnant My partner cheated on me a few years ago and his mom will most likely invite the girl and her family to family vacations etc.
Men of reddit, do you ever lie awake late at night and just think about your relationships?
What's the line between communicating and being needy?
How do i deal with a friend that can’t be happy for me?
I [Now 21 M] Indirectly cheated of the love of my life [20 F]...Need help on cleansing, re-building trust, and moving forward to a bright future together.
Spouse being people-pleasing is affecting me negatively
I'm laying awake in his bed thinking about who he's cheating with
My (23F) fiancé (24M) has ADHD and it’s causing blowout fights
My(14M) parents are getting divorced and I'm scared.
I (30m) moved out of our house after living with my partner (37f) after 5 years for space and she slept with another guy
I (30m) moved out of our house after living with my partner (37f) after 5 years for space and she slept with another guy
I'm constantly having to listen to my Mom yelling at Dad.
My [32] boyfriend [36] says he is more comfortable sharing thoughts and feelings with Facebook friends than with me?
My boyfriend (17m) of three years hasn’t spoken to me (18f) in four whole days. What should I do now?
I (27f) read my boyfriend’s (29m) post history. 9 months ago, he posted about his girlfriend cheating on him.
I feel like my [25F] boyfriend [24F] is too close with his best (girl)friend [24F)
I (27f) read my boyfriend’s (29m) post history. 9 months ago, he posted about his girlfriend cheating on him.
I feel like my [25F] boyfriend [24F] is too close with his best (girl)friend [24F)
House is going crazy.
The Strangest Thing Men Desire. (And how it can make him crazy for you.)
Heart broken
Different types of Indian cultural weddings
Is my friend (29/m) a sociopath?
I just need to talk to somebody about a relationship
How do you know the line between teasing and abusiveness?
Is it possible that this muslim guy(21) likes me (21f/ non-muslim)?
Have a weird craving for older women
I am in love with a boy and I messed it up
My husband (m25) is mad at me (f23) for not letting him use the gift that he gave me
Anyone just looking to chat? 23m
My BF jerks off to girls he knows
I (f/18) feel out of place in my boyfriends life (f/19)
MIL interactions with daughter have me concerned
Love 😍
Today, My Fiance broke up with me because I made a bad mistake
My bf jerks off to girls he knows
Dating the perfect guy actually sucks
He says he loves me but ghost me
My girlfriend (21 F) is really insecure and have trust issues and I (20 M) don’t know how to help
Does my bf still want me?
Every relationship, romantic or just friends, has fallen apart.
My bf told me I’m asexual!?
I (17F) met a guy (28M) online and he says he wants me to go to his country behind my parents’ back.
My girlfriend (21 F) is really insecure and have trust issues and I (20 M) don’t know how to help
Finally understanding boyfriend more
My bf told me I’m asexual?
Is my bf still into me?
Did you feel they were the one before any commitment?
Does my (F20) boyfriend (M20) past porn habit make him a bad person?
Bored of partner in quarantine?
Best friend 32F ghosted me 34F after contracting COVID
Christain & Muslim Marriage!
My bf jerks off to girls he knows
Getting over her sleeping with another guy
Was he [M/21] just trying for sex with me [F/21]? It’s driving me crazy
Should i cutt off my parents
Found out my bf (20) was using Tinder and talking to other girls on Snapchat so i started talking to my ex. But now i feel bad abouty it. Is it right?
How to help SO get over fear of loving, and fear of losing me
I [23M] am having a hard time understanding myself and my feelings for my GF [21F]
How to deal with SO who has a constant fear of losing you
Should I stop all contact with my parents
I feel like I’m running a business and my girlfriend is stealing from the till, not being loyal
I (M,22) caught feelings for my FWB (F,22), I feel like it’s catching up to my mental health.
My boyfriend (24M) thinks it’s okay to see his therapist (34F) outside of session hours - I (25F) disagree
Asking the guys: Would you enter a FWB relationship where you don’t find the other person hot/sexy?
My mother has been bad mouthing my gf
I (20) got a message from an estranged sibling (18) and don’t know if I should reply or how to do it
I feel like everytime me (31F ) and my boyfriend (30M) argues, we are gonna breakup
Im kinda curious if people are chill with hearing about their s/o’s ex
I feel like dying
Is there a way to brace yourself for being cheated on?
How do I start a relationship with someone
Heart broken
Me [25/F] with my husband [27/M]; previously cheated. --- **tl;dr**: Is there a way to brace yourself for being cheated on?
My (18m) girlfriend’s (19f) best friend (18f) confessed her feelings for my girlfriend!
How do I start a relationship with someone
Is There a Way to Prepare for Being Cheated On?
I (29F) am angry about my boyfriend's (30M) attitude about my pubic hair
Boyfriend (23m) is mad at me (23f) and won’t talk about it
Trying to make sense of a long-distance love interest (F25) who faded on me (M29). Where did I mess up?
I [22F]have reason to believe that my boyfriend [27M] is cheating on me
My sister [55F] walked out on her husband [56M] simply because she was 'bored' of him, yet my nephew [24M] has always fully sided with her
Trying to make sense of a long-distance love interest (F25) who faded on me (M29). Where did I mess up?
being in a relationship with a social butterfly (19M) is making me (19F) feel like a loser
My (20m) boyfriend likes and followed other girls
Will it be called cheating? Any views on what to do?
I’[m31] quite shocked about my girl[f38]riend’s gift on my birthday
(M30) How long is healthy/normal to still long for my last SO (F28).? It's like, dude I'm married.
Why do guys like to spit on girls during sex?
Should I try to talk to my homeless sister?
being in a relationship with a social butterfly (19M) is making me (19F) feel like a loser
So I (33M) have been hanging out with my wife's (32F) friend who lives in our apartment complex. Last night we were playing games together and then hooked up. Unsure what to from here.
What do you think about my birthday gift? [M31,F38]
Why do guys like to spit on girls during sex?
[M31] Your thoughts on my birthday gift from my G[F38] are highly appreciated
My [21M] Ex/Child’s Mom [22F] of 4 years has moved on pretty quick I’m lost need help answers.
Rollercoaster relationship
My boyfriend (23M) and I (21F) are struggling with communicating. I feel like he doesn’t take my opinion seriously at times and brushes off my concerns.
How do I [22M] help my Crush [23F] through a breakup?
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants
How long is healthy, to still long for your last SO.? ..It's like, dude I'm married now.
Girlfriend got me an air fryer for my birthday.. your thoughts plz
Will my younger brother ever forgive me? We are starving.I dont know wat to do.Food pantry ran out of food.I wanna call child services to take him away. It hurts me
With the virus, it’s like the whole world is stacked up against my lover and I (and so many others)
I sometimes feel resentment and jealousy. How do I fix this?
[M31, F38] my birthday Gift! Your thoughts redditors, vol. 1
Idk if I love her or not
[M31] my Girl[F38]riend of 3 years, got me an air fryer as my birthday gift.. what do you think?
I sometimes feel resentment toward my bf. How do I fix this?
My bf gets mad because I don't accept his compliments
How do I(24m) make my ex-GF(23f) to stop contacting me
I feel that my existence in her life is going to be too decisive on her future, and I fear that I may end up ruining her life.
M[21] trying to get over a toxic relationship
Should I (M 16) tell my friends (F 16) who I like (F 16)
Open Relationship
How to get my (24m) ex gf (23f) to leave me alone.
I got a message from an estranged sibling (18) but don’t know if or how I (20) should respond
What do I do about the problem in my friend group?
Should I wholeheartedly dump my relations with my used-to-be best friend?
My(22F) boyfriend(27M) denies things even though I have solid proof
CAUGHT MY (20sF) HUSBAND (50sM) FUCKING OUR CHICKEN AND HE SAID ALIENS MADE HIM DO IT
How could I move on?
My ex Gf cheated on me but I still love her, why?
A decade long heartache
I (20F) got my heart shattered by my ex (19F) 2 years ago and I can’t get over it. I don’t know what to do.
Relationship help
Moving on
How could I move on?
Moving on
How do I get over my crush on my female bestfriend?
I (22F) am in love with my friends (22F) (21M) who are also dating each other.
Is it wrong of me (18 M) to be worried about my gf (18 F) when she goes out sometimes?
I’m (f23) thinking of cutting ties with my beat friend (f26)
My (f/21) bf (m/21) runs and hides every time something is wrong or he feels emotional.
I love my mom but she is contagiously neurotic. How do I communicate with her effectively?
Is it wrong of me (18 M) to be worried about my gf (18 F) when she goes out sometimes?
I (20F) got my heart shattered by my ex (19F) 2 years ago and I can’t get over it
I (22F) am in love with two of my best friends (22F) (21M) who are dating each other
I’m scared of emotionally available men
Me [32M] with new [29F] been going out 3 months,officially steady since 3 weeks,having anxiety issues
What should I (F24) put in my bf's (30M) care package?
Does anyone ever “get” you completely?
What should I include in my bf's care package?
covid is making video games steal my bf
My (13m) step-mom (42f) and Dad (43m) were bad-mouthing my mom.
Porn for men in relationships
I (13m) found my step-mom (42f) and dad (43m) were bad-mouthing my mom (40f)
Fat means ugly, I guess. (23F)
Society has taught me to be scared of emotionally available men
I found my step-mom and dad had-mouthing my mom.
Why won't my [19M] girlfriend [21F] have sex with me? Normal to be frustrated?
Fat (23F) means ugly, I guess.
the impacts of covid19s
¿Qué hago en este caso?
My [23F] ex [25M] has gone straight to the girl he always told me not to worry about following our break up. I’m so hurt
Should I lend all my money to my girlfriend from overseas $1000 for her college expenses?
¿Qué hago en este caso?
Can High School Relationships sustain?(18M and 18F)
Was he [M/21] just trying to hookup with me [F/21] or something more
I [29/f] feel like I want more quality time with my boyfriend [33/m], but I don't know if I'm expecting too much.
Finding love in Corona (a better love story than Twilight)
.
Is it wrong to feel dirty after being intimate with my boyfriend after finding out he texted another girl when we were taking a break?
My boyfriend is moving across the country, I'm falling apart
my mom doesn’t care about my career anymore, hurting our relationship (19F)?
Boyfriend is moving across the country
We're about to graduate and my (24f) bf (22m) of 3 years just told me he wants to be a solo indie game developer instead of pursuing a programming career, despite never finishing a game. How do I approach this discussion?
I(22M) can't forgive my brother's(29M) long-term girlfriend(29F)
My (33F) husband (32M) wants a divorce because I won’t peg him
My bf (21m) of 3yrs acts different, I'm (19m)
I don't really know what's happening with my relationship, I just need advice. My bf (21m) of 3years acts different. I'm (19f)
I(22M) can't forgive my brother's(29M) long-term girlfriend(29F)
My gf is mad at me because we never “talk” we watch shows together, play games together but she keeps complaining about talking. Since were in quarantine I have absolutely nothing to talk about we spend all day together so what’s there to talk about?? I’m 20M and she’s 21F together a year
I'm a trash person
Still single at 18?
Am I a white man’s wh*re??
I texted my ex girlfriend after 5 months (voluntarily)
My GF(20) spends a lot of time on tiktok filming and watching it. Myself M(19) find is cringey and sometimes bothersome.
I (19m) left my ex girlfriend (19f) of 3 years because I believe she was being controlling and toxic. How do I move past this? What do I do now?
How do I (28 M) get a (22 F) Fwb to leave
My GF (20) enjoys making tiktoks and spends a lot of time of the app. I M(19) find it cringey and sometimes annoying.
Ex (19M) tried to kill himself after we broke up
How do I properly info the new person I am dating about my trauma before they make their decision?
Need an advice, help.
how to make a college relationship last through the summer and covid-19
Needy girlfriend?
How to make a college relationship last through the summer
My (21F) bf(21M) is all about breaking stereotypes forcing men to hide emotions, but brushes off any of my feelings as a girl thing
how to make a college relationship last over the summer
Relationship advice? I’m a needy gf
I [20f] asked my [24m] crush out (kinda?)
I fell in love with my gf’s best friend, what should I do?
Bff faked dad’s death after my dad died.
Trying to forgive my partner but finding it difficuly
Need an advice, help.
Friend faked father’s death to bond with me.
Should I (19F) talk about my relationship anxieties with my boyfriend (22M)?
What would you do if you found out your boyfriend dated his ex again for like four months during your relationship and she left him and you find this out a year later when your relationship is at its best?
Dealing with ex's influence
People living with parents constantly arguing - how do you cope with the tension?
Had it going really good with this girl, then I dropped something that made her break it off. She won’t tell me why.
I want to catfish my ex
Guy who’s afraid to be associated with me
Had it going really good with this girl, then I dropped something that made her break it off. She won’t tell me why.
I fell in love with my gf’s best friend, what should I do?
How do you eat well when your parents don’t?
I (31 F) need help setting boundaries with an acquaintance
Returning gifts to your ex?
Bf(23) shaved his head, now i'm not attracted (F21)
I [22M] woke up to my Mom yelling at my girlfriend [22F]
How do I (21) deal with boyfriend’s (20m) sister (22) who doesn’t like me?
Advice needed: am I too broken to be dating?
I (19f) am considering cutting off my parents once I'm able to be fully independent.
Girlfriend extremely emotional on period
Ex boyfriend (27M) told me (23F) he may have cancer
Girlfriend extremely emotional on period
How do I (21f) deal with boyfriend’s (20m) sister (22) who doesn’t like me?
Advice needed: am I too broken to be dating someone?
Found condoms in husband’s vintage car
My (19 F) boyfriend (20 M) of 4 years broke up with me out of nowhere and I am struggling to move on
Found condoms in husband’s vintage car
Trying to be friends with my ex because he’s my bestie.
BORING partner
Girl (21F) i (22M) like says she prefers to be alone
Girl (21F) I (22M) like says she prefers to be alone
Bf shaved his head, not attracted anymore
My (23F) mother (50F) refuses to remove my sister's (20F) ex-girlfriend (20F) from our household.
Girl (21F) I (22M) like says she prefers to be alone
I finally understand why I’m not my bf’s top priority but how do I come in terms with it??
Am I (F/23) wrong to feel uncomfortable with my partner (M/34) and his dogs ?
Being friends with my ex while they are friends with the person they cheated on me with
Advice: Am I (28F) overreacting to how much time my bf (27M) is spending with his ex?
Girl (21F) i’m (22m) seeing says she prefers to be alone
My girlfriend [26F] is getting very emotional during this quarantine. And I'm [25M] getting drained by it.
Would it be strange to send Mother’s Day cards/gifts to my (27F) boyfriend’s (34M) mother and sisters?
Why is she giving me mixed signals after telling me she lost feelings?
So I (19m) had left my ex girlfriend (19f) because I believe she was being toxic to me.
Girl i like said she prefers being alone
Forgive or forget?
My ex boyfriend texted me today, told me he might have cancer
Forgive or forget?
I feel a connection to a guy I treated poorly 5 years ago and want to contact him again
How do I (M28) get my FWB (F22) to leave?
Family member convincing me with money to get rid of my motorcycle.
My mother (50F) refuses to remove my sister's emotionally abusive ex from our household.
Need to settle something stupid. Any feedback is appreciated. (F28) and (M25)
How do I (M28) get my FWB (F22) to leave
What to do when you run out of things to talk about?
How do I (m28) get my fwb (f22) to leave.
I (28F) don't know if I'm overreacting about BF (27M)'s behavior with ex.
My GF's (28F) friends talk shit about me (28M) behind my back, and my GF thinks it's my fault, and I should go out of my way to make them like me...
I feel a connection to a guy I treated poorly 5 years ago and want to contact him again
I (30f) am having trouble figuring out his (40m) intentions?
Coping with the "missing" years in a relationship, advice
As a laid-back introvert, how can I deal with intense people better?
My friend and her toxic gf started a secret lesbian influencer account and idk how to feel
I think I'm a lesbian
Is this emotional cheating? I [21F] looked through my BF’s [21M] phone
My (24f) boyfriend (22m) of 3 years through college just decided he no longer wants a stable programming job and wants to be an indie game developer full time, despite never finishing a game... would be so appreciative on perspectives from gamers and others!
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]
My (f28) husband (m25) and I have different opinions on hobbies
GF (F20) of two years broke up with me because I downloaded Tinder (F21)
Social Distancing-- Am I a Hypocrite ??
I want my boyfriend to acknowledge that we’re in an interracial relationship
How did your relationship with newly SOBER SO change?
Social Distancing-- Am I a Hypocrite ??
Gf sexual past
My ex (20F) broke up with me (21M) but keeps texting me.
Relationship Advice
My friend and her toxic gf started a secret lesbian influencer account and idk how to feel
Friendship on the rocks
Me (18M) dont know what (18f) wants out of a relationship
How to talk to a mentally unstable stinky roommate?
I'm a feminine woman that just came out as...
Taking time off uni, what decision to make regarding relationship - me(21F) & him(22M)
how did your relationship with your SO change after sobriety?
Is it weird that I (24,F) feel sad and not included by husband's (25,M) family?
I [28F] don't know how I feel about my friend [28F]
Is it normal that I feel sad that my husband's family don't make me feel included?
When an old flame comes back into your life and there’s nothing you can really do about it..?
How to support a boyfriend who recently ended a long, abusive relationship?
Need to settle something stupid, all feedback is appreciated. (F28) and (M25)
I (18f) found out about my (18f) friend's dad leaving her and don't know how to be there for her?
Me (18M) heartbroken over (18F) and dont know what she wants out of our relationship
Me (18M) is heartbroken over (18F) and I dont know what to do :(
How to support my boyfriend after a long, mentally abusive relationship?
I 18M do not understand why going through my 18F phone is so horrendous to others?
My friend (32f) and I (31m) have developed a strange relationship I don't understand. Would anyone be able to offer their opinion?
Can’t get over ex gf that dumped me
My (31m) friend (32f) and I have a weird relationship. Interested to hear other's opinions?
all I want is a normal family or to get out of here
AITA for hooking up with a tinder match while in town visiting my polyamorous girlfriend?
AITA for hooking up with a tinder match while in town visiting my polyamorous girlfriend?
Why do people think going through their SOs phone is bad?
Am I handling this correctly?
I (33M) met my girlfriends (29F) parents for the first time and got on well with them. She didn't seem to like it.
How can I stop being shy around my love?
She has no respect for me at all
Me 37/M and my gf 32/F. She gets a little too obsessed when it comes to the coronavirus and our shopping. I take all the precautions, but she feels the need to give me grief and insult me when I return.
Am I handling this correctly?
I(female 19) feel like my boyfriends(male 19)friends are changing him. What do I do?
Asking a mobile number be like
Asking mobile number to a girl be like.
My husband refuses to see I’ve changed or he resents me too much to care.
I (M 25) am getting incredibly impatient with my girlfriend's (24 F) behavior towards me and am unsure what to do.
Don't answer while she's online in another social media, is that a signal of boring or just don't want to talk
Confused Feelings Over Friends Engagement
Struggling with emotionally detaching myself (21f) from my best friend during her toxic relationship (22f)
How do I effectively discuss things that are bothering me?
My(28) girlfriend(25) is suicidally depressed and won’t see accept help
I (19M) screwed up by taking my girlfriend (22F) to a party.
I DO NOT want my divorced parents [36F][45M] to get back together
Abusive family member re-integrating in family
What do I do if I don't like my boyfriends new friends?
My (30sM) teenage son (15M) is becoming codependent with his ex-gf. I finally set down restrictions. Is it the right way to go?
I think my girlfriend just get bored of me or I'm becoming crazy
I (17f) found out my father (48M) is a terrible person and I don't want to see him anymore. how do I handle this? TW ABUSE
Boyfriend (26m) blew up on me for not allowing his friends over.
Am I wrong to feel uncomfortable with my partner and his dog?
My (25f) boyfriend (26m) blew up on me because I told him he could not have a friend over.
My(25) girlfriend(24) is suicidally depressed and won’t see a therapist
Mom’s mother is dying, not sure how to feel...
Contacting an ex - covid19
Contacting an ex - covid 19
I (M23) can’t stop fantasising about cheating on my girlfriend (F22)
I (18f) found out about my (18f) friend's dad leaving her and don't know how to be there for her
She left me because she realized she doesn’t love me as deeply as she thought. How do you interpret that and how do I cope?
2x drunk British
Complicated friendship with my teacher
Gfs Dad Is A Miserable Ass - Am I In The Wrong?
Confused Feelings Over Friends Engagement
I can’t stop fantasising about cheating on my GF
Help!!! I (19f) don’t know how to handle my relationship with my mother
Complicated friendship with my teacher
My girlfriend's [23] mum has died unexpectedly. How do I [25, F] support her through this?
Still in love with my ex, but I have a new boyfriend
I’m (28F) questioning future compatibility with long term partner (28M) who is an essential worker right now.
My girlfriend's [23] mum has died unexpectedly. How do I [25, F] support her through this?
Girlfriends Dad is a miserable ass - am I in the wrong?
Corona helped me confirmed if my gf is the one
My (23f) bf (22m) has told me he no longer loved me.
I [19m] 'objectified' a hookup [20f] and a friend [19f] thinks I'm a sexist. How do I convince her I'm not?
Help Talking to Partner with Increasingly Controlling OCD?
My [21F] bf [29M] was going to buy nudes from his best friend of a girl they used to know.
Help!!! I (19F) don’t know how to handle my relationship with my mother
My(25) girlfriend(25) is suicidally depressed and won’t see a therapist
Do I love her?
Do I love her?
Should I (20F) just give up on relationships for a while? Got cheated on twice, fear of getting cheated on again.
Any advice for a long distance relationship ?
Perception is reality, is my reputation at stake or am I overthinking?
Is it time to end it all?
My girlfriend (20F) thinks that I (20M) say misogynistic/sexist/gross things when I don’t mean that at all.
Should I (20F) just give up on relationships for a while? Got cheated on twice, fear of getting cheated on again.
Any advice for a long distance relationship ?
Any advice for a long distance relationship ?
My (F28) husband (M45) hates my mom and it is causing problems. Am I getting upset over nothing? Hoping for some perspective.
My girlfriend (20F) thinks that I (20M) say/mean misogynistic or sexist things when I don’t.
How should I (26M) reply to my coworker (26F) I had a crush on given that I'm in a relationship?
Ex-Girlfriend got my name tattooed on her after 2 months of being broken up
Any tips for a long distance relationship ?
Ex-Girlfriend got my name tattooed on her neck
My husband will never see that I’ve changed or it doesn’t matter to him.
My friend(23) is pissed I(20) that I called into say my final good byes.
My aunt is dying, so I called to say my last good-byes. My best friend is infuriated that I called into work.
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants
Ex just admitted he fell out of love
Says he doesn’t like constant communication. Should I text him?
Am I asking for too much when it comes to wanting affection?
I got my first kiss from my best friend and now i feel guilty.
I don't want to forgive my parents, but I kinda feel guilty about it atm
I got my first kiss from my crush/best friend and now i feel guilty
Should I (23F) stop playing hard to get with my depressed best friend(21M) Update #3: Getting an apology.
Guy (24m) Im (22f) seeing likes every girls pics except mine
My (22F) coworker (22F) has made me question my career path.
I (26F) cheated on my husband (26M) and confessed. But I feel like I still didn’t make the right decision
My coworker has made me question my career path.
How do I get back to normal after our first fight?
I (32F) want to change a written agreement with my ex-husband(29M) to get my children back early
Is this a good way for me [22 M] to meet someone?
I (M17) think my girlfriend (17) is a psychopath/sociopath
Help Talking to Partner with Increasingly Controlling OCD?
How can I make my boyfriend understand the difference of an apology?
I (m17) think my girlfriend (17) is a psychopath
My brother (23M) bullied me (22M) for being autistic when we were younger and I refuse to accept his apology
Denver people?
TROUBLED AND LOST, MY FTM PARTNER CONFIRMED HE HAS KINKS WITH MEN AND WANTS TO EXPLORE. HELP ME!
Does it baffle you how easily your partner can forget about every good memory you had together and ruin a relationship because of one argument?
My wife is not doing enough to get back her fitness and its straining our sex life
I (25F) don’t know how to tell my boyfriend (23M) just how bad my mental health is.
My wife is not doing enough to get back her fitness and its straining our sex life
My wife is not doing enough to get back her fitness and its straining our sex life
Does it baffle you how easily your partner forgets about all your good memories and ruins a possibly great future togethet because of one bad instance?
UPDATE: My (42F) husband (39M) has been unemployed for 3+ years and I'm at the end of my rope
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants or wanted something more
Is my close friend [26F] a chronic humblebragger or am I [26F] just envious?
I [25M] am a pretty social and friendly person, but I’m not brave enough to approach, text or interact with women I don’t previously know, especially on social networks. I don’t know how others do it and it’s killing me...
Is this a weird way for me [m 21] to try to reconnect with a crush [f19]?
Me (M27) with girlfriend (F23) and not sure if I'm happy with the relationship or not.
Is this considered cheating?
Am i over thinking this....?
What do I do
What should I do
I don’t know how to deal with my parents
Should I (28M) ghost the coworker (28F) I had a crush on given that I'm in a relationship?
My Fiance.
Hooked up with my ex
UPDATE ON: My [26M] Girlfriend [26F] refuses to talk to me until I apologise for playing on the PS4 with my group of friends all day, although even admitting that this never happens and it was a one off due to everyone being online.
Trying to Get Over Him! NEED HELP
I don’t know how to deal with my parents
moving too fast?? have i found my soulmate?
Is this considered cheating?
Hello My friends! Tom Green is singleeeeeeee!
My girlfriend (22F) and me (23M) are getting into fights a lot after we gone studying abroad
I [30F] received a pelvic exam from my doctor [40sF] and it was weird...and she was ungloved? This can’t be normal, right?
My girlfriend (22F) and me (23M) are getting into fights a lot after we gone studying abroad
I [19M] am constantly being disrespected by my brother [23M], and I think he crossed the line especially today
How do I tell my friend (23F) that I (27F) can’t be in her wedding anymore?
My (F 25) boyfriend (M 28) told me that he wanted me to loose weight. I'm not sure whether to stay or leave at this point.
My(F26) boyfriend(M32) of 1,5 year lied to me about being previously married and having a child.
I [19M] am constantly being disrespected by my brother [23M], and I think he crossed the line especially today
I [30F] received a pelvic exam from my doctor [40sF] and it was weird...and she was ungloved? This can’t be normal, right?
Checking in on my (f25) friend (m29) without prying?
Getting it off my chest finally
Getting it off my chest finally
Boyfriend wanted me to loose weight at the beginning of relationship. It's making me want to leave.
Asking After a Private Person Without Prying
I (17M) feel like I am not enough for someone. Is there a way to stop thinking this way?
I (17M) feel like I'm not enough. How do I stop this thinking?
I can’t handle my friend’s constant whining and requests for advice
(M21) should i tell her (f19) about past gf?
Am I wrong for fooling around with my Ex when I told my boyfriend nothing would happen.
(M21)Need advice if i should tell her(f19) about past girlfriend.
I need some help
Boyfriend and I are fighting over whether or not his son should be able get close to new baby
My (33M) girlfriend (28F) recently broke up with me I want to get back together.
Sure, your first relationship is great, but no one ever wants to talk about your first break up.
TLTR: Am I not a good enough girlfriend to make my boyfriend happy?
I can’t take my friend cons
Is this guy (M/28) kind of a jerk? Or am I (F/27) just hurting/confused?
Boyfriend’s severe video game addiction destroying our relationship
Is this guy kind of a jerk? Or am I just hurting/confused?
I (32F) get annoyed when husband (38M) asks if he can help vs just doing whatever needs done. How do I fix this?
Im actually happy!
What to do?
I (32, F) get annoyed when husband (38,M) asks me if I need help vs just pitching in. How do I fix this?
Meow
My (25F) fiancé’s (24M) sleep schedule is driving me crazy. Am I overreacting?
People who got married due to a surprise pregnancy, how did it go?
How do you define relationship?
I (27/F) honestly don't care about my dad (50+/M)
Advice?
Undocumented boyfriend, no way forward
Advice?
Is it rude or controlling of me(21M) to ask my girlfriend(22F) to not swear so much around my parents?
Evolved enough for a relationship?
I fooled around with my Ex when I told my boyfriend I would not
I love my [28M] girlfriend [28F] but I don’t know if she’s “the one” and it’s giving me anxiety
I (25F) am being driven insane by my fiancé’s (24M) sleep schedule. Am I overreacting?
I love my [28M] girlfriend [28F] but I don’t know if she’s “the one” and it’s giving me anxiety
How do I (23M) deal with seeing my Ex (25F) and the guy she cheated on me with’s (28M) cars parked next to mine every day.
My ex (22F) and I (24M) recently broke up, and I'm just now realizing how hurt I actually am. And I just want to ask, was I emotionally abused?
If I’m financially dependent with a long term goal, am I as hopeless as I fear I am?
Quarantine bae may have HSV 1
My family's dynamic is messed up
Coworker (20F) very bubbly/flirty in person but not engaged in texting? Wasting my (23M) time?
I (19f) need to tell my parents about how I’ve been suicidal and messed up because of a relationship I had with a man (46m) when I was 15.
Love my(21F) boyfriend's(21M) family more than I love him
I (19f) don’t know how to tell my parents about how I’ve been suicidal for the past two years partly because of an affair I had with a man (46m) when I was 15?
ARE YOU CONFUSED WITH YOUR RELATIONSHIP? WATCH THIS WITH ME!
relationship -watch!
Girlfriend of 2 yrs broke up with me
my roommate (26f) makes a lot of rude comments to/about me (27f) but theyre subtle enough that i dont know how to call them out.
I reached an ultimatum btw gf and friend who posted inappropriate jokes online
Relationship advice needed?
Will taking a break make him love me again?
I (26M) debate timing flirting with dating app match (26F) longer we're quarantined
How do I(28M) ask my gf(33F) to walk more softly while in my apartment without hurting her feelings?
How do I(28M) ask my gf(33F) to walk more softly in my apartment without making her self conscious?
Did I do the right thing?
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text=Be sure to explain in detail with line breaks. --- **tl;dr**: Mandatory summary/question!
The Coronavirus is making me realize that my marriage might be crumbling apart
Hosts facing a loss- how to behave while in their house
I think my Ex-boyfriend was kinda sexist.
Realizing my ex-boyfriend was kinda sexist
Ever had an Extremely Toxic Relationship that Scarred your adulthood? Cut that bitch off.
Love Fest!
Did I do the right thing?
I reached an ultimatum between GF and a friend who has made inappropriate jokes online in the past with me
My best friend and cousin have made me feel left out. Should I feel this way?
My (34 F) husband (37 M) and I have very different ideas when it comes to punishing our son. Help?
Hosts facing a loss- make myself scarce?
When the world lacked efficiency and technology it had people with strong efforts, now we have technology and efficiency in our hands and people lack effort.
What to get my boyfriends mom for birthday?
Would you tell your friend if you want to end the friendship?
What to get my boyfriends mom for her birthday?
My best friend and cousin have made me feel left out. Should I even feel bad?
My boyfriend says im ruining his birthday
Afraid my [24M] girlfriend [24F] will cheat on me in long distance relationship
Scolded for doing my nephew’s hair?
Would you tell them if you are to end the friendship?
Am I (23F) being unreasonable about my BF (21M) smoking weed?
I think my roommate (19M?) is dropping hints he is trans ftm & i (19F) might have feelings for him
Am I (23F) being unreasonable about my bf (21M) smoking weed?
My (22 m) girlfriend (18 f) has a few celebrity crushes, but her obsessive behavior about them is making me insecure
Running out of things to talk about with my bf over Facetime
How do I stop overthinking?
Hold me please
Afraid my [24M] girlfriend [24F] will cheat on me in long distance relationship
Long distance is making me (25F) extremely insecure in my relationship with my boyfriend of a year (27M). How can I get more confidence in our relationship and myself?
how to tolerate annoying gf's father?
Ex (M31) doesn't answer my (F26) text. Should I reach out ? (not as dumb as it looks or maybe yes it is)
I (22F) want my boyfriend (35M) to trim his mustache and beard, but I don’t know how to ask.
I (22F) really want my boyfriend (35M) to trim his beard and mustache, but I don’t know how to go about it.
I haven’t told my parents about my relationship
Should I stay or should I go?
This is the first time I read my ex’s name without thinking of him
I [25F] feel awful for ending things with [26M]
Ex (M31) doesn't answer my (F26) text. Should I reach out ? (not as dumb as it looks or maybe yes it is)
I [25F] feel terrible about how I ended this one year relationship [26M]
Was he [M/21] just trying to hookup with me [F/21] or wanted something more
Hold me please
SO (29 F) losing interest in me(31 M)?
I (F28) was ghosted by someone (M30) before the lockdown
I (M21) have had really terrible past relationships. How do I prevent this from influencing future ones?
my boyfriend doesn't want to communicate with me when he's busy
Do I love her? Or I just don't want to be alone?
Housemate’s boyfriend basically moved in... we’re still splitting rent in half
At what point do you accept their flaws and keep the relationship, and when are they too big to overlook?
Do I love her? Or I just don't want to be alone?
I feel like me and my boyfriend should break up but when it comes down to it I really don’t want it to end and I feel like my world is ending.
Husband's laziness and disregard is driving me to my wits end. How can I make him realize?
Weight issues in our relationship
I actually have feelings contrary to my moms beliefs...IM SO HAPPY!
My (33M) wife (32F) says she'd work all day if given the chance, and it's straining our marriage
Birthdays are overrated... but validating?
I feel like I should break up with my boyfriend but I don’t want to.
I actually have feelings contrary to my moms beliefs...IM SO HAPPY!
My boyfriend is confusing me out
My (25M) boyfriend and his ex have made me (21F) feel like I'm a horrible person
I (20F) caught my (19F) friend in a lie and am not sure what to do with the evidence.
My Mother [64F] is over weight and I [28M] am concerned for her health
Am I (F23) reading into my coworkers too much? (M/F 22-26)
My Mother [64F] is overweight and I [28M] am concerned for her health
My (24m) girlfriend (24f) is having a really hard time with quarantine and I’m trying to think of a cute idea for a “Quaren-date”
Am I (F23) reading too much into my coworkers? (M/F 22-26)
I (25F) am unexpectedly pregnant with (24M)
Am I reading into my coworkers too much?
I've been hooking up with my friend's mom for the past few months and now he is upset with me
I feel like I should break up with my boyfriend but when it comes down to it I feel like I’m losing my world and best friend and the love of my life. I can’t tell what my heart wants
What to do about a friends bad behavior even if it doesn’t directly involve you?
My (25M) boyfriend and his ex have me convinced I'm horrible
My (20F) friend (19F) is lying to me and I’m not sure what to do with the evidence
I feel like I should break up with my boyfriend of 7 years but I don’t want to. It feels like my world is ending every time the convo is brought up (by me)
My boyfriend always gives me silent treatment when he's mad and he's in denial that he is
Gf of 4.5 years is distant
Got dumped after dating for two weeks. Should I (17F) try to be friends with my ex (17M) again?
My boyfriend always gives me silent treatment when he's mad and he's in denial that he is
Birthdays are overrated.. but validating?
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) of two years thinks he’s the only one helping around the house
My aunt family is treating me like a joke, and publicly shaming us for no reason for 2 years straight
Birthday are overrated... but validation??
I feel I should break up with my boyfriend but when it comes to it, it feels like my world is falling apart and I’m losing my best friend.
My aunt family is purposely shaming my family and do some verbal harassment to my family for 2 years now, what should I do?
gf [27F] and me [27M] relationship of 2 years, feel lost. (anxiety, stress, apathy)
I’m (21F) in a 6-year relationship with my boyfriend (22M) since HS and I want to be single.
My aunt’s family is treating me and my family like a joke, and shaming me on purpose, now I need some advice
Girl(18F) purposely delays messaging me(19M)
How can I help my emotionally drained partner? Any Doctors in?
(34F)I recently go out of a 7 1/2 yr relationship with my daughters father (31m).... he cheated
I (19f) just broke up with my bf (25m) but now I’m regretting the decision
Pretty sure that my(29m) GF(28F) has been texting an ex and now shes acting strange.
I (24F) just found out my boyfriend (30M) of two and a half years has been lying to me about going to work for the past TWO YEARS and I have no idea where he's been.
I don’t think this is a relationship I want anymore
I (22F) am disliked at my workplace (20-26M/F). I deserved it and have changed, but don't know how to rebuild. How can I fix this?
her [27F] and me [27M] relationship of 2 years, i feel so lost (anxiety, stress, apathy)
Not sure if I want to hangout with my GF(17F) today. I (17M) feel kinda guilty.
I’m at a loss with a new relationship
Gf of 4.5 years is distant
[30/m] I'm stuck in a moving dilemma with my fiance [30/f]
I [26 F] left my husband [26 M] 2.5 years and he is still not accepting it and it's weighing on me
My [32F] BF [44M] has slipped up a few times and referred to his ex-wife as his wife or himself as her husband. Should I be concerned?
Controlling
Girl (22F) I (24M) was dating wants to wait to pick things back up until after all this craziness is over. In the meantime, we are cutting off all contact...do I hold out hope or is it over for good?
Take recommendations very lightly here
Girl (22F) I (24M) was dating wants to wait to pick things back up until after all this craziness is over. In the meantime, we are cutting off all contact...do I hold out hope or is it over for good?
I feel like my (27) boyfriend (27) hasn’t been through any significant struggles in life and sometimes I feel like it’s harder for us to relate because of it.
My [32F] bf [44m] has slipped up a few times and referred to his ex-wife as his wife. Should I be concerned?
Signs your partner is cheating on you.
I feel like my (27) boyfriend (27) hasn’t been through any significant struggles in life and sometimes I feel like it’s harder for us to relate because of it.
Was he the one that got away?
I (22m) don't know if I should try to talk to him (23) again?
My boyfriend [31M] and I [28F] are constantly having communication breakdowns while in quarantine. Help! I’m at the end of my rope!
generic young how-do-I-break-up post (16M and 14M)
The one that got away?
My boyfriend (31M) and I (28F) are constantly having communication breakdowns while in quarantine together; I’m at the end of my rope!
Lying about working
How do I (20F) help my bf (22M) feel less guilty about sex?
Leaving a friend homeless?
If Tinder is like Amazon, then I ain't getting a good deal
If dating is like shopping, then I ain't getting a good deal
What is “talking”?
Coronavirus (SARS-CoV2, COVID-19) Mega-thread Announcement, vol. 4
I(29M) need to know if I’m overreacting with my (27F) gf.
What is “talking”?
Do you believe in first love? Is it special? Have you ever regretted to break up with your first love after years?
What is “talking”?
I’m at a loss with a new relationship
I can't tell my [29F] husband [28M] my feelings without him getting overwhelmed and upset
Caught in a lie
Should I forgive my girlfriend? Or stay separated?
My [16m] sexual attraction to my best friend [16m]
Should I forgive my girlfriend? Or stay separated?
First boyfriend FaceTime
My [m] sexual attraction to my best friend [m]
Should I forgive my girlfriend? Or stay separated?
My boyfriend invites friends into our relationship
Friendship problems - am I being dramatic?
Friendship troubles - am I being dramatic?
First boyfriend FaceTime
Am I (28f) being sensitive that I feel like the new guy (31m) I’m seeing might be a bit too self involved?
Is dating someone with little to no experience in her 20s off putting?
Me (M24) and my gf (F21) are having a quite hard time during quarantine.
How do I get over someone who is also my friend?
Snapchat jealousy
Going through a breakup, feel like I have nothing left, wondering where to go from here
Update: I (27M) want a future with my partner (37F), but she is worried about our age gap.
Snapchat jealousy
My ex girlfriend has turned crazy and really horrible towards me my family and my friends help
Cutting out my toxic best friend
Long Distance Relationship
Bored teenage couple looking for things tot do
Texting an Ex
Bored teenage couple looking for something to do
Cutting out my toxic best friend
Long Distance Relationship
Do I (20M) have the right to be mad about my ex’s rebound (19F)
My partner (M24) repeatedly winds me up while I (F25) work from home - am I unreasonable/how to handle?
Update: I (27M) want a future with my partner (37F), but she is worried about our age gap.
Do I (M20) have the right to be made about my ex’s (F21) best friend rebound
Is dating someone with little to no experience in her 20s off putting?
Update: I (27M) want a future with my partner (37F), but she is worried about our age gap.
My (20s F) roommate (30s F) and I had a falling out, but now she wants to be "friends" again.
My partner (M24) repeatedly winds me up while I (F25) work from home - am I unreasonable?
What you usually say if your friend has broken up?
Told girls roommate she was in a dark place, broke her trust
I (M31) am uncertain of GFs (F29) interest, but is it COVID?
Am I the asshole [24} M] for what I did to [21F] the girl I care about?
I'm scared that how I handle my emotions will hurt my relationship with my girlfriend in the long run
Dead friendship due to quarantine?
Told my ex I'm cutting him off and want NC. He just keeps messaging me. Advice?
Girl Im speaking to is taking a break from social media to heal herself. Should I drop her my number?
I have been seeing my friend's mother for a few months now
Is it weird that I want to wear adult diapers to bed?
Appropriate Relationship with Boyfriends ex?
Boyfriend (m24) doesn't respect me (F25) homeworking and makes me the bad guy?
Am I the asshole [24} M] for what I did to [21F] the girl I care about?
Anxious Mind & Past Abusive Behaviour
Girl I'm speaking to is taking a break from social media. Should I drop her my number?
I found my SO's suicide note from a month ago. He is still alive.
Anxious Mind & Past Abusive Behaviour
Worried there’s something going on
I (23F) am worried about bringing my boyfriend (22M) to my parents house
My two best friends are in a relationship and they had a huge fight. I don't know what advice I could give them, after one of them opened up to me.
I found my SO's suicide note from a month ago. He is still alive.
I broke off a friendship with my ex [F17] but now it's doing a number on me [M18]
My partner (36 M) is obsessed with swinging and cuckold lifestyle. How do I (32 F) best talk to him?
I broke off an old friendship with my ex [F17] months ago and it hurts today [M18]
I broke off a friendship with my ex [F17] but now it's doing a number on me [M18]
I broke off my friendship with my ex, I'm still in love and it's doing a number on me [M18]
Needing some help/advice on a complicated situation.
i (f23) accidentally drunk dm’d a mutual friend (m23) of my ex “what” on a shirtless pic of him what can i do?
I [22M] am in love with my best friend [20F] and her boyfriend [21M]
Can 1 night stands work in a healthy marriage?
Needing some advice/ help on a complicated situation ?
Am I wrong for speaking English to my kids around my MIL who doesn't understand English?
My(22F) boyfriend (27M) hid from me he still has a facebook account even though he told me he deleted it 7 months ago. What should I do?
He loves me but doesn't want to lose his freedom, can one night stands act as a path to healthy marriage?
Needing some non - judgmental advice on a complicated situation
How to cut romantic tension when shy and inexperienced?????
How do I form a sincere apology?
Moving out, but roommate isn't cooperating...
Perception is reality, is my reputation ruined? Or am I overreacting
Moving out, but roommate isn't cooperating...
Seeing your ex with someone else
My girlfriend (31f) and I (28m) broke up in a weird way.
My (18F) boyfriend (18M) suffers from depressive episodes.
Moving out of my apartment, but want to maintain friendship with my roommate
AITA for speaking English with my kids when we are with my MIL who doesn't speak English
My (31f) girlfriend and I (28m) broke up in a weird way.
Roommate being awkward about me moving out
I [24 F] lead a fulfilling and successful life in so many ways, but don’t feel I can truly be happy without being in a relationship
My mother (49F) acts as a victim and creates arguments when I'm (21F) only trying to help her
My (23M) little brother (15M) keeps threatening to out me to my very homophobic parents
How to not be clingy/needy?
I feel cheated
My (28f) husband (28) follows and likes very large girls. I am not. Male advice needed.
How to be not clingy/needy?
Stuck in a three persons love triangle, unsure of the guys intentions
My (23M) little brother (15M) keeps threatening to out me to my very homophobic parents
My (28f) husband (28) follows and likes very large girls. I am not. Male advice needed.
I really need someone’s insight!
In love with a pathological liar
31(M) recently asked out a girl I’ve fancied for sometime, got told no. Need advice
I finally left my toxic and abusive partner, any advice to keep me going is deeply appreciated
My boyfriend is stingy
I finally left my toxic and abusive partner of 2 years
Crazy ex boyfriend
Dating a psychologial liar?
My boyfriend is stingy
Crazy ex boyfriend
My dad is so lonely and I’m worried about him...
Crazy ex boyfriend
I need ideas to win a girl over
I Need ideas
I am [36M] getting marriage pressure from my girlfriend [28F]
Boyfriend (31M) of 2 years doesn’t love me (30F).
pretty sure my M(25) girlfriendG(30) is playing me
How can I tell my best friend that he does not give me enough attention?
I (F28) still love my ex (M28) but afraid to revisit the relationship at the same time... please give me some advice?
How can I tell my best friend that he does not give me enough attention?
My mother (49F) acts as a victim and causes arguments when I (21F) am only trying to help her
I am [36M] getting marriage pressure from my girlfriend [28F]
My bf (29m) is mad at me (31f) and now he doesn't want to talk or text me
Todays Angelic Messages 24th-25th April
Could you help me understand the implications of what my friend said?
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants?
Text An Ex
Breaking the ice betwen me [ M 20] and her [25]
HELP!
A guy[29M] I’ve[31F] been seeing for 5 years will not enter into a real relationship because he’s overwhelmed by his job.
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants?
My (28F) husband (30M) wants a divorce because I want to transition into a man
Text my ex
Being a father has ruined my relationship with my fiance-advice please
Being a father has changed my relationship with my fiance-advice please
What counts as effort in a relationship?
I (32M) don't know why girlfriend (30F) keeps picking arguments
Roommates left their pile of dishes for me
I'm shy, will never find love and feel like giving up M(21)
Guy [26] Is Pushing for a Friendship That I'm [26 F] Unsure About
Guy Is Pushing for a Friendship That I'm Unsure About
What if you have the girl of your dreams but also desire other things
How can I (21f) become less angry and irritable at my annoying mother (52f)?
Is being cheated on in a relationship inevitable?
I (21f) get overwhelmingly irritated at my mum (52f)
Was quarrelling with my boyfriend but we settled it already when he suddenly said he needed some alone time
Is being cheated on in a relationship inevitable?
Is being cheated on in a relationship inevitable?
How do you define effort?
How do you stop chasing after emotionally unavailable people?
Please can someone help me deal with my feelings with my first ever breakup!
Please can someone help me with how to manage my feelings with my first breakup?
I (31M) am having trouble ending my first long term relationship with my girlfriend (31F)
I(15M) am feeling really regretful with the way I acted towards a girl I liked (16F) and even though I'm in a relationship now I'm feeling attracted to her and as though I need to apologize, I don't know what to do
My (22m) best friend (20f) told me tonight that being my friend feels like a job
I need advice
worse line to your ex when you broke up
TL;DR : Did I Cheat?
Am I [20F] wrong for beingn suspicious about my mom’s [42F] relationship with my best friend [19M] after she invited him to stay with us?
Cuddling with friend
I [22M] told my wife [22F] that I have continued to watch porn behind her back after she said she disapproved of it before we got married.
I (20F) have lost all faith in relationships after 2 month experience with ex (20M) don’t know how to explain this to guy (22M) interested in me without driving him away
BREAKING! This ER Doctor Just NUKED Fauci's Pandemic Fraud Straight to H...
Did I cheat?
Any gay singles?
My (F/21) bf (M/21) won’t have phone sex with me.
Was he just trying to get my pants or wanted something more
GF of 7 years broke up with me out of the blue. Having trouble letting go.
Anyone else?
i (F20) do not know what to feel about my boyfriend (M23) anymore
Did I cheat on my boyfriend?
Should I (25F) chase him (28M) and ask to see him again?
My friend acts like a creep
Should I (25F) chase him (28M)?
Help to have a better mindset with dating?
Did I cheat?
Help with finding a better mindset for finding a relationship in the future?
Separation anxiety from boyfriend
Separation anxiety from my boyfriend
My (26F) parents(56F/66M) are trying to manipulate my boyfriend into doing free work for them.
I, 24 F have found an extremely valuable resource with powerfully insightful knowledge - link in post
My GF(20F) hardly texts/talks to me throughout the week and it’s getting annoying. Am I (20M) being clingy?
I(30f) accidentally smoked the last bowl and he(40m) flipped out.
Clingy friend (F18) makes me (F19) feel drained. How do I stop it?
My Girlfriend (20F) hardly texts me(20M). Am I being clingy?
Possible Intimacy Issues?
Clingy friend (F18) makes me (F19) feel drained. How do I stop it?
My boyfriend is controlling, I’m feeling responsible for his mental health, and I need advice.
Clingy friend makes me feel drained. How do I stop it?
My boyfriend has been lying to me recently!
It's all about the little things
Online Dating, Sex Appeal and Real Relationships
I (20M) am struggling to have my parents accept my lifestyle.
My boyfriend dated a very young girl before he met me, should i worry?
It's all about the little things
I(30f) accidentally smoked the last bowl of weed and he(40m) flipped out.
Advice??
Boyfriend dated a young girl, is it creepy?
Advice and thoughts on this situation?
I(30F) accidentally smoked the last bowl and he(40M) flipped out
My bf was dating a girl 15 years younger?
How To Break Up With In Love GF (M23)
I (22F) don't know how to go about breaking up with my girlfriend(22).
How To End A Relationship
My girlfriend has a hair trigger for starting arguments
How can I (F29) tell my dad (M67) to stop being a douche to his tenants?
I (20M) am struggling to have my parents accept my lifestyle
My mother[50s F] hates my[19M] girlfriend[19F]
How do I support him?
Girlfriend is suddenly distant and cold
My (39m) wife (40f) has masturbated 40+ times in the last month or so - is that different than our sex life?
(22f) trying to get insight into really quiet s/o (22m)
How can I (F29) tell my dad (M67) he's being a douche?
(22f) need insight into really quiet s/o (22m)
What does it mean to be “talking”?
What does it mean to be “talking”?
My girlfriend is suddenly distant and cold
My girlfriend has a hair trigger for starting aruments
Motivation for my boyfriend
(F47) My ex husband (M 50) is accusing me of poisoning our son (M 16) against him
How do you know if you are talking to someone?
I need your advice
Stalking your bf ex
Should I bail on friends or my girlfriend, given the situation?
My (M22) girlfriend (F23) refuses to wipe in quarantine
I insulted my friend and I want to make amends
My wife’s grandma calls my daughter a retard.
My boyfriend (25m) is changing for the worse and I don't know what to do
Lend me your wisdom?
My ex [21F] says she wants to be my [21M] friend but then tries to be more than that.
My (M20) mom keeps coming into my room and digging into my stuff. I’ve caught her looking through my trash once, my bean bag chair, and I’m finding stuff moved around. What are the first steps I can take to finding affordable apartments near me?
I'm having trouble gaining personal freedom from my parents
Help! Looking for someone to have a 1 on 1 conversation!
Live in BF still texts his EX regularly
Girl I Kinda Like...?
Wife’s grandmother calls my daughter a retard.
How many other people are like me?
Girl I Kinda Like...?
12 years gone
My (27 FTM) partner (26 NBI) and I were on a video call and they forgot me. Am I overreacting?
Boyfriend is changing
How do I (18M) tell my girlfriend (18F)she has to “earn” me back?
4 YR LDR, Finally closing the gap in a month or two and boyfriend (23M) suddenly breaks up with me (22F).
4 YR LDR - Finally closing the gap in a month and boyfriend (23M) decides to break up with me (22F) today.
How do I navigate relationship with parents (50) sister (13F) and me (23f) and my own feelings
I (25F) have only been dumped once and I can't get over it to this day
12 years together and ghosted me
I (F26) think my partner (M26) got me high so I would have sex with him?
Long distance relationship
I’m [f21] having trust issues with my boyfriend [m37] who talks to several women
I'm need advice
My girlfriend of 3 years and I are in long distance and might be for a long time. I'm not happy in long distance but I don't wanna hurt/lose her. What should I do?
Is it weird that I want to wear adult diapers to bed?
I’m [f21] having trust issues with my boyfriend [m37] who talks to several women.
should I cut ties with my friend bcuz he likes me? shoud i tell my bf about it?
Was i wrong for completely breaking up with her?
I have trust issues [f21] with my boyfriend [m37] who talks to several women
I thought my husband was missing but he was/is getting drunk
tl:dr I have a girlfriend but have fallen in love with a girl from my church. My girlfriend goes to the same church.
Am I crazy with trust issues? Or does my boyfriend need work? [f21] talking about [m36]
I have a girlfriend but I have fallen in love with a girl from my church
Might have met my dream girl and I'm confused
Am I just jealous and crazy about my boyfriend?
Is it worth saving the friendship?
My Boyfriend’s Mother doesn’t like me no matter how hard I try to connect.
My bf is upset with me after I asked him to spoil me for our 3 year anniversary
Does cheating to get revenge make things even and should you have the right to do it if you were cheated on if you want to stay with your partner but feel like you need to make up for the betrayal?
Best strategies for letting long held unrequited love go?
He needs space?
Never had this thought/feeling about a girl
He needs space?
My [24 F] boyfriend [28 M] constantly puts a downer on my passion for gardening
Is it weird that I want wear adult diapers to bed?
TL;DR my boyfriend (m26) of 4 years has cheated and I forgave him but ..
My boyfriend and I have been having a hard time in quarantine together, and I need some help
TL;DR
Did I overreact to my(25F) boyfriend's(33) reaction to fraudulent charges on my account?
GUYS HELP ME WITH MY EX
I (f25) realized my ex (m30) is getting married and I’m confused.
My (20M) gf (21F) is mad about what I see as banter
I need an outside view before I drive myself nuts
I (f25) found out ex (m30) is getting married.
Help
I (25f) found out ex (31m) is getting married.
I don't know if I already move on or what. Can somebody help me?
My friend and I have a very weird relationship I need to make sense of.
Should i ask him
I [22F] do not trust my boyfriend [30M] due to instagram and long distance
I'm not sure if our relationship is "50/50" anymore.
BF sent me videos to work on my sexual technique
Regretting proposing
Regretting proposing
Ez.rbx for robuc this is a very good site
My crush on my friend is ruining our friendship and causing me pain
Should I ask him to have a child with me or be my donor
My (26 F) boyfriend (29 M) uses my mental health against me when we fight
Should I ask him
I (27f) am worried that my bowel movements will ruin my relationship.
Why do you keep loving someone even when they let you down?
Is my relationship still salvageable or should I cut my losses?
My (17f) relationship with my younger brother (13m) is becoming increasingly upsetting as a result of his gaming.
Best Advice
Girlfriend's Mom Has Cancer
Me (17F) and my sister (18F) co-own a youtube channel and we put on a face that we like each other. I recently told my friend I can't stand my sister and she posted a comment about us not getting along.
Why is it very hard for me to form a meaningful relationship?
Anyone in their 20s/30s living with parents/family during the coronavirus?
I (23M) missed a shot with a (23F) because of my anxiety, and she doesn't want to talk to me after that. How do I win her back?
I messed up a friendship a while ago and still have major regrets and don’t know if I should talk to her about it (both F22 now)
I [15M] criticized a show for not representing Indians well, and my friends [15/16 M & F] are pissed at me. What do I do?
How can I (26F) get through to a friend (32F) about her abusive relationship?
(28F) Head and Heart want two different things
How to cope with anxiety when meeting a new guy... advice needed.
My(19F) brother(32) is always trying to get me to pity him and do his chores
Girlfriend was assaulted years before we met and her assailants went to my college
(28F) Head and Heart want two different things
Am I (25F) wrong for not letting my boyfriend(25M) read my text messages?
:'|
(28F) My head and my heart want two different things? What to do? TLDR; Started talking to ex while with another man still have feeling s for ex
I Want to be a better older sibling for my younger brother, advice would help.
I female (27) boyfriend (28) , he is acting like a child and I don’t know how to approach this situation anymore
What to do when your head and your heart dont agree??
Need advice on a previous relationship
I think things are too dysfunctional, need advice and input from others
I (23M) missed a shot with a (23F) because of my anxiety, and she doesn't want to talk to me after that. How do I win her back?
I (21F) don't know whether it's time to leave my 8 year relationship with my boyfriend (21M)
What do you do when your head and your heart dont agree?? Am i just being a terrible person?
I have only been told I was the asshole, but what do I do from here? I recognize my wrongs in the below passage, so I really need help fixing it with this girl she is extremely sad.
I have only been told I was the asshole, but what do I do from here? I recognize my wrongs in the below passage, so I really need help fixing it with this girl she is extremely sad.
concerned over gf's 24f past
Tl/dr What to do when your heart and head do not agree??
I think it might be time to go, things are too dysfunctional
What do you do when your heart and your head do not agree.
How to tell if a married guy is just flirting or trying for more?
How to overcome with someone you got so used to with?
Is what I am feeling wrong ? Boyfriend who likes to act like a child
I (27NB) don’t know how to date with past relationship trauma with a narcissistic ex (28F) still affecting me
Did he [M/21] have feelings for me [F/21] or just wanted to hookup?
I (26F) cut ties with a friend (27M) I met online, but he keeps messaging me
My Partner is hurt by the time i take to respond
I (33F) feel my BF (25M) has just sentenced our 3.5 year relationship to die a slow death, he can't understand why I'm upset
My partner(18 NB) is extremely hurt when I(19M) am busy playing video games
Relationship VS. Coronavirus
Lockdown issues
Lockdown meetup?
Lockdown Issues
I(20F) read hurtful posts that my ex(20M) made about me after our 2 month relationship
How can I cope with a lie my ex created that I have been living in for the past 6 months?
did shrooms fuck it up?
Should we divorce?
How can I get over a lie that my ex created that I have been living in for the past 6 months?
TL;DR Should I talk to my ex about his hurtful posts?
Need advice for dating a divorced woman
Why some men don’t give up ?
Personality chameleon?
Should we divorce?
Me 21 female an boyfriend 21 male
dang
How can I get over a lie that I have been living in for the past 6 months?
Feeling Cast Aside
Felling insecure about my (23m) relationship with bf (24m) partially because of conflict with future sister in law
Feeling Cast Aside
Me (21)female an my boyfriend (21) male
Need advice for dating a divorced woman
My girlfriend asked for a break and I don’t know how I feel about it.
Insecure about my(23m) relationship with (24m). Conflict with future sister in law
I (24F) HATE playing my boyfriend (26M) at Super Smash Bro’s. because he is MERCILESS and never goes easy on me.
Me [42 F] with my [47 M] 2 Years, Am I being unreasonable for giving up on our relationship? ---
When my boyfriend (26M) of 3 years and I (26F) argue, he feels like all the arguing revolves around something he has done and that things are 'always his fault'
What are/are there rules of texting rules during lockdown? In regards to my situation?
My[18 M] girlfriend[18F] of 3 months broke up with me because of college — 3.5 months before we leave. Advice please.
Is she going through something personal or is she not interested?
Is she going through something personal or is she not interested?
Am I (42 F) overreacting or is he (47 M) not the one for me (me for him)?
Should I ask her who sent her the flowers?
Is she going through something personal or is she not interested?
What are your thoughts on taking a break in a relationship?
Break up
Is she going through something personal or is she just not interested?
Should I ask her who sent her the flowers?
Is this normal friendship behavior?
Is this normal friendship behavior?
Has anyone ever kept a secret from their current partner?
I want to earn extra income, but my bf isn’t comfortable with my idea on how to do it.
feeling like a pariah in my relationship
Dating a new person with depression in quarantine
Is it okay to keep secrets from your partner or is honesty always the best policy?
Has anyone ended up great friends with an ex?
feeling like a pariah in my relationship
Do you keep any "secrets" from your partner?
Girl that I'm flirting with (and she's been flirting with me too) isn't as talkative when we're on a call, is it because of me?
Should I [F20] break up with my boyfriend [M20] of nearly a year?
Do you keep any "secrets" big or small from your partner?
Girl that I'm flirting with (and she's been flirting with me too) isn't as talkative when we're on a call, is it because of me?
Has anyone ended up great friends with an ex?
i (22f) got into the worst fight with my partner (28m) and i haven't heard from him since..
Our marriage (26F) (28M) had a rocky start due to my cold feet. Has anyone else been in a similar situation and used therapy to turns things around?
My boyfriend (26M) keeps saying that anytime we argue he feels like its always me (26F) finding something wrong with him/ with what he is doing.
Concerned my (22F) long distance boyfriend (22M) didn't jump at chance to spend two weeks together
I (29F) am married (36M) and am unsure what to do about new feelings developing for a close friend/coworker (26M)
Our marriage (26F, 28M) had a rocky start due to my cold feet. Has anyone solved a similar issue with individual or couples' counseling?
My dad is unbearable
I’m unhappy but I emotionally can’t leave.
I (29F) am married (36M) and am unsure what to do about new feelings developing for a close friend/coworker (26M)
My (21F) friend (24M) called me "my dear"
Should I ask her who sent her the flower?
I (23m) want to end a toxic friendship with my friend (22m) but I don't know how
I keep dreaming I'm pregnant but boyfriend will get mad if I talk about it
Is it okay not to see your age [22f] men as potential partners?
A male friend who used to have feelings for me recently called me "my dear" when he knows that I'm taken. Should I concerned?
polyamory homosexual poly-romantic transgender (AMA) (20m) (21m)
What's the deal with men and sex?
Polyamory Homosexual Poly-romantic Transgender young man (AMA)
Should I [F20] break up with my boyfriend [M20] of a year or is it premature?
I [35F] may be pregnant and I'm terrified and overwhelmed. Partner of 6 years [35M] was agitated for other reasons and just said something that broke my heart
Partner feels she’s too invested
What was life like when you left a long-term relationship?
Is it okay not to see your age [22f] men as potential partners?
The Rabbit Hole of Social Media and Insecurity
Hey guys, where do you find comfort when you dont have a parent, sibling or a friend?
Are you okay with your significant other having friends of the gender they are attracted to? Why or why not?
I keep dreaming I'm pregnant but boyfriend will getad if I talk about it
how you should handle cheating
What was life like when you left a long-term relationship?
Are you okay with your significant other having friends of the gender they are attracted to? Why or why not?
Hey guys, where do you find comfort when you don't have a parent, sibling or friend to help?
Should I stay or should I leave?
I think I need to distance myself
Are you okay with your significant other having friends of the gender they are attracted to? Why or why not?
My dad is so unbearable
Dating a Gender Fluid Male
Are you okay with your significant other being friends with the gender they are attracted to?
Scared that a girl who's interested in me will get bored the better she gets to know me
Are you okay with your significant other being friends with the gender they are attracted to?
Help my girlfriends running away what do we do?
Are you okay with your significant other having friends of the sex they are attracted to? Why or why not?
My closest friend is bringing me down
Our quarantine dates are getting to be too "routine" and I need advice on how to spice it up
Is me [30M] discussing opposite sex boundaries with my partner [30F] reasonable?
What are the biggest red flags in a relationship?
Our quarantine dates are getting too "routine" and I need advice on how to spice it up
I [24 F] am finding it hard to recover and move on from my anxious-avoidant ex [24 M]
Ex came back
Got back (M19) together with my ex(F19) but now it’s not the same, any help or input would be amazing.
Can he fall back in love with me?
Perception is reality, can my reputation be ruined of this incident ?
Perception is reality, can my reputation be ruined of this incident ?
Is it wrong that I (29M) want to take time off to myself because I’m toxic?
This sub gives me (49m) some hope that there's good people out there.... but they don't seem to exist in the real world!
Ex really wants me to pick up her items
Was he [M/21] just trying to hookup with me [F/21]?
This sub gives me (49m) hope, but is it all perceived kindness?
I (16N) just got into a relationship with (16F) and I'm immediately thinking of breaking up
Codependency or anxiety? Both?
r/relationships gives me (49m) hope, but is it all just perceived?
Ex really wants me to pick up my items
r/relationships gives me some hope... but is it a one-sided false hope?
Friendzoned a guy nearly my entire life... Now he has friendzoned me, Ha!
Ex really wants me to pick up my items from her apartment
My dad (50M) wants me to meet his young girlfriend (27F) and I (23F) REALLY don't want to
My dad (50M) wants me to meet his young girlfriend (27F) and I (23F) REALLY don't want to
How can I help my bf in quarantine when he’s suffering mentally?
My mom is threatening my dad
Friendzoned a guy nearly my entire life... now he Friendzoned me, Ha!
Losing my family
What’s right and wrong regarding giving your partner time
Can he fall back in love with me? Or is it over?
My mom is threatening my dad
Was he [M/21] just looking to hookup with me [F/21]?
Losing my family
Very involved ex husband
I (M/19) am getting cold feet about my relationship with my gf (F/20)
Are you okay with your significant other having friends of the sex they are attracted to? Why or why not?
My husband(32) and I (30) were together 10 years and we have 3 children. He cheated on me within weeks of our 10 year anniversary.
Losing my family
My mother is a terrible human being
it makes me sad seeing girls constantly belittle their boyfriends, even if its just a joke. the one person who loves you no matter what. i feel like those types of people who constantly hate on their significant other doesnt deserve to have someone who loves you unconditionally.
girlfriend (17f) ignores my (17m) texts
:((
My bf (20m) asked me (18f) if he and my sister (18f) would be a good couple
I dont know what to do
My (20m) GF (19f) broke up with me but told me she loved me. Now she ghosts me and I feel like she is slipping away. I'm heartbroken and can't function normal because of this.
I [28 M] want a serious relationship with a girl I'm interested in [28 F] and initially she was against sex before commitment but recently changed her mind.
My (20m) GF (19f) of 3 and a half years broke up with me because she needed time for herself. Now I am heartbroken and constantly thinking about her.
girlfriend ignores my texts
I [18M] need to tell my ex[18F] how I feel. But we just broke up.
Is there a way that I [23 F] could address my boyfriend [23 M] lying about his height?
What can I (24F) get my boyfriend (24M) for our anniversary?
GF (19F) and I (20M) broke up after a 3 and a half year relationship and now I'm all confused and possibly depressed.
public and online affection
Family won't socially isolate
I dont know what to do
Fear of commitment
Family refuses to isolate
Comeback??
Random urges to break up with boyfriend bf(22) me (21)
Does anyone get the feeling to break up with your boyfriend? Bf (22) me (21)
My boyfriend won’t tell his past romantic interest that we’re exclusive now. Advice/Thoughts
My boyfriend has screwed up
How should I(28F) deal with my sister(32F)'s incompetence?
Relationship issues
He(22M) thinks it would be to difficult to do a long distance while I(21F) take time off uni.
My (28M) grandpa just died and all I can think about is my ex girlfriend (26F)
Me (22M), who is a supervisor at my workplace, is now dating an associate (21F) who works directly under me.
Is it possible to miss someone’s toxicity?
I feel like my (20M) friend (20F) is ghosting me and idk what to do
I broke up with my boyfriend who i’m still in love with and i don’t know why i did it
My (27 F) boyfriend’s (31 M) mental and physical health are draining me
How do I(27F) get over my ex(28M) who had blocked me a year ago?
In Need of Help With An Important Issue
Is this a stupid closure text? (Me F24, him M27)
I feel like my (20M) friend (20F) is ghosting me and idk what to do
Help! Tell me I’m wrong and that I need to change my perspective or else I’m leaving my husband. Our toddler girl will be heartbroken.
In Need of Help With A Difficult Situation
Any one experienced with Thai dating?
Once a cheater always a cheater
My wife (36F) cheated once and I (36M) want a divorce but I don't know whether I truly should to leave or not
SO’s (27) lack of concern has me (31) rethinking the relationship.
I need to confide
My grandpa just passed away and all I can think about is my ex girlfriend
I (20M) hurt my girlfriend's(21F) self esteem, how can I make up for it?
My father is an asshole
Help with different love languages
Still grappling with anxiety about boyfriend talking to other women
Help with different love languages
How do I (20M) build back my girlfriend's (21F) self confidence which I destroyed?
Living with boyfriend [29M] that doesn’t love me anymore
me (20m) and my boyfriend (19m) broke up so we could work on our mental health but we're still in love and it hurts so bad...
Uncertain I [22 F] wanna pursue two year long relationship with boyfriend [25 M]
Wife/Mother of 4 wants to travel during pandemic
My partner [31M] is still living with his ex [36M] due to them having a baby and her being suicidal.
I don't know what to do with my girlfriend
My(22M) Ex-Boyfriend (24M) Sent Me a Text about Poop: Weird Attempt at Friendship or Does He Regret the Breakup?
My (22f) bf (25m) isn’t making an effort in the bedroom.
I [19F] am too nervous to date. Should I just escort my first time?
I [30M] am becoming uncomfortable with the closeness of my girlfriends [28F] opposite-gender friends.
Should I leave my wife?
Wife/Mother of 4 Wants to travel amid pandemic
How I met my boyfriend and a lot of backstory. Enjoy :D
I’m (27F) really lost. I’m suppose to marry my fiancé (27M) in 2 months but still have feelings for my old friend (27M) that my family disproved of
I (25F) am in love with my coworker (30M)
Is she interested?
Reducing codependency
Is my marriage toxic?
Another instance of not being included. What now?
What to think?
Another instance of not being included. What now?
How I met my boyfriend and a lot of backstory. Enjoy :D
Got back together with my ex but it’s not the same, please help? Any kind of feed back or experience would be much appreciated
Another instance of not being included. What now?
My girlfriend (22F) is still obsessed with her significantly older lady friend (50F) that she slept with last year and continues to openly glorify her to me. Am I overthinking this?
Me [36F] with my sister 30 [F], concerned her new BF is only with her for citizenship. Should I bring it up or leave it alone in case I’m wrong?
[22/M] In a Long Distance Relationship [LDR] with a [22/F] with no end in sight. Part of me wants to break up and sleep around?
I (23f) don’t know if my ex (23m) will ever talk to me again even though i want to be friends because of an email i sent this morning
Should I [24/f]or How Should I Go About Telling Him [26/m] I Made A Mistake Letting Him Go?
My girlfriend (22F) of four months is still obsessing with a significantly older lady she slept with last year (50F) and continues to openly over glorify her to me. Am I overreacting?
I [30M] am becoming uncomfortable with the closeness of my girlfriends [28F] opposite-gender friends.
Is talking to a guy online without the intention of cheating on your significant other cheating? Is it okay to have online friends who are guys?
Rude stepkid
I (23f) have reconnected with an old love interest (25m) and I am having a hard time deciding what to do.
I (F23) found out that an old friend (F23) had her personal info leaked in reference to her sex work content and don’t know how to tell her
I [23F] became delusional about my professor [50sM], who I thought in love with me. For four years. He probably isn’t, though, and I’m finding this realization tremendously painful.
Wife/Mother wants to travel during pandemic
Got back together with my ex but it’s not the same, any advice?
I [23F] became delusional about my professor [50sM], who I thought in love with me. For four years. He probably isn’t, though, and I’m finding this realization tremendously painful.
Is This Cheating?
How do i tell (25M) tell her (22F) she's boring
*Update*- My boyfriend (28, M) loves commenting on other hot girls on social media/ sending me hot girls pic so much that my (27,F) self esteem is eroding.
Was he [M/21] just trying for sex or wanted something more with me [F/21]?
I think I(50sM) have been having an emotional affair and not sure how to proceed
Me (23F) and My fiancé (23M) have very different view on how to approach a threesome
My boyfriend (26, M) loves commenting on other hot girls on Facebook / sending me hot girls pic so much that my (25,F) self esteem is eroding
The truth comes out
How should I (F23) tell an old friend her personal info was leaked online and not sure if she already knows anyway?
How soon is too soon for couples therapy? 26m/f
Boyfriend wants to buy a house and wants me to pay the “mortgage”
I struggle to let little squabbles go...
My (20M) friend (20M) is still friends with my ex (19F) and I don’t know how to feel.
Intimacy issues ruined a great romantic relationship with the best person (26M) I've (24F) ever met. Am I broken?
My boyfriend of 9 yrs nit picks non stop even at the kids
Got back together with my ex after two months, somethings off. Any advice?
{INCLUDES TOPICS THAT MIGHT NOT BE SUITABLE FOR EVERYONE}
My bf (m26) told me (f27) he cant stop using drugs, I confronted him how I feel, next day reply leaves me not knowing what it's going to be
I (23f) am dating a teacher (39m) and it’s like I’m dating a local celebrity
How do i (20M) build back my girlfriend's (21F) self esteem that i destroyed?
When Your Ex Wants Your Best Friend :(
Looking for advice on what to do about (m)y g(f) (20's) & her father (m)(late 60's)
*Update*- My boyfriend (2*, M) loves commenting on other hot girls on social media/ sending me hot girls pic so much that my (2*,F) self esteem is eroding.
I (F) don’t know how to tell an old friend that some boys we knew ages ago leaked her personal info online
Catching girlfriend in lies. Overreacting?
I’m (23f) dating a teacher (39m) and it’s like I’m with a local celebrity
My girlfriend (21F) and I (21M) continue to argue over her social media consumption, my sleeping schedule, and our general disagreement on time spent together.
My m33 bf is a virgin - any advice for our first time together?
I struggle with letting little squabbles go...
How do I tell my friend I don’t want to be an adult flower girl in her wedding?
Did I move into my partners house too quickly? I am (21)F and he is (24)M and we both have bad pasts.
Anniversary Question
Got back with my ex after I broke up with her
Quarantine Date Night Ideas
My (18M) brother (21M) refuses to social distance and keeps inviting people over even though our dad is deemed high risk for severe Covid-19.
I discovered that my (35M) girlfriend (28F) has racked up substantial credit card debt in secrecy.
The Truth Comes Out.
Me [24 M] with my gf [25 F] (just over a year), struggle with high differences in sex drive
How can I (26F) feel more confident about a future with my partner (30M) who gets really stressed out when thinking about the future?
My (22F) boyfriend (19M) always underreacts. It makes me feel like he doesn't care.
I think I love my boyfriend too much
Am I wrong to be a little pissed?
Looking for some advice about what to do about gfs father
Me [24 M] with my gf [25 F] (just over a year), struggle with high differences in sex drive...
Worth mentioning or naw
I'm [23F] scared of my father [56] what do I do?
Bring it up or let it go
My (F18) Boyfriend (M19) doesn't want me to go out with my friends. What do I do?
My (26M) GF (23F) and I have communication issues (I think).
How do I deal with large differences in sex drive?
Intimacy issues are ruining my potential romantic relationships. What can I do?
Why is 32M acting distant all of a sudden ? 23F
My roommate’s GF who has threatened me now has her CHILD over my house.
My roommates girl who’s Threatened me now has her child over my house
I'm [23F] scared of my father [56] what do I do?
Anniversary Date Quandry
My (M26) GF (23) have communication issues (I think).
How would you describe or rank human connectedness?
Married/Engaged Redditors, did you ever see any signs pre marriage/ engagement that is was going to happen?
How would you describe or rank human connectedness?
How would you describe or rank human connections?
Married/enganged people of reddit, did you ever experience signs pre marriage/ engagement that it was going to happen?
AITA for catching a new boyfriend trying to access my phone?
What do you think about the relationship between Me(23M) and my potential girlfriend(32F)?
Momma needs a break but it always backfires
10+ years married: Wife (38F) messaging back & forth with old flame without me (37m) knowing. WAT DO?!?
My (F29) SO (M35) sent an inappropriate text to his ex (F29). What's the best way for me to react to it? (See photo)
Would you be okay with your (F29) SO (M35) sending this text to their ex? (See photo)
(F20) My boyfriend (m20) (both 21 this year) of 2 1/2 years had an Onlyfans account and I don’t know what to do.
Would you be okay with your (F29) SO (M35) sending this text to their ex? (See photo)
I’m(25F) the man in the relationship. But I’m a woman and he’s(23M) a man. What do I do?
Would you be okay with your SO sending this text to their ex? (See photo)
Trying to coup with a break up 8 months later, between me (31m) and ex (31f).
(M18) I need some input on whether or not being in a relationship is really worth it.
I (27F) have developed feelings for someone (28M) who isn't ready to be in a relationship.
Girlfriend is depressed and I'm seeing old patterns I don't like
I’m(25F) the man I the relationship. But I’m a woman and he’s(23M) a man.
My (25F) tenant (30M) will NOT stop breaking terms of the lease.
Am I overreacting for leaving my boyfriend because he wants me to shave?
My (f20) friend’s boyfriend (m22) is obviously attracted to me and it’s getting to be too much
23 (f) and 21 (f) In an online relationship wanting to visit gf out of state. What do I tell my parents?
What do I (f20) do about my boyfriend (m20) of 2 1/2 years having an onlyfans account? I’m not sure how to go about it
My [24f] boyfriend [23m] just moved halfway across the country be with me. He also re-downloaded tinder.
Wife messaging back & forth with old flame without me knowing. WAT DO?!?
My[22F] sister[15] just told me that she was sexually abused by our mother's old boyfriend for 5 years and is now having a hard time at home. I want to help her but don't know how.
(24F)Was pursued by a guy(27M) for almost a decade, only to end up being 'rejected' after i accepted his proposal (even though both of us were madly in love since the beginning).
Should I(24M) send her a friend request.
Would you be cool with your boyfriend having an onlyfams account?
Anyone know where to make friends?
my (31/f) boyfriend (28/m) won’t stop masturbating
Anyone know where to make friends?
Anyone know where the hell to make friends?
my (31/f) boyfriend (28/m) won’t stop masturbating
Personal relationship with friend
Girlfriend is depressed and I'm seeing patterns I've seen before that I don't like
A reminder to be gentle with those going through this alone
Are me (24M) and my girlfriend (24F) of 3 years are on different paths?
Should I (19M) feel embarrassed for passing out in front of (21-26MF) friends?
Shy nervous girls (F21) who approach guys (M23)
23 (f) 22 (f) wanting to visit s/o, parents don't knw. What to do?
Am I wrong for leaving my boyfriend because he wants me to shave, when I don’t?
Should I (F19) be concerned that my boyfriend (M19) found this actress attractive?
My [F22] mom [F54] likes my sister [F19] more than me and it strains our relationship
My (M19) Girlfriend (F19) is thinking about getting an IUD. How would this impact our relationship?
My gf (26F) has a super high sex drive and I (26M) can’t seem to stay erect. Any suggestions to deal with this?
Husband constantly saying this like 'It's not my house; I just live here'/throwing pity parties
A reminder to be gentle with those going through this alone
Husband constantly saying 'It's not my house; I just live here'/throwing pity parties
Am I (F22) being crazy?
My gf has a super high sex drive and I can’t seem to stay erect. Any suggestions?
Fed up with husband's attitude- 'It's not my house; I just live here'
Should I (19M) feel embarrassed for passing out in front of (21-26MF) friends?
FWB with an ex, the Do’s and Do Not’s, and how to avoid catching feelings again (strictly want this to be sex only type of relationship)
22 (f) and 21 (f) visiting s/o out of state
[23F] Is it okay for my [25M] boyfriend to call/refer to other girls as hot?
FEB with an ex, the Do’s and Do Not’s and how to avoid catching feelings again (strictly want this to be sex and nothing more)
My husband's mother died today, how do I support him?
How do I (21F) handle jealousy and insecurities over my (first ever) boyfriend's (23M) ex who he was with for 7 years?
This the second time I'm thinking of leaving home
Friends with benefits guidelines and rules I should follow? And what should I do to not get attacked again?
Ex-FWB (29M) has a GF and I (25F) feel weird
[F23] Is it okay for my [M25] boyfriend to call/refer to other girls as hot?
5 years since the breakup between me (Then-m19) and my last girlfriend (then-f26), but I still get stuck in self hatred sometimes because of my actions.
I (19F) confided in my friend (19M) about trauma. He won’t talk to me now because he was offended that I asked him not to tell.
Wanting to see s/o out of state 23(F) and 21(f), worried abt parents
My (19M) S/O (19NB) constantly "teases" me and insults me and its starting to take a toll on my mental health.
I'm [30M] unsure if my GF [29F] is manipulating me
do i continue this situationship?
Wanting to see significant other out of state, worried about parents
Help...
My (22m) gf (28f) sometimes takes hours or even days to respond
Ugh idk
How do you even the load of providing for your family with your S/O when you're the main financial provider?
Me (24M) and my girlfriend (24F) of 3 years are at a crossroad
Wanting your SO during LDR and conflicted by Christian purity culture
Honest question to men: Will you ever spend 2 years talking to a girl “friend”?
My girlfriend’s parents found out we’re having sex
Honest question to men: Will you ever spend 2 years talking to a girl “friend”?
My grandpas ex-wife is dating her daughter.
Wanting your SO during a long distance relationship and Christian purity culture
Should I be hurt by my boyfriends words?
How do I (22) get my partner (23M) to take me being physically overstimuated seriously?
Does it sound like I (25F) might be getting stung along by this guy (27M)?
I (22F) feel i should breakup with my boyfriend for the best of us
If you're smart, went to a prestigious college and work in a great place, will you date a not so accomplished girl?
How do I (22M) begin to work on trauma from my last relationship and not let it affect my current one?
I (F22) feel im not capable of maintaning a relationship with my bf
I'm [36/F] anxious about messaging boyfriend [35/M]
Stupid teen has an oblivious crush?
One of my buddies (M18) says that he doesn't reach out to me (M21) because he's in bed depressed exhausted, yet he posts on his snapchat story every single day just like normal
I (22M) see coworker (28F) as sisterly and feel strange about it.
Don’t know what to do next
My bf and I settled, now our sexy life is non existent
32M having anger issues and relationship is failing with 32F wife
Not so classic after all
My bf and I both settles and out sex life sucks
Not sure what to do
Do I keep going
I [20F] went on a camping trip with my crush [20M]
I want to leave an emotionally abusive relationship but I’m unsure how to.
i (23f) think i have a fear of physical intimacy and am trying not to sabotage new relationship (22m)
Do I keep going?
32M having anger issues and relationship is failing with 32F wife
I [18F] just can't get over a lost friendship and it's getting unbearable
I (18m) just started talking to her (18f) again even though we haven’t talked in a while. Why do you think this is?
i (23f) think i am struggling with a fear of physical intimacy and am trying not to sabotage new relationship (22m)
Serious issues on both sides may lead to co parenting. I don’t know what to do or how to feel emotions again. I don’t want to lose my family.
I [18f] just can't get over a lost friendship and it's starting to get unbearable
Me and this girl started talking again but I’m not sure why
Is this a normal way to react to a lost friendship??
Love it obsession
Love it obsession
Difference between love and obsession
UPDATE : Me [29 M] with my GF [24 F] of 2 years, pretty sure she's cheating.
I'm not sure what to do anymore
I'm not sure what to do anymore.
My friend at work is ignoring me because she likes me? [24/M]
What do you actually want to hear when somebody you love passes away?
I met this girl (21) on tinder that I have a lot of common with but I’m (22m) not really attracted to
My roommate (32M) keeps trying to make me (24F) do things with him and is controlling.
I just broke up with my boyfriend who i still love
I (27f) am in the getting-to-know-you stage with a guy (27m). He’s not comfortable with me talking to other ppl but I am not sure how I feel about sticking with him
My roommate (32M) is always trying to interact and make me (26F) do things with him.
What do you actually want to hear when somebody close to you passes away?
ED or performance anxiety?
How do I express my concerns about my Hypoglycemic girlfriend's eating habits?
I (24m) need advice on ending things with my girlfriend (22f) with a history of self harm and depression.
ED or performance anxiety?
boyfriend of 1 year cheated on me 3 times and still begs for me back.
Different language relationship
How do I (F/25) tell my friend (F/24) that her crush(M/25) used to be in love with me?
In love with my roommate.
I [24M] don't know if she [21F] just wants us to be friends or more
I was assaulted and now I'm struggling to deal with the aftermath.
Boyfriend types "luv you" after years of being together
I (F22) don't know how to finally, permanently cut my dad (M43) out of my life
I (24m) need advice on how to end things with my gf (22f) of three years.
Any and all advice welcome
Really need advice
Less serious: My (29F) boyfriend (34M) tends to watch all of the shows and movies we like before I can watch them and then makes it difficult for me to watch them on my own later.
My [34m] wife [32f] (five years together) keeps promising to cook, but never does because "I'm better at it". Do I even have any options here?
My Boyfriend (31M) is Traditional and I (33F) am a Wild Child. Can we Make it Work?
Am I (F23) being overly sensitive or is my BF (M25) being an ass?
Partner [27M] supports me getting my [27F]masters or working, but not both
I feel guilty about how I "dumped" a toxic friend. I'm scared of her badmouthing me to others and scared of the judgement I'll face if I remove her off Facebook.
Doubting my relationship of over a year now.
Gf(27) wants us to buy a home and (possibly) get married. Whenever I (m26) bring up doubts about our financial ability to do so it devolves into fights and insults
Locked down with a verbally abusive partner
My (22F) EX BF (21M) keeps bugging me and is using COVID19 to string me along
How Can I get my boyfriend to initiate more text conversations?
I let a dad (50yo) borrow $1500 and my repayment was a gift.
I (20F) want to get back in touch with my ex best friend (21F), after our friendship ended horribly 2 years ago
Doubting my relationship over over a year.
My Boyfriend (M31) is Traditional and I'm (33F) am a Wild Child. Can we make it work?
Locked down with a verbally abusive partner
(25M) Boyfriend thinks buying a house together is too much of a commitment. (27F)
I let a parent borrow $1500 and my repayment was a gift.
I figured out why our relationship was so tense and now I need some advice
Doubting my relationship of over a year.
Locked down with a verbally abusive partner
First big fight is leaving me (34F) uncertain of what to do next with my boyfriend (36M)
My (22F) ex boyfriend (24M) is telling our friends I was abusive
I (31F) think this quarantine has made uncomfortable feelings for my married roommate (30M) come out. What can I do?
[30F] Is it fair to give up on love if you still can't even get dudes to talk to you, let alone treat you right?
My (F 22) ex boyfriend (M 24) is telling our friends I was abusive
I (20M) been thinking of breaking up with my first time girlfriend (23F).
I received an old love letter and don't know what to do
Me (f28) and my husband (m25) don't see eye to eye on when it's a good time to relax
I (28F) feel like my boyfriend (32M) was disrespecting me for constantly asking for money. What do you think?
constantly on edge while in relationship
I (25M) am afraid to pursue this girl, because she is strongly out of my league
[25F][29M] Boyfriend can’t handle taking a short break from the relationship.
I feel like my gf doesn’t love me anymore, I don’t do enough.
I feel very Hypersexualized
Drug Addict Boyfriend
The story will be kinda long but I really need some good advices so please read this guys..
I (26 M) don't know how to continue with my relationship with my (25 F) girlfriend
Should I (20F) reach out to a former high school classmate/date (20M)?
How to handle a young child with behavioral issues?
Drug Addict Boyfriend
Are these fair or overbearing rules for me [18M] going to college?
Are these fair or overbearing rules for me going to college?
Lack of sexual desire
My (19F) boyfriend (26m) wont stop giving our pet's inappropriate food
Trouble in paradise
My (21M) letter to my SO (21F) that I thought was going to be the one
I (27/f) feel like I never feel anything for the "good guys," and always fall for the "bad guys" before I notice they're not right for me...
Boyfriends mom made snarky comments and pissed me off
My (29M) girlfriend (24F) gives me little attention, but wants me to give her all of mine.
Boyfriend’s mom made snarky comments and pissed me off
My boyfriend of almost 7 years (m36) tells me (m27) off for taking too long getting ready for sex.
My family thinks I clean the house with my own urine?
I (F26) started talking to my “Instagram crush” (F20) from an old reality show and now I feel weird about it
How can I (F33) keep things peaceful at home between bf (M30), our toddler (3) and myself
My family thinks I clean the house with my own urine?
I feel Hypersexualized
Girl (20F) has a crush on my (30F) husband (32M) and it hurts
How do personality traits affect subjective perceptions of infidelity?
I(25) asked my crush (23) to block me and I immediately regretted it. Should I regret it? Or was my action partially correct?
Should I be concerned that I don't have as much dating experience as him?
Should I be concerned that I don't have as much dating experience as him?
My [26M] girlfriend [25F] doesn't talk to me when she's with her family
My(M26) Gf(29) Spends money on dumb shit and it causes arguments. What do I do.
My boyfriend of almost 7 years (m36) tells me (me27) off for taking too long getting ready for sex.
Is there anything I can do about a once friend (26F) who lurks me (25F) and my network online obsessively?
(19F) had a huge fight with my parents about my boyfriend (19M) and now they won't talk to me.
Scared I’m losing a chance with a great guy
I(28m) noticed her(24f) engagement ring box when cleaning
Self-care to cure overwhelming thoughts of ugliness?
27M Dont like vorrupting my 29F girlfriend, is this common?
27M i dont like 'corrupting' my girlfriend 29F via sex. Is this common?
Roommate issue...
Bf is more affectionate with his dog than me. Normal?
Roommate issue.
I (M,22) don't trust women and I am afraid
Troubles with gaining weight, gf don't understand.
I(19M)Realizing how physical & shallow my relationship is with my girlfriend(18F)
I (M,23) do not trust women and I am afraid
(19F) had a huge fight with my parents about my boyfriend (19M) and now they won't talk to me.
My (28f) boyfriend and I (30m) had a fight yesterday, I'm not sure if I my reaction was... justified.
Boyfriend needed space but am I overreacting
I (20F) don't want to call the police on my father (55M) but mom thinks I am not taking initiative
How to stop feeling insecure over my girlfriend laughing a lot with another guy? (23M) (22F)
Any men dating an older woman?
Does she [28F] want me [21M] to stop texting her?
Am I [27F] being unfair to my partner [29M]?
I (28M) need some time to work through deep-rooted trauma and it may mean the end of my marriage (27F)
Am I [27F] being unfair to my partner [29M]?
My sister [19F] hates me [21F] for literally no reason, I need insight on how to repair the relationship.
Does taking a break work? (F20) (M23)
Does taking a break actually work? F(20) M(23)
(24M) unsure about long term relationship with (23F)
Why cheat
I [23M] Am Upsetting My [24F] GF And Feel I'm Sabotaging Our Relationship
I 24(f) need help with neighbor ?(m) and his dog f(about 7 or 8)
5 year age gap?!
I need help with my [25F] relationship and knowing what went wrong.
How can I (21F) help my boyfriend’s (26M) insecurities about his penis size?
Recently I found out my [32 M] wife [32 F] likes to watch porn with big boobs, is this common among women?
Help me not be a nag
I [23M] Am Upsetting both my [24F] GF over Small things, how do I stop?
Do you’ve a friend in your life you don’t like?
How can I (21F) make my boyfriend (26M) feel better about his penis size?
I [32M] started dating someone [24F] during the quarantine, now she's unreachable despite us both having a great time
I'm feeling guilty for moving on quickly
Do you’ve a friend in your life you don’t like or don’t want to be friends with?
Girl I like suddenly gone cold on me
My boyfriend (34M) just dumped me (30F). I don't quite understand the real mistakes here
Recently I found out my [32 F] wife [32 M] likes to watch porn with big boobs, is this common among women?
Girl I like suddenly stopped texting me as much since meeting new online friends
Me [28f] trying to Romance the [29m] fiancee during the 'Rona
My boyfriend (34M) just dumped me (30F). I don't quite understand the real mistakes here
Does anyone else become a different person when in a serious Relationship?
Does anyone else become an entirely different person in a relationship?
Recently I found out my [32 F] wife [32 M] likes to watch porn with big boobs, is this common among women?
I (26M) don't know if my new SO (25F) is that in to me.
Does anyone else become an entirely different person when in a relationship?
I (23F) dont know if I should reach out to a friend (30M) whos suddenly stopped talking to me without jeopardizing my relo?
I [19F] don’t know how to tell if I still love my girlfriend [18F].
My (20f) bestfriend (20m) and I argue all the time and I don't know what to do
Is this bad news?
Help! I’m pregnant to my Ex’s cousin who lives interstate!!
Is it cheating?
Ex Boyfriend proposed and now I’m not sure if it’s worth fighting for
I thought I was doing the right thing and now my relationship is in jeopardy
(F36) Why Modern Relationships Fail?
I tried to the right thing and now my relationship is in jeopardy
Am I kidding myself? Is it already over?
[Serious] Why Modern Relationships Fail.
I tried to do the right thing and now my relationship is in jeopardy...once again.
Why Modern Relationships Fail.
Help me understand this..
How to stop being insecure and jealous (M20) with my GF (20F)
Guy I'm dating (31M) doesn't text me (27M) very often, am I just being insecure?
Ex bf is back in my life. What to do? Advice? Someone to talk to
Ex bf is back in my life. Advice or someone to talk to?
How Do I Make My Girlfriend Feel Better
I (M22) lied to my GF (F22) about not being a virgin. 7 months later I confronted her about it.
I lied to my GF about not being a virgin. 7 months later I confronted her about it.
Boyfriend is uncomfortable with my weight loss
I Made My GF Feel Really Bad
Ex boyfriend’s older brother (29/m) clearly expressed interest in me (25/f) (getting to know each other more, hooking up, etc.)?
I (mid20s M) am questioning the longevity of the relationship with my partner (mid20s F) - we have been together for 5+ years.
How do I (M20) move the conversation into a more sexual direction?
I don't know what to do to make my girlfriend feel better...
Who is really in the wrong here?
(F37) Girlfriend Dumped Me (M28)
GF (F37) Dumped Me (M28) - How to Heal?
Girlfriend doesn't give me space?
How do I deal with feelings of grief about the time I was lonely and isolated (31F)?
Me (28) my boyfriend (27) lied about deleting all his ex girlfriends pictures including nudes and s*x video.
Was I overreacting or was my boyfriend being too defensive in this argument?
Ex spreading lies about me and the relationship to a point of getting "harrased" online.
What is good or healthy communication? M24 & f22
Ex spreading rumors and lies to a point of people "harrasing" me online
Girlfriend doesn't give me space after arguments?
I don’t know how to get my bf to believe me about a weird coincidence.
I'm(21F) comparing my new bf(21M) to my ex(21M) all the time
How do I (40sF) deal with my employee’s (late 20sF) constant questions about unrelated topics?
I (25/M) have been dumped (for want of a better word) by 25/F who I’d been speaking to everyday for nearly 2 months
My recent girlfriend is going for lunch with a guy she met after me.. is this ok?
Am I (20F) being too hasty in wanting to break up with my boyfriend?
My girlfriend is messing with my head (unintentionally?) Am I just paranoid?
Was he [M/21] just trying to hookup with me [F/21]?
Am I [18M] wrong for fighting with my sister’s [20F] boyfriend [19M] who I hate?
I (21F) have been dating a pretty great guy (24 M) f but developed an inferiority complex as a result, what should I do?
I think I've fallen for my fwb (please no judgement)
Am I (20F) being too hasty in wanting to break up with my boyfriend (21M)?
How do I start a conversation about our rapidly deteriorating sex life (f29) (m29)
(30m)(27f) Fiancé has shown really abusive tendencies, but is nice to me if I don’t get upset - wondering if it’s my fault.
Think I've fallen for my fwb (please no judgement)
i (f20) didnt take my boyfriend (m20) seriously about something small, upset him and don’t know how to fix it.
I (f27) feel like I'm close to giving up on my relationship with my bf (m25), what should I do?
I (21F) feel inferior to my boyfriend (25 M). How did you deal with an inferiority complex in a relationship?
Didn’t believe my boyfriend (m19) about something small and now i (f19) upset him.
My [23F] boyfriend [30M] calls me weird, should I feel worried?
Is it alright if I’m [23m] a bad texter?
Who should I talk to?
My [20F] boyfriend [25M] plays video games as late as 5am-6am and he doesn’t care that it keeps me awake.
My [20F] boyfriend [25M] plays video games until after 5am and it keeps me from sleeping.
I [23F] contacted my ex [22M]after 4.5 months
A good friend of mine (M17) is trying to make fun of myself (M17) in a pretty bad way
Had a nice chat with an embalmer. I asked her if she ever gets scared of what she does.
Bf (20m) is bad at showing me (20f) affection
Should I contact my ex?
Bf (20m) is bad at showing me (19f) affection
Should I forgive him or is there no hope in this relationship?
Is this rape/sexual abuse?
My sort of ex(M22) and I(23F) started seeing/hooking up again but I don’t understand his intentions.
Am I being stupid for staying or can we work this out?
Why is she looking at me?
Did he just want sex from me or something more
How to deal with the threat of indefinite long distance?
Stupid teen having a crush, and I’m worried on how oblivious she is?
LDR break up ... TL;DR infidelity???
BF (22M) cheated on me (21F) online, trying to let it go
I (26F) am going crazy in my relationship with my BF(28M). Should I leave(?) the relationship and all of our good times just because he is such a bad communicator in arguments? Or am I overreacting? Help
Should I break up with my boyfriend because of my mental health?
I (26F) am going crazy in my relationship with my BF(28M). Should I leave(?) the relationship and all of our good times just because he is such a bad communicator in arguments? Or am I overreacting? Help
How to deal with overly sensitive gf
Return of a strange hs classmate who my friends bullied, help
Male fantasies
Games For Couples to Test Out Relationships
I (M26) haven't seen my girlfriend (F24) since before lockdown! How are you coping with not seeing your partner during lockdown?
(18M) Feels like my relationship is slowly dying with my girlfriend (18F)
Me (26f) frustrated he (27m) pees the bed when he drinks.
I (M26) haven't seen my girlfriend (F24) since before lockdown! How are you coping with not seeing your partner during lockdown?
Me [34 F] with my BF [42 M] 9 months, rollercoaster
How are you coping not seeing your partner during lockdown?
Me [34 F] with my on-off bF [42 M] 9 months, rollercoaster
His actions and words are confusing
I (19F) asked for privacy from my parents (48F/51M)
Me [34 F] with my on-off boyfriend [42 M] 9 months, roller-coaster
How do I [26F] break up with fling [27M] without going back on my words?
My ex boyfriend(25M) who I’m still messing with (22F) is insecure but I want it to work
Boyfriend [22M] and I [24F] are having serious relationship troubles during lockdown. I’m wondering if there’s an ethical way for me to get away for a week or so during the pandemic?
My GF [26F] and I [24M] just moved in and keep arguing
I'm (21F) a little uncomfortable with my husbands (24M) online friend
My girlfriend [26F] and i [24M] recently moved in together and we cant find that rythm. Thus fighting often.
Am I [16M] in the wrong for breaking my friend’s [16F] trust?
Boyfriend(23M) and I (22F) play different videogames.
Asking my(M24) gf(24) for nude photos but im worried she will get mad.
Poured in too much now I'm worried
Was he just looking to hookup with me or wanted something more
Is it possible to get my [30/M] friends back after being somewhat abusive?
Boyfriend(24M) and I(22F) play different games.
Is sex important to people?
My boyfriend and I play different games
Asking my gf for nudes
My boyfriend (20) said he wanted break and later found him using Tinder and sending snaps.
My 22(m) girlfriend 22f(f) had to move home due to school being finished, need some advice on how to handle it
My sister [21F] has been dating her boyfriend [21M] for a year and a half and things haven’t gotten better, I don’t know what to tell her anymore.
Monthly Madness In My Head Because of My best friend
My 22(f) girlfriend who I 22(m) met at school in Ontario moved across Canada back home after finishing
Why would an old flame (26m) periodically reach out to me (30f) if he knows I’m engaged?
My [21 M] Mother [52 F] Is Unusually Controlling Towards Others, What Can I Do?
Why would an old flame (26m) periodically reach out to me (30f) even though I am engaged?
I [22M] am worried about my relationship. She[22F] always want me to talk to her.
[F18] having trouble moving on from my gf [F21] of 5 months after being broken up for a few months now
Why would an old flame (26m) periodically reaching out to me (30f) even though he is aware I’m engaged?
Trouble moving on
[F21] My boyfriend [22] and I have been together for 7 years and we initially moved in because I had nowhere to go. Is breaking up with him in the future the right thing to do?
Girl likes me but isn’t ready
Do I [25F] spend too much time with my new [26M] boyfriend?
I [24F] am deeply in love with my boyfriend [28M], but he can’t hold a conversation on creative or cultural topics, and I crave a deeper mental connection with him
I need advice on some friends 🐍🐍🐍
I need advice about some friends 🐍 🐍🐍
Need Advice on Building Close Friendships
I (33M) was the wrong one, now she's (32F) moving on and I'm hurting. Am I wrong for having feelings? - Long post
My(14M) mom caught my dad cheating. I dont know what to do.
My girlfriend (Trans F 28) just broke up with me (F 20) because she’s struggling with her health and sexuality
Need Help Building Close Friendships
(30m) losing attraction to (35f] gf
Getting over my best friend
I (30m) have lost attraction to my (35f) gf
How do you heal from a breakup? (F20)
People of Reddit
Friends who constantly say “I’m entitled to my opinion”
I (20F) need advice on whether I’m being too attached with my (20M) fiancé in the Army
Made friends with a couple over a year ago. She's very sweet but short on patience with him, and seems to cringe when he touches her. He's the nicest, funniest guy you would ever meet, but having problems keeping a job. 3 in 8 months, theyve been married over 30 years. What am I missing ?
My (28M) Friend (23M) attempted to have sex with my our friend's (25M) ex (24F) a few days after they had broken up.
My (28M) Friend (23M) attempted to have sex with my our friend's (25M) ex (24F) a few days after they had broken up.
My mother does not apologize, and I can not forgive her.
My mother (58) never apologizes
I (22F) am going to move in with my bf (21M) very soon. I just want some advice.
I (20F) need advice on whether I’m being too attached with my (20M) fiancé in the Army
Why is 32M acting distant all of a sudden ? 23F
I (18F) just got into my dream uni, should I go?
Even tho some couples engage in tickle fights just for fun, for some of you couples does part of the fun sometimes include jokingly competitively teasing each other that the other person is more ticklish than them?
I (18F) just got into my dream uni. should i go?
I don't know what so say to my bestfriend's ex to make him leave her alone so she can heal and get over him
I like someone but I don’t know if their too attractive for me
I (16M) and my other friends who are both the same age got into a heated argument with another friend who’s (17M) but don’t know how to feel.
My boyfriend says he’s not attracted sexually anymore just emotionally? Should I be worried?
Very lonely but also in a relationship
I think I pushed away my friends
My (32m) girlfriend (32f) wants to get married, but I am not comfortable. We have had 2 years off and on.
I continue to talk to my abusive, alcoholic ex even though I don’t want a future with him
Why is the guy I’m seeing 32M being distant? I’m 23 F
People who constantly have to remind you of their opinion, knowing already that you disagree
Don't know how to stop feeling hurt after being cheated on. Me (23f) and my boyfriend (24m) of 4 years
Should I tell my ex (24M) that I (25F) still have feelings for them even if their family doesn’t approve of us?
How should I handle this situation with a friend
My period hasn't started yet
Haven't started my period yet
How should I handle this situation with a good friend.
Why is he distant?
Boyfriend troubles
Boyfriend troubles
Help with an ex
Help with ex
I [M18] laughed when my mum [F34] died, and now my family hates me. I don’t know what to do or how to apologise.
My [31M] girlfriend [29F] has revealed she had a threesome in her past, even though she told she hadn’t before. Should I be mad at her for lying?
Who can I be for you?
I (M21) can't tell if my housemate likes me (F21) and I don't know how to find out without things getting awkward.
My [42M] wife [35F] is obsessed with a TV show
I (16M) and my other friends who are both the same age got into a heated argument with another friend who’s (17M) but don’t know how to feel.
I [24F] am really bad about replying to people, and it’s having a negative effect on my relationship with others
I (18F) need advice.
Out of the loop with relationships
I [27F] have been in a LDR with [35M] for one year. Relationship can only continue if I move. What’s the right thing to do?
Gf(27) wants us to buy a home and (possibly) get married. Whenever I (m26) bring up doubts about our financial ability to do so it devolves into fights and insults
Here I go again on my own
How to help a sweet college girl (how to befriend her too)?
Gf(27) wants us to buy a home and (possibly) get married when I (m26) bring up doubts about our financial ability to do so, it devolves to fights and insults
"I am at a loss for what to do about my (F23) partner (M28) who refuses to communicate with me
Did he [M/21] just want sex with me [F/21]?
Should I (25m) end it through a letter? (22f)
He’s too obsessed with my hair and says horrible things about black women
What do you do when you’re still hung up?
How do I respond to people I work with asking how old I am?
Should I (25m) send this letter? (22f)
I’m in love with someone who can’t love me back, and won’t make an effort to try.
[F 19] Frustrated on the lack of communication between younger adults these days...
I(21f) and my fiancee (23f) are moving to another state together, but I have feelings for my best friend.
Using the internet to cope with the end of a relationship
My girlfriend broke up with me because "its not the same"
My girlfriend and I have been dating for around 6 months, and she broke up with me
Using the internet to cope with the end of a relationship.
Her (18F) breakup text left me (18M) feeling like shit
My girlfriend broke up with me recently because "its not the same"
Missed connections?
I (18M) Feel like im the the wrong all the time is it normal?
Me (22) having second thought about the relationship with my GF(22). Sorry for long post :)
A girl I asked on a date that I am really close with doesn’t seem to show interest back but in a strange way
UPDATE: I (22F) caught my boyfriend of a year (23M) stealing from me
Husband Doesn't Seem Interested in Sex Anymore
Concerned that my boyfriend of 9 years is a big kid and not a man? please help!
I (18F) am upset with my boyfriend (18M) because he didn't defend me during a disagreement with one of our mutual friends
Girlfriend seemed 'off' and left me on read while continuing to interact in a group chat. She then got back to me later. Any reason why at all? (23M) (22F)
I (26M) don't want to keep in contact with my step family now that my mom (68F) has passed.
Should I tell my ex I miss her?
I'm [36/F] anxious about my boyfriend [35/M] not visiting.
How Do I (M29) Support a Woman Shutting Down From Anxiety? (F28)
My Uncle is depressed
My (22F) boyfriend (27M) and I are long distance and I’m struggling with the uncertainty right now.
My (22F) boyfriend (27M) and I are long distance and I’m struggling with the uncertainty right now.
Should I (20m) stay loyal?
Lost connection
My uncle's story
I just confessed something to my partner
Loneliness
A confession
Serial cheating ex boyfriend (M 23) got engaged—what am I (M 21) feeling?
How to stay loyal in a relationship?
UPDATE: I (22F) caught my boyfriend of a year (23M) stealing from me
Advice on a relationship that has been influenced by family
Serial cheating ex boyfriend got engaged—what am I feeling?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
Having a biological family with a partner who has mental illness?
GF accused me of cheating but I’ve not
Falling asleep goes wrong
My SO (23M) said that he's less attracted to me since I've (23F) gained weight?
All my friends are acting estranged these days..
My (F 23) mother (63) got a new puppy when my girlfriend (f26) has been wanting one for a long time
My SO (23M) said that he feels a little less attracted to me since I've (23F) gained weight?
I don’t even want to post this.
All friends have become estranged these days..
Is it selfish to have a biological family with a partner who is schizoaffective?
How do I (22M) get my girlfriend (22F) to stop her anxious habit?
GF (22F) claims I (25M) don’t put in “enough” effort
How to move on from the one I love the most when they didn't even gave an explanation?
GF (22F) claims I (25M) don’t put in “enough” effort
How to move on?
Ex(0) texted me(0) saying she has corona
I know it’s not healthy and I don’t even want to post this.
Ex texted she has corona
How to move on during quarantine?
How do you handle your friends constant stream of loser boyfriends?
Any podcasts/books you recommend for communication advice within a romantic partnership?
How do I (22M) get my girlfriend (22F) to stop her anxious habit?
Feeling numb
Who can I be for you?
Broke up with my bf of 6 years as his friend kissed me.
How do I break up with my boyfriend? (f/18 m/20)
Am I an asshole for telling my fiancee that she doesn't try enough with her own homework/exams with and without my help?
My [24F] partner [25M] of 5 years is much closer with his family than I am with mine.
Ex texted to say she has Corona
Boyfriend's friend kissed me and it lead to me breaking up with my boyfriend of 6 years.
I think this is toxic but I don’t want to leave
Leos vs. Cancers
Is this toxic ? Or can I keep trying to stay?
I [19F] lead on men and then ghosted them when I realised I wasn't ever really attracted to them
What does my girlfriend's reactions mean after she saw intimate photos of her and an old fling? We are deep in our relationship but I want to understand what this means.
I am thinking this is toxic at this point and am not sure what to do.
Is it okay to ask people why they like you?
My (F/25) boyfriend’s (M/30) ex girlfriend’s family won’t let us alone and her father just posted multipe couple pictures of them.
My(30f) gf(30m) has dating sites in her junk mail
People in open relationships, how does it work with having other partners?
Why is it so hard for women to say “i’m not interested”
I’m too scared to let my boyfriend eat me out
My(31m) gf (30f) is getting junk mail from dating sites
Anyone dating other people while in an open relationship. How does that work?
Is it wrong to text my girlfriend if we are taking a break from each other?
Funny Science Boy (27M) and I (27F) "Just Friends" since Age 16
Is it wrong to text my girlfriend if we are taking a break from each other?
My (21f) boyfriend (26m) talks to women on Facebook that he doesn't add.
My GF [20/F] doesn't say she has a boyfriend to guys, I [21/M], I don't know what to do
How do I [20f] cut off one toxic friend [20f] from a group
Feeling betrayed
How do I [20f] cut off one toxic friend [20f] from a group
Girlfriends Ex Thinks He Can Steal Her Back
My GF [20/F] doesn't say she has a boyfriend to guys, I [21/M]. I do not understand why
How to cut off just one toxic friend from a group of 5
How do I break up with my boyfriend? (F/18 M/20)
Girlfriends Ex Thinks He Can Steal Her Back
Betrayed
Am I Smothering This Guy While He's in Inpatient Psychiatric Care?
My (30f) fiance(30m) May have been born with fetal alcohol syndrome and I’m not sure if I should tell him.
I (f23) think my fiance (m32) is under-reacting, my fiance thinks I'm overreacting. Where do I go from here?
my mother and i argue everyday. it’s affecting my mental health a lot.
Just curious 🤔
Me [17F] My BF [19M] -- Boyfriend's past lover, thoughts?
Right age to get married
Am I selfish for wanting a little effort from my now-fiance???
Same Old Stuff
I am at a loss for what to do about my (F23) partner (M28) who refuses to communicate with me
My SO (20f) squashed me (babym) in a dream (GONE WRONG)
Boyfriend's past lover
Advice on breaks?
Boyfriend's past lover
Gf watching porn right after sex
GF watching porn right after sex
How to start again
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] keeps comparing me to his ex-girlfriend.
Girlfriends has strict parents and i noticed im much more clingy
How to start again
A good friend of mine (M17) is trying to make fun of myself (M17) in a pretty bad way
My [25M] girlfriend [27F] keeps bringing up me joining her family’s phone plan. I don’t want to at this point and it’s leading to arguments.
My [27F] boyfriend [27M] still compares me to his ex-girlfriend.
my mother and i argue everyday. it’s making my mental illness even worse.
My GF (20f) squashed me (toddlerm) in her dreams (GONE WRONG) (ANGIES)
Girlfriend won’t answer phone calls during emergencies
My [M24] Friend [M18] has a long distance date relationship [M33]
How to start a conversation about our rapidly deteriorating sex life (29f) and (29m)
A good friend of mine intentionally tries to make fun of myself in a pretty bad way
My [25M] girlfriend [27F] is more consistently demanding that I move to her and her families’ phone bill to save money, but I just don’t feel comfortable with it.
Am I (23F) overreacting to ungrateful and stingey houesmates?
My ex (20M) included me (20F) in one of his Tinder photos?
Is it worth the fight
I feel so alone
My (27f) boyfriend (32m) is a narcissist and I’m becoming unsatisfied in our relationship. Should I stick it out or rekindle things with my ex (28m)?
My [18F] two closest friends [18M, 19NB] kept their relationship a secret and it has ruined our friendship, what do I do?
Boyfriend[M-26] of 1.5 years wants to join bank accounts? pros and cons?
Confused about ex boyfriends intentions
Broke up up with my degrading boyfriend and having trouble coping
Tendency to get bored of sex with the same person over a period of time (1 year+)
I [27F] told someone that I loved them and they [53M] won't say it back.
why did he (22m) deny my (20f) follow request
Broke up with my boyfriend and I don’t know how to cope
Tendency to get bored of sex with the same person over a period of time (1 year+)
Need advice. I hate myself!
why did he (22m) decline my (20f) my follow request
My (27f) boyfriend (32m) is a narcissist and I’m now losing attraction to him. Is it worth staying together or should I try to rekindle things with my ex (28m)?
Should I (25F) move on from him (29M)?
I love him so deeply and I don't know what to do anymore
She likes to be chased....
My(25f) husband(27m) yelled at me for burning dinner.
I (22M) have had multiple sexual relationships, but feel I have no experience
I (22M) have had multiple sexual relationships, but feel I have no experience
Sleeping over my bfs house while living with mom
Stopping in the middle of sex
Please Help??
Relationship(?) Break up
I (26M) am in a new relationship and can't tell if she (25F) is that in to me.
I’m scared I’m becoming codependent...
We broke up but now we're back together and I(20F) found that he(24M) texted his ex a day before we got back together. I don't know what I should do.
I’m (23f) struggling with my housemate (27m) during lockdown, is there anything I can do?
I(23F) am unsure if he(26M) is manipulating me
Funny Science Boy (27M) and I (27F) "Just Friends" since Age 17
My (21f) boyfriend (26m) talks to women that he won't add on Facebook.
I (23F) can't tell if he (26M) is manipulating me
I’m (23f) struggling with my housemate (26m) during lockdown
Tik Tok is ruining my relationship (rant)
What should I do
I (M21) am going to break up with my SO (22F) at some point in the next few days/weeks. Should I just do it sooner rather than later?
Should I (F21) be upset that I’m not my boyfriend’s (M28) type?
Me [32M] with my friends [28F] of 15 years, we helped her deal with her ex, and told him to stay away, he then attempted suicide.
What is your opinion on your significant other following lewd Instagram accounts of the opposite sex?
worried if my gf will break up
Anyone else dream of their ex?
Shy nervous girls (F21) who approach guys (M23)
My boyfriend[26] wants to join bank accounts to prove he’s all in. I[26] don’t see the need to because we’re both financially stable. What is he trying to accomplish with this?
my (24f) crush (22m) completely misunderstood a message and now it's painfully awkward
Living with ANYONE is hard
How can I help my boyfriend as the lockdown ruins his life?
I have been depressed, and accidentally overwhelmed my only friend. What can I do to make them feel comfortable?
Guy I was seeing acting so cold all of a sudden
I (F20) forbade my bf (M20) from talking to my sister (F21)
Advice surrounding monogamy / open relationships but maybe larger issues?
Struggling with housemate during lockdown
I (F25) am questioning how to get over feeling uncomfortable with my SO's (M28) friendship with his roommate's girlfriend (F24)
Living with ANYONE is hard
I (F29) would like my boyfriend (M29) of 2 years to move in with me but he is unable to pay rent as he still has to pay rent at his own place
I (M26) pushed my gf (25) in an argument and now iv an assault charge on myself and my whole world's crumbling.
Can’t tell if it’s and excuse or if he’s really struggling
This quarantine made me think of my first relationship and how it could been so much better if I picked the right one out of the two
Nervous shy girls (F21) who approach guys (M23)
I [22F] dated my boyfriend for a year [22 M] and we ended up doing long distance, broke up because of it --- TLDR - need help moving on
How long do you wait?
I(F) don't know how to go about meeting and getting to know the person I'm seeing's(M) daughter(2yo) in the best way possible.
Reigniting the Flame
Is it unreasonable of me(F/29) to expect my boyfriend(M/30) to not spend 9 hours a day playing video games?
Would like to move in with boyfriend but he is unable to pay rent as he still has to pay rent at his own place
My [26M] Girlfriend [26F] refuses to talk to me until I apologise for playing on the PS4 with my group of friends all day, although even admitting that this never happens and it was a one off due to everyone being online. Am I in the wrong or am I right to stand my ground here?
Friend talks about her boobs
How do you have sex without getting attached?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]? I’m confused
Nervous shy girls who approach guys
Reigniting the Flame
How do you have sex without getting attached?
My toxic ex boyfriend
What can I (24F) do to support my younger brother (18M) to make better choices? My mom (49F) is planning to kick him out and cut off his college tuition, after he had a girl (?F) over during quarantine.
Advice surrounding monogamy / open relationships but maybe larger issues?
My parents lack boundaries and give unsolicited opinions about my choices
I (21M) don't want to tell my GF (22F) about an academic achievement
Me (16m) wants to get with someone I knows ex (17f)
I wanna get with my friends ex and I’m not sure how bad of situation it’s gonna be for me I don’t mind if it does but I do at the same time but I really like the girl
I am worried for our relationship...
I am in a not very good situation
My BF (25M) is feeling insecure about himself due to my (26F) loss of libido
I (19F) am sick and tired of my mum (45F) getting used willingly and hearing her complain to me all the time
I (33,F) Need advice from about relationship with husband (41,m)
My parents lack boundaries and give unsolicited opinions about my choices
My [27F] roommate [26F] tells people she's a nurse; She isn't
I (22M) need advice on a relationship with a (22F).
I (21m) am afraid to tell my gf (22f) about an academic achievement
Is it?
I (F19) told my fwb (M29) that I was sleepy when we were making out and it turned him off
I (17M) fell in love with my potential stepsister (18f) and I'm fucked
Bf (24M) won't stop antagonizing my (23F) dog (6F)
I (M26) got into a heated argument with my fiancee (25) and pushed her, was arrested for assault and now feel like my whole world is crumbling around me.
Argument with my spouse turned physical.
Thinking a lot about my ex and not living my life in the moment
Thinking a lot about my ex and not living my life in the moment
Why is my ex’s family “hurt” by our breakup? What does that even mean?
Thinking a lot about ex and not living my life in the moment
My [22 M] girlfriend [21 F] broke up with me recently and it has been a mess. I just need advice on my situation. We dated for 1 year and 4 months.
Argument turned physical with my partner and I'm at a loss.
My (22M) brother (13M) is too close and to my mom and i feel like I'm overreacting
Me[29M] and my Girlfriend having issues [30F] after a 1 year, Money is the Problem
Why i keep pushing girls when they show interest
My 21 year old boyfriend can’t be serious when I need him to
Me[29M] and my Girlfriend having issues [30F] after a 1 year, Money is the Problem
Sad that my gf still talks to her ex
My partner's (GN,27) dog is contributing to my (F,27) gradual breakdown
Me[29M] and my Girlfriend having issues [30F] after a 1 year, Money is the Problem
He’s in close contact with his ex-fling...
I'm Lost and Depressed Because I (20 y/o) Helped Him Cheat (33 y/o)
My boyfriend (21) can’t seem to take things I (22,F) have to say seriously?
I hooked up with someone while broken up with my current bf
I hooked up with someone while broken up with my current bf
Sincerely, confused.
35 M4F everywhere, USA, essential worker, I've got nothin'
What do I do
Mom is depressed and drinking every night... how can I cope?
My[18M] girlfriend[18F] just dumped me. Any words of wisdom?
My boyfriend has no sex drive and it's killing my self-esteem
Why am I so stupid
My Husband Abruptly Left
I (23F) found an open page on my dad's (55M) phone and I don't know whether to tell my mom (54f)
My boyfriend has no sex drive and it's killing my self-esteem
What do I do
My(35M) fiance(34F) is amazing, *except* for when she's upset and she turns into a different person.
Am I [F,21] Smothering My Friend While He's in Inpatient Psychiatric Care?
I feel so guilty, how to get over this?
I feel so guilty, how to get over this?
My boyfriend told me I was ruining his birthday week
I am jealous of my boyfriend's past with other partners. What's wrong with me?
What can I[f/26] do for grieving grandparents [f/m mid 80s]?
How much responsibility do I (20sF) have to my husband (20M) to "be attractive"
My(34) fiance(33) is amazing except for when she's upset.
BF (34M) says it makes him uncomfortable when I (25F) don’t wear underwear
Advice on calling my boyfriend my "husband" and my daughter calling him "stepdad" even though we're not married.
I (23F) found an open page on my dad's (55M) phone and I don't know whether to tell my mom (54f)
My parents and I are unable to get along no matter how hard either of us try
[Serious] Girl I like was a homewrecker
Who should apologise?
[Serious] Girl I like was a homewrecker
He told me I was ruining his birthday week
I [22F] dated my boyfriend for a year [22 M] and we ended up doing long distance, broke up because of it --- TLDR - need help moving on
My [86F] grandmother can not understand that she just killed her dog by neglect and is harassing me [34F] and my mom [66F] CONSTANTLY about getting her other dog back
My [86F] grandmother can not understand that she just killed her dog by neglect and is harassing me [34F] and my mom [66F] CONSTANTLY about getting her other dog back
I need advice! When is the time when you stop trying?
Is there any interest? Me (20M) the girl (20F)
did i (19f) go to far with this guy (20m) i'm talking to?
I (30F) have been having doubts in my relationship with BF (30M)
did i (19f) go too far with this guy (20m) i'm talking to?
I (27m) exposed my ex's past to his new boyfriend
Am I being obsessive over my boyfriend?
I (30F) have been having doubts in my relationship with BF (30M)
(27F) ghosted by my bf (26M)
A tender moment
My boyfriend of a year doesn’t know if he likes me enough to stay with me 2.0
I [19M] am getting affected by my best friend's [21F] emotionally abusive relationship with her boyfriend [26M]. Also, I am in love with her.
Am I being obsessive over my boyfriend?
Need Advice
Left hanging
I [20's/f] ruined my relationship for something not enjoyable, what should I do?
There is this guy
I [26F] haven't slept over at Boyfriend's [30M] house in 6 months?
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my F/21] pants?
I [15M] found my girlfriend’s [15F] fake instagram account were she follows his ex
What is it like being in a relationship?
My (19F) girlfriend (23F) always asks for space when facing conflict, even when small. I am confused if it is her way to not talk to me as punishment or she needs to regain her energy.
I don't think I want to be with my husband anymore
I don't think I want to be with my husband
UPDATE: My boyfriend of a year doesn’t know if he likes me enough to stay with me
My girlfriend (34MtF) and I (30M) are self-isolating together due to Covid-19, but I'm not happy in the relationship and think we need to break up. I don't know how to proceed or talk to her about it.
My ex (26 M) and I (27 F) fight daily
UPDATE: My boyfriend of a year doesn’t know if he likes me enough to stay with me
My boyfriend(26) of 1.5 years offered to join bank accounts to show he’s all in. We both are financially stable and i don’t see the need to. I trust him but how does he benefit and how will i?
UPDATE: My boyfriend of a year doesn’t know if he likes me enough to stay with me
anxiety and insecurity while in a "relationship?" ( I really need advice, because I don't really know how to handle this situation)
Me [31 M] with my wife [29 F] of 5 years, our toddler swallowed her iPhone
I [15M] found my girlfriend’s [15F] fake instagram account were she follows his ex
Me and my Fiance can't have constructive arguments. See my opinion below.
I can't see my relationship clearly, just need help getting some perspective.
Why do we fall in love
My boyfriend looks at naked girls pictures, can I post pictures too?
Me [32F] with my boyfriend [38M] of 3 years, I am pregnant and he does not want the baby, need advice.
do i text him?
I feel so lost and left in the dark
I (21F) dont know embrace my boyfriend's (21M) hidden issues
People of Reddit, how did it end with your ex, and what did you learn from the relationship with them?
PLEASE MAKE ME UNDERSTAND (f24)
My (21F) girlfriend (22F) often tells me she feels 'empty', and I don't know how to deal with her like that
My boyfriend doesn't like the way I dress
Ex gf
My (28f) boyfriend (25m) of two years wants us to have a baby but does not want marriage.
Boyfriend looks at naked girls pictures, can I post naked pictures too?
I hurt a dear colleague, what should I say or do?
My [21m] recently Ex gf [20m] just told me that she had a miscarriage 2 years ago.
Is it rude of me (F/19) to not want to sleep over at my boyfriend's house (M/20) while he's working?
My [21m] recently Ex gf [20f] just told me she had a miscarriage 2 years ago.
My (20f) GF talked about her ex's dick and now I (24m) can't get it out of my head.
My ex (26 m) and I (27 f) fight daily..
Should I stay with my gf(19)?
A little advice
My Sister Saved Me
How can I convince my friend (19F) to leave her emotionally abusive boyfriend (20?M)
My sister saved me
My ex 25 (F) and I ( 26 m) fight is this normal?
Intention of a person who records a conversation from the lover and forces his spouse to not be in touch knowing that they love each other a lot and she doesn't love him
How do you stay strong in a relationship when life gets difficult?
Am single looking for a serious relationship that can last forever with a loyal man if you are interested message me on hangout segrinoneboy@gmail.com or on kik mistresshell006
Hello am mistress looking for a loyal slave or sissy slave message me on kik mistresshell006
how to have a voice in the relationship too?
Am I being selfish?
My (23M) mom (46F) isn't respecting my work boundaries
Ex boyfriend catfishing (M22) (F21)
Ex boyfriend (M 22) catfishing guys and girls during our 4 1/2 relationship
Is he flirting or being nice???
Am I being selfish?
I feel weird that my boyfriend (24M) is helping his therapist (30F) pick up her puppy
My (19M) parents don't like my (20F) girlfriend of 2 years
Am I right in feeling weird that my boyfriend is picking up a puppy with his therapist?
Debating on if I should cut my friends off or not [22M]
I think my mom (48F) is trying to screw me (20F) out of surgery.
F(20) and F(21) Why can't I be happy and content with my friendship?
Is he flirting or just being nice
My (19m) boyfriend (22m) has been talking to his ex. Am I overthinking/overreacting?
Why can't I be happy and content with anything?
I think my mom (48F) is trying to screw me (20F) out of surgery.
BF cheated and now claims that his affection is contingent on whether we are fighting or not claiming its a "chicken and egg" situation. Thoughts?
How do I [24F] avoid confirmation bias?
How do I [24 F] avoid confirmation bias?
Having doubts?
Girlfriend and I are on a break, but I'm not sure if I should have just pulled the plug and broken up.
My (30F) boyfriend (27M) of 2 years has a lot of debt and I’m not sure what I should do next.
Fell in love, but not happy about it, help!
How do I avoid confirmation bias?
Trying to save a marriage damaged by infrequent sex and affection
I'm (18F) way too selfish for a relationship.
23(f) ghosted by 20(m) after being caught having sex by the cops and movies.
My partner (27M) and I (27NB) moving in together during a global pandemic
My partner (27M) and I (27NB) moving in together during a global pandemic
Am I crazy?
Is this a chicken and egg issue? BF is distancing himself from me :(
My (25F) ex-boyfriend (31M) hid his true identity and the crimes he committed. I need advice on how to begin moving on without any closure and stop blaming myself.
Is there hope for us?
Filmmaker Inquiry | Love in the time of Corona
My manager
Fell in love, but not happy about it, help!
My (26F) mum (53F) always buys me random gifts that don’t relate to anything I like/would want.. am I being a brat?
ending a long term relationship
I(f26) can’t help but feel like the guy I’ve been seeing(25) is just “settling” for me. I have doubts that he actually wants to be with me for who I am. How can I shake this feeling, or are my feelings valid?
My (29F) boyfriend (27M) is acting like a big baby and I am getting fed up.
The opposite of partner in different environmets
[NSFW] Sex-positive folks of reddit, do you have any tips to help make watching porn with a partner a more fun/rewarding experience? [28F + 30M]
My wife (26f) is a lazy house wife. And I do all the housework and a full time job.
Girlfriend(27F) of 1.5 years wants me(30M) to remove any trace of my ex(27F).
My partner left me for a short time, but is back and we're trying to make it work, but the breakup hangs over us both like a big black cloud. How can we work through this?
planning breakup
Long distance for 4 years. Losing interest
How do I (33M) let go of the past with my girlfriend (39F) enough to truly move forward with our relationship?
I was the other woman
My (24 F) boyfriend (24 M) and I can’t agree on home decor or pets...
My[23M] girlfriend’s[21F] daughter [2F] prefers other men’s attention over mine
I [26F] haven't slept over at Boyfriend's [30M] house in 6 months?
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) and I can’t agree about pets and home decor...
What could be the underlying factors of such a change?
My[23M] girlfriend’s[21F] daughter[2F] prefers other men over me
Long-distance. Losing interest
TL;DR Insecurities Rising
My partner left me for a short time, but is back and we're trying to make it work, but the breakup hangs over us both like a big black cloud. How can we work through this?
I was the other woman
What could be the underlying factors of such a change?
Haven't Slept Over at My Boyfriend's Place in 6 Months of Dating
My GF of over a year admitted they didn’t always love me
Girlfriend [30] slapped me [30] and I slapped her back because of a minor argument
Idk what to do..
[PSA] The Empathetic Apology: why "I'm sorry" and "But I didn't mean to!!" are meaningless.
He’s a keeper
Lost My X-Girlfriend 2 weeks ago - with another man already
Boyfriend has revealed a lie he told me at the start of our relationship and I love him, but need help in repairing damaged trust.
No sex, is it the end
I [32M] told my friend's ex [31m] to disappear from her life, then he attempted suicide.
My [F18] mom [F40] thinks I have no real friends. Is she right?
The idea of a long-term, stable relationship had become foreign to me after previous emotionally abusive relationships until I met my current SO
Is it possible to love someone and not miss them
Lost my X-Girfriend...She Ran right into another Man's Arms...Need Help
How do you leave a virtual date?
Ending a relationship of almost two years
I want my marriage to work.
My girlfriend is extremely rude
All I want is for my marriage to work out.
me (16 F), doesn't know if i should leave my boyfriend (17 M)
My [31F] girlfriend [30F] broke up with me while we are quarantined together and doesn't understand why I'm mad at her.
No sex, is it the end
After Mutually Breaking Up, I’m Confused on where our relationship stands.
i need some advice..
He (34 M) wants exclusive dating, I don't (29F)
27/f feel like friend m/26 is using me sometimes
I (19F) feel like this guy (30M) is ruining my life.
After Mutually Breaking Up, I’m confused on where our relationship stands.
He wants exclusive dating, I don't
Mother controls my saving accounts and i know nothing about them
My best friend is my landlord
I (19F) am dating this guy (30M) and I feel like he's ruining my life, but I can't tell if I'm just being dramatic and victimizing myself.
Can I (23M) be friends with a couple (22M, 23F) separately after they break up?
How do you get your wife to understand that you NEED the issues in your relationship to be resolved in order for you to move past them?
Anyone else in a relationship?
I really need your opinion guys
My toxic ex boyfriend
TL;DR Experiencing Victim Mentality
blurry
blurry
Anyone else in a relationship?
Have you experienced Victim Mentality?
Me [32 M] with my dad[73M] - seemingly has early signs of alzheimers, but therapist advising not to test for it.
I caught my (21m) GF (22f) sleeping in bed with my (21m) roommate
PSA: The Empathetic Apology, and why "I'm sorry" and "But I didn't mean to" are meaningless.
Have you experienced Victim Mentality?
My (25F) best friend (25F) keeps informing me about the stuff she buys.
My (30M) friend (30F) seems to condone the actions of my cheating ex and I feel it's affecting the friendship.
Complicated relationship.
My best friend (both 25F) keeps informing me about her purchases
My (22) brother (17) runs a hate account on Twitter. What can I do to help him?
Boyfriend (M22) jokes about loving me (F22)
Should I go in for the kiss with my friend?
Roommate has anger issues
I(25M) am confused about the relationship with my girlfriend(24F).
I need advice
I find it so hot when my bf is controlling is that weird
Enraged roommate/animal abuse
I find it so hot when my bf is controlling
Idk
Should I go in for the kiss with a girl I like?
Friend Group And Girlfriend
My dad is a porn and masturbation addict...
Living with an ex during quarantine
Me(34f) husband (35) at an brick wall in our marriage.
My boyfriend (22m) says that I (20f) have no hobbies, however I’m just not into the same activities he’s into.
My partner is upset that I allowed screen time for our kids.
How to Support Someone with Anxiety Lows?
My boyfriend (22m) tells me that I (20f) have no hobbies, but I’m just not into what he’s into
My partner is upset that I allow our kids to have screen time.
I’m so confused about the relationship with my girlfriend.
My dad is always masturbating...
My [22/F] bf's [23] porn habits are starting to worry me and make me feel insecure.
Can I (23M) be friends with a couple (22M, 23F) separately after they break up?
All over again, and it's hurting real bad in this lockdown...
Family advice for starting a family
Complicated marriage issue
For couples who do not text often and rely on quality time and physical touch to keep up the relationship:
Family advice for starting a family
For couples who do not text often and rely on quality time and physical touch to keep up the relationship:
Treated One Friend Differently
How can I (48F) talk to my son (23M) about his inappropriate relationship with his cousin (20F)?
I (18F) have been living around my toxic family and college is my only way out. Now that is possibly not happening.
People use my spouse?
Am I (22f) selfish for feeling like my boyfriend(24m) “owes” me orgasms?
Living with him, his video games and his joints
I(f/31) think my ex bf(m/27)'s parents(m/50&f/49) made him break up with me because I am more financially stable than he is and they can't control me
My girlfriend is asking for an expensive gift when I’m a student and jobless
Living with him, weed and gaming
Domestic abuse during COVID-19
Is it wrong of me
My (M19) girlfriend (F19) still plays hard to get when it comes to social media communication
Is this wrong of me
My (21M) ex-girlfriend (22F) suddenly came back in my life. I need some advice.
Domestic abuse during COVID-19
bad breakup with a friend-crush
How can I (45M) reduce my desire for "hot" young women?
bad breakup with a friend-crush
My trip to Thailand
20m im new to here.. anyone female intrested for chat ?
Girlfriend of 5 years broke up out of nowhere. Is it because of depression?
I [20M] Seem to Attract Bad Girls and I Don't Know Why
I need someone to just help me... I really do :).
How can I reduce my desire for "hot" young women?
Im too jealous. My boyfriend is so busy with school and has no time for me
My parent's divorced about 2-3 years ago. My dad (62M) was at fault and has made a lot of maddening choices but is now living his life the way he wants and still loves my siblings and me. How do I (25F) get over the anger?
Weed and gaming as... hobbies?
Girlfriend Always Acting Sexual
My (26f) boyfriend (29m) frequently "forgets" or "doesn't think" and it's driving me nuts.
Girlfriend broke up out of nowhere. Should I wait for her to get better again?
Set a Different Standard With One Friend
It is impossible for me (21f) to be anywhere near my sister (17f) and the quarantine isn’t helping
It is impossible for me (21F) to be anywhere near my younger sister (17F) and quarantine isn’t helping the situation, and I don’t know what else to do right now
I (20sF) am not turned on by my husband (20sM) anymore
My parents are trying to me to see someone else while I'm in a relationship
My [30F] Husband [32M] is being manipulated by young female co worker [20F]
(25M) seeking advice about ended engagement
My (30F) girlfriend (28F) is not good in bed and I don’t know what to do
My old crush (25M), my bf (23M) and me (23F)
Recording a conversation to use it afterwards in a case of a love triangle where one person is unaware
My old crush (25M), my bf (23M) & Me (23F)
What is the best thing that happened to your relationships during quarantine?
I(f/31) think my ex bf(m/27)'s parents(m/50&f/49) made him break up with me because I am more financially stable than he is and they can't control me
What is the best thing that happened to you in your relationships during quarantine ?
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) keeps lying to me about texting his ex girlfriend (26F)
Im not open to my friends and everyone else. Im afraid people will KNOW me. Am i faking myself?
Me and my lesbian friend made out (M22/F21)
My GF(F21) has an ex(M19?) that stills texting her, should i (M20) do something about it?
My boyfriend was leading a double life
My lesbian friend [F20] kissed me [M20]
(25M) seeking advice about ended engagement
What is the best thing that happened to you during quarantine?
Hopefully I'm not the only one!
Is my boyfriend (30M) being distant? Or is it just me (25F)?
Recording a conversation to use it afterwards in a case of a love triangle where one person is unaware
Is My Friend Into Me?
My [26F] boyfriend [27M] keeps lying about talking with ex girlfriend [25F]
Recording a conversation to use it afterwards in a case of a love triangle where one person is unaware
I’m (20F) struggling to heal after my emotionally abusive (21M) ex and I broke up. How do I cope?
Bf(25M) called me(24F) sis as a joke.
My partner was living a double life
Girlfriend Always Being Sexual
I don't understand anything anymore
I often don't know what to say when chatting...
Friends don't seem like friends?
Recording a conversation to use it afterwards in a case of a love triangle where one person is unaware
My best friend's ex thinks I'm the reason they broke up
My (22M) girlfriend's (23F) behaviour is very strange sometimes and I'm worried about her.
Recording a conversation to use it afterwards in a case of a love traingle
Housemates hooking up during lockdown?? Terrible idea or no?
Maybe I’m just difficult
Housemates hooking up during lockdown?? Terrible idea or no?
How do I (24f) stop my sister (35f) taking advantage of me?
Biggest fuck up ever
How do I (24f) stop my sister (35f) from taking advantage of me?
My (24f) sister (35f) asks me for too many favors?
My (23F) Bf (34M) is extremely racist and I don’t know what to fo
My perfect, super supportive and understanding boyfriend of 1.5 years promised me the world with everlasting support and partnership
My husband is "in love" with a Russian instagram model he uses photos of to circumnavigate a twitter suspension and it's causing strain on our marriage
Boyfriend of over a year still doesn’t know if he likes me enough to stay in a relationship.
I (26F) want to move someday but I don’t know if my boyfriend (34M) is willing to
I (26F) want to move someday but I don’t know if my boyfriend (34M) is willing to
26yo female who wants to move eventually but doesn’t know if 34yo male boyfriend is willing to
Wanting to move someday but not sure if my boyfriend is willing to
Really need an opinion am I wrong?
Me[20M] and my Girlfriend[20F] of 1.5 years are going through a rough patch and I don't know how to proceed.
I confessed to my girlfriend that I've cheated on her during our first month on relationship after a year and she left me
HERBAL FORMULA
I (19M) may end up losing my scholarship due to complications with a guy (19M) I was talking to.
Bf looks at women on insta
Dating for 5 months, they keep pulling me back and forth and I know I should leave but I'm in love. Help please :(
My (20F) little brother (16M) was in a relationship with an adult (25F)
My (20F) little brother (16M) is/was in a relationship with a woman (25F)
Girlfriend Sent Our Sex Video To a Group Chat
I (23F) have never been in a real, healthy relationship before...
I (x17) think my relationship with my boyfriend (m18) is fizzling out, what do?
LYING OR CHEATING? HELP AND ADVISE NEEDED
I (21f) “blackout” at any conflict between my partner (20m)
I [24M] wonder wether I'm doing throwing away my life by trying to act in a mature and correct way. Questioning long term relationship with SO, parents and the general world. Am I wasting my youth?
I ended it.
Is my bf lying to me or does he seriously have memory problems?
I ended it.
I [M21] want to break up with my girlfriend [F20] of almost two years, who I've recently come to the conclusion is emotionally abusive and manipulative. I'm terrified and I don't know how. Please help.
Is this cheating or just lying?
I [24M] wonder wether I'm doing throwing away my life by trying to act in a mature and correct way. Questioning long term relationship with SO, parents and the general world.
I’m[F15] very passive-aggressive with my family.
I(21F) am in love with my best friend (22M) but he doesn’t like me back
Is my bf lying to me or does he seriously have memory problems ?
Was my [30M] girlfriend [28F] right to apologise over this, after she “snapped” at me?
I could really use some advice on this situation. There's a girl I like but I'm unsure off being with her.
I’m just realizing that my (F21) Parents (M50, F54) parents don’t love me
My girlfriend (22F) & I (23M) are having opposite expectations about our future & place to live. I may consider breaking up on this one.
Experiencing downturn in relationship. What should I (we) do?
Starting a relationship, what are some things I should ask or know about the other person?
I HATE PEOPLE WHO ARE IN RELATIONSHIPS! I hate and hate ALL people who can't stand each other after the honeymoon period. I HATE SELFISHNESS THE MOST
Experiencing downturn in relationship. What should I (we) do?
I don’t feel like my parents love me (21F)
My friends don't feel like friends and I'm not sure at this point.
What is the purpose of my friendship? Why are we (28M and 25F) friends?
My girlfriend says she loves me, but doesn't feel it
I (23M) am falling for a girl(23F) since we began talking 2 months ago. I told her about it and she said that she considers me just a friend. Can i make her love me, with the passage of time?
Starting a relationship, what are some things I should ask or know about the other person?
How to take care of my mom while my grandmother is dying?
My girlfriend get jealous very fast.
I interestingly grew codependency every-time I enter a relationship
HERBAL FORMULA
How do you deal with jealousy?
Covid-19 making things hard
I (25F) want to stop being jealous
Friends who don't give a damn about you over quarantine
How to deal with grief at opportunities for relationships lost? 31F
She says she doesn’t feel loved
Friends who don't give a damn about you over Quarantine
Not sure if I [23nb] should keep trying to keep this potential relationship going
I [31F] am starting to feel like I should let go of my boyfriend [20M] because I cheated, but I do not want to hurt his feelings. How do I move on?
Toothbrush sharing
Covid-19 making this difficult need advice
I lost my faith in friendship.
I lost my faith in friendship.
Broken Foot
My [19M] cousin [20F] who I had an inappropriate history with wants to be my roomate, how should I respond?
My (40M) mother (63F) is being overly critical of my wife's (43F) parenting and brings it up every time we are with her. Its resulted in countless arguments, and neither my wife nor my mom seem to want to drop this.
Would you still be friends with a good friend of yours that slept with your ex? Why or why not?
I [29/f] need to break up with my boyfriend [33/m] but I’m scared to because of my age.
When the extra sweetness disappears... normal?
Was he [M/21] just trying to have sex with me [F/21]?
Does my boyfriend not understand boundaries or am I too controlling? How do I regain trust?
[20M] How People Treat "Boundaries" - Your Thoughts?
I texted my girlfriend even though we're taking a break from each other. Is this okay?
terminal and in love w/ my best friend but it's so much more complicated than that
How could I not notice that I was a jealous, possessive, manipultative best friend? (23M)
How People Treat "Boundaries" - Your Thoughts?
Men who have dated women who are a few years older - How did it go? Was there any issues and how did others see you're relationship?
Was he just looking for sex
My ex boyfriend called me one of his biggest mistake
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] is friends with someone he slept with
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] is friends with someone he slept with
i think i fell in love over slowly
terminal and in love w/ best friend and it's... complicated.
Need Relationship Advice
How do you know if a coworker likes you?
Is it time to end my longterm relationship with the father of my child?
Me and my best friend's [both 26F] friendship is falling apart before her wedding.
How do you know if a coworker likes you?
The person I love most is hurting me every which way
How do you know if a coworker likes you?
My father (55M) made an in appropriate joke about and now I(15F) feel uncomfortable.
Should I tell his baby momma
Roommate moved in her boyfriend
My (22M) girlfriend (20F) broke up with me 1 month ago. I think it is because I touched on a very sensitive subject in her (8 months relationship)
My father (m55)made an inappropriate joke about me and now I (15f) feel uncomfortable
I (18M) lied to one of my bests friends (17m) and I don't know what to do
My ex boyfriend called me one of his biggest mistakes
My friends don't know that I (20M) am mildly autistic, and they're constantly making fun of me over things I can't really control.
How do you know a coworker likes you?
Feeling guilty about getting a "second wind" of love in relationship
BOYFRIEND DOES NOT WANT TO COME OVER EVER!!!???!!! :(
Is it time to end my (F23) relationship with my longterm boyfriend (M24)?
How do you know if a coworker likes you?
Over-analyzing my (19f) convo with boyfriend (21m)?
Someone pls help me overanalyze what my (19f) boyfriend (21m) said
My (23, F) mother has instilled constant guilt and anxiety in me that I feel whenever I do anything that she doesn't know 100% of the details about.
Her sadness kills me
My [25F] boyfriend [28M] has been helping me so much and paying for everything, how do I balance that?
Should I keep holding on?
A guy (M20) I (F18) really liked ghosted me
(M 21) my ex girlfriend just destroyed me and I don't know how to recover from it.
I [20f] have a crush on a customer (24m)
(M 21) my first ex girlfriend completely destroyed me. How do I even recover from it?
I Want To Tell My Girlfriend I Love Her
My (24f) boyfriend (28m) keeps calling me lazy while we’re in lockdown
I [24F] caught feelings to my best friend [25M]. Should I tell him or hide it?
Dating Advice for a Serial Monogamist
My (24f) boyfriend (28m) keeps calling me lazy when we’re in lockdown
a wild ride. advice??!
My (23M) fiancé (22F) wants to experiment with another girl
[25M] My ex [25F] keeps sending me lame memes
Ex boyfriend’s (28/m) older brother politely asked me (25/f) “what happened” between me and my ex, alluding to the breakup?
Dating Advice for a Serial Monogamist
Almost everyone forgot my birthday? (F/19).
My (43 M) boyfriend
My[23f] ex-boyfriend[23m] didn't always stop when I said "no" - but it feels wrong to call that nonconsensual.
Could you ever trust someone again after finding out yourself they cheated on you?
I can’t tell if my best friend (F14) likes me (F14), or if this is just how she expresses herself.
Was he just trying to hookup with me
Girlfriend [18F] most likely going to dump me [18M] tomorrow. I need quick help.
My (27F) boyfriend (23M) is mad at me because I said I felt pressured when it comes to sex sometimes.
UPDATE: Going through a 3 Years breakup. (21M) (21F)
My boyfriend(M33) becomes irritated when I(F29) ask him for favors. Yet I bend over backwards for anything he wants.
Lost connection
What is the reason for a guy (24m) to ignore a girl's (24f) texts you really seemed to like? I have to keep telling myself "I am sure its not about me", but is it??
What is the reason for a guy (24m) to ignore a girl's (24f) texts you really seemed to like? I have to keep telling myself "I am sure its not about me", but is it??
Will the violent outbursts from c-ptsd ever stop?
My boyfriend's (29M) neighbor (35F) suggested that she moves in and for my BF to start texting her mom.. Am I looking too deep into it or is this weird?
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) follows back random girls and it puts weird thoughts in my head
I think my friend's boyfriend likes me more than her?
I [26m] am thinking of inviting a close friend [27f] on a holiday. Is this a bad idea?
Should I just not pursue this relationship anymore?
Why do I always get angry about non-serious things my boyfriend does or doesn’t do?
I 19F dont fantasize about my partner 18F
Update: Didn't Let Girlfriend Shower With Me
How do I [25/F] get over a comment the guy I’m talking to [27/M] made about old photos of me?
Update: Didn't Let Girlfriend Shower With Me
I don't fantasize about my partner
I (F18) Found a naked picture of a girl on bf (M18)of 11month’s phone now I feel insecure. Am I overthinking?
My (20m) girlfriend cheated on me right before my family cruise
My (20 m) girlfriend has constantly cheated on me
My [19m]LD girlfriend(?) [23f] repeatedly talks about suicide as an innevitability for her, and I don't know what to do.
I (m 25) feel like I'm cheating on my fiance (f 23)
My (22f) boyfriend (24m) follows teenage girls on insta
Can we love on my BeBe a bit? He stopped teaching self defense one of his passions and is now working as an essential worker. Just would love help showing him some appreciation.
Am I in the wrong for yelling at one of my friends to stop mentioning another friend's ex and let me move on with my life?
Simple question, should my gf friendzone dudes texting her? She just ignores / changes subject when the dudes are too pushy, but always shows me
My (22 F) boyfriend (23M) follows random people on IG and it puts weird thoughts in my head
My [19m]LD girlfriend(?) [23f] repeatedly talks about suicide as an innevitability for her, and I don't know what to do.
My Minecraft friend broke up friendship with me because of my terrible mistake
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) is obsessed with figuring out the stock market/trading and it’s getting out of hand...
My boyfriend's (29M) neighbor (35F) suggested that she moves in and for my BF to start texting her mom.. Am I looking too deep into it or is this weird?
My Grandpa Watches Porn on LOUD, Should I Move Out??
I (20F) still have feelings for my closest friend (23M) even though he is not interested.
My Mom (39F) is buying weed for my brother (18M) and smoking it with him.
Did he [M/21] just want to hookup with me [F/21]?
Will this just lead to worse things down the road between my girlfriend (F21) and I (M21)?
My Father Has Nude Photos and Videos of My Ex and Current Girlfriend
My Mom (39F) is buying & smoking weed with my (18M) brother.
I (18M) lied to my girlfriend (19F) about how many people i slept with, how do i tell her now?
I'm (27F) not sure how to deal with the differences between my parents (62M/57F) and me, and it's beginning to ruin our relationship.
I [27M] just broke off engagement with [25F] fiancée
I (16M) am in a long distance relationship with my (16F) girlfriend and I love her a bunch but I feel like I'm the only one putting out effort.
My Grandpa Listens to Porn Loudly and Checks Me Out
I [20F] do not know what to do about my parents anymore
Even tho some couples engage in tickle fights just for fun, for some of you couples does part of the fun sometimes include jokingly competitively teasing each other that the other person is more ticklish than them?
I (18M) lied to my girlfriend (19F) about how many people i slept with, how do i tell her now?
Me (26F) and my (21F) gf are in a relationship of 2 years, but have sex with others. What do you call this?
Shamed for mental health 27m
Need help from people around the world to make a romantic gesture for my girlfriend on our anniversary during quarantine times [request]
I 23M need to tell her 23F my feelings I have toward her by the end of the semester, what’s the best way to make my self clear so there’s no room for confusion... need advice please!
I lied to my girlfriend about how many people i slept with, how do i tell her now?
Will the violent outbursts from c-ptsd ever stop?
I lied to my girlfriend about how many people i have slept with, how do i tell her now?
Honestly so embarrassed and disappointed in myself.
My wife wants to give our baby to her sister
I need help righting my wrongs with this girl
I (27 F) always have to be self-destructive, and now the person I love (26 M), my best friend, wants nothing to do with me
I (27 F) can’t stop being self destructive, and now I’m losing my best friend and the person that I love (26 M) because of it
Wife wants to give our baby to her sister
Whats the best way to come out to my(21m) mom(49f) and brother(21m) as athiest?
I (F24) have a much higher sex drive than my boyfriend (M29)
I always have to be self destructive
I [24F] caught feelings for my best friend [25M]. What should I do?
Im not sure if it is quarantine affecting our relationship or if I am truly unhappy
AITA for hesitating to see my ex best friend [f25] even when she's in a bad spot in life right now?
I (24F) caught feelings for my best friend (25M). What should I do?
At what point does it stop hurting?
My (31F) boyfriend (31M) has gone from slim to nearly obese in less than a year, and doesn't seem to realize it
I [21M] am shy and cannot get a girlfriend
am I (26m) boring or her (22F)
Conspiracy theorist fiancé?
One of my(16F) parent(s) removed my recent submission in this community when I was asleep, which was about my physical abuse
I feel hopeless in my marriage...thoughts/advice
I haven't wanted to be friends with my friend for a long time
My[F15] grandmother[F67] is kinda homophobic? And likes yelling?
My bf (20m) seems uninterested in me (20f) but denies it
One of my(16F) parents removed my submission which was about physical abuse when I was asleep.
Should I wait to pursue a girlfriend with my current conditions/would they be offputing?
I (26 F) have a crush on my friend (26 M) who recently separated from his wife
Sudden Anxiety
Should I (20F) end my friendship with my friend (20M) who is in love with me and has become extremely intrusive
My(16F) parents deleted my previous submission which was about me being abused
I [M32] am needing a sanity check on my girlfriend's [F30] behavior
How do I tell my bf(23) that I (20) don't want to see him everyday? (6 months)
Me (20f) losing feeling for boyfriend (20m)?
My (24f) ex-boyfriend (25m) and his new girlfriend (24f) took advantage of my kindness when I was most vulnerable and now I feel like a dirt bag.
Someone [23F] from my highschool graduating class became a research engineer for NASA and wants everyone to know. How do I [23f] let her know that nobody cares?
Should I wait to pursue a girlfriend with my current conditions/would they be offputing?
When I (f20) go over to my boyfriend's (m20) house all he does is play video games, how do I approach a compromise?
I give off the friend vibe
My M(23) girlfriend F(22) does not get along with my friend's (M23) girlfriend F(23).
My M(24) girlfriend F(22) does not like my friend's M(23) girlfriend(F23) and I don't know how to navigate the situation
Am I (24F) selfish for not wanting to be with my bf (28M) of 3 years, anymore?
When I (f20) go over to my boyfriend's (m20) house all he does is play video games, how do I approach a compromise?
My (24f) ex-boyfriend (25m) and his new girlfriend (24f) took advantage of my kindness when I was the most vulnerable and now I feel like a dirt bag.
My bf doesn’t post me on any of his social media accounts. we’ve been dating for 2 years and 1/2
Me [24F] with my boyfriend [27 M],1 year, He calls texting other girls his nature
I feel my mom hates me lately
Friendship w/a potential partner on the line if I don’t reach out?
I (35F) think this guy (49M) is no longer interested after I revealed I have 2 kids and still living with ex.
I'm [20f] starting to hate the guy I used to like because of his past relationship
My (29/m) mother (61) has recently gone down the rabbit hole of conspiracy theories like covid19 and 5g towers and I’m worried...
Confusing conversation with Ex
How do I handle being broken up with one week after an abortion?
My psychopathic boyfriend is driving himself into the ground
My (29) mother (61) has very recently been going down the rabbit hole of conspiracy theories (cv19, 5g, vaccines) and I’m worried...
I (20F) don't know how to deal with my mother (50F) while in quarantine with her
So I was told I’m not ready for a relationship which I think is bs.
Me (F23) and my boyfriend (M28) can’t be intimate for a month
My (28) mom (61) has very recently been going down the rabbit hole of conspiracy theories and I’m worried..
Am I selfish or have I been needing to do this for a long time?
Why is my long-distance girlfriend (42 Female) in the states putting more distance between me? (42 Male)?
Me (F23) and my boyfriend (M28) won’t be able to be “intimate” for a whole month
I'm [20F] starting to hate the guy I used to like [25M] because of his past relationship.
I need advice asap
How do i (21m) become content with (suddenly) having literally zero friends and girlfriend anymore to focus on myself?
My (26 M) partner (26 F) of two and a half years told me she has doubts concerning our relationship and wants to take a 'break' to reassess. I'm have no clue what to do.
ONLY FANS??! 😋😋
I [27/F] am getting jealous of my sister's [23/F] relationship with my parents. [50s M/F]
MY GIRL LEFT ME BECAUSE SHE WAS SCARE OF ME. WHAT DID I DO WRONG ??
New relationship trying to survive quarantine apart?
What is the logic behind my(23, F) hoarder aunt's (49,F) behavior?
Needing some advice on a guy (21) and myself (20)
My girlfriend’s low self esteem and self confidence is hurting our relationship
My girlfriend seems to be getting close to a guy, and I also found her joking about me behind my back? Am I being too sensitive? I felt weird seeing it. (23M) (21F)
My ex got back in touch and now I keep thinking about what it would be like to get back together even though I'm in a new relationship
Not sure if I should break up with my boyfriend [19M] by [19F] (crosspost from relationship_advice)
My (F20) friend of 9 years is ghosting me (F20) and I don't know what to do.
MY EX SAID WHENEVER SHE THINKS OF ME, SHE GOT FEAR. WHAT DID I DO WRONG ?
Quarantine is definitely affecting how I view my partner
How do I get over this?
Should I (20F) dump his (18M) ass because he wants too little?
Tonight I was trying open up to my boyfriend about my mental health and he still couldn’t take time to pause his game to talk to me .
TL;DR: Bothered with my Husband’s past affairs. Maybe hormones since I’m preggy
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]?
Am I [F20] making signals out of nothing with [M30]
Even tho some couples engage in tickle fights just for fun, for some of you couples does part of the fun sometimes include jokingly competitively teasing each other that the other person is more ticklish than them?
I(M, 23) dont know how to help my gf (F, 21)
Should I ask her out or move on?
Folks in interracial Co-parenting relationships can share their experiences!
Am I [F21] making signals out of nothing with [M30]
How do I get over a crush?
my twin sister might be picking the college i already committed to, and i don’t want her to.
Haven't dated in a long time and I'm afraid to start because of a fear of sexual inadequacy
How do i (21m) become fine with being (newly) with literally zero friends or girlfriend?
My (25M) girlfriend (26F) accepted my marraige proposal, but is now questioning our relationship since it wasn't anything close to her dream proposal. I'm feeling defeated and not sure that there's anything I can do to reassure her that she's special to me. How do we move past this?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]?
Fiance's family hates me and I can't fix it.
I'm (F34) dating a guy (M33) for about 2 1/2 months now. Things have been going really well but recently it seems like he may be losing interest. I'm hoping I'm reading things wrong but it just feels too familiar to ignore.
My closest 2 friends are basically bullying me (19M) like we’re 5, and I have no idea how to stand up for myself.
I (M, 23) don´t know how to help my gf (F, 21)
How to know in the beginning if a person you are seeking is toxic? I’m [26F], she is [32F]
Today I (Female (23)) had a dream that my boyfriend (28 Male) was comforting another girl with his arm around her. It made me upset. Is this rational?
I always want what I can't have.
I need help finding the right community
I [26F] want to break up with my boyfriend [26M] but we're quarantined together and I'm not sure what to do
Am I forgivable?
I’m pissed off by my dream that my boyfriend was comforting another girl.
[19M] Waking up at 5pm is testing our [20f] relationship
Did I throw away a gem? I’m a (22m) she’s a (23f) relationship was 3 years
Best Friend turned Boyfriend[20M] broke up with me[20F] for no reason after talking about marriage for 3 months
Me M26 her F27 disagree about what our respective bachelor and bachelorette parties should entail.
My[M33]friend[M31]is homeless and needs a place to stay, but I am conflicted!
I (21F) get very anxious when I have to express my emotions and thinking
Did I loose a gem? Should I have done things different
My[M33]Friend[M31]Is currently homeless and needs a place to stay but I am conflicted!
My ex wants to get back together and I don't know what to do
M 26 my gf is F 27 at odds about future bachelor/ bachelorette party.
I'm fat ugly short 26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable
BEST FRIENDS BROTHER
My[20M] girlfriend[20F] of 1.5 years and I are going through a really time and I don't know how to proceed.
BEST FRIENDS BROTHER
The pointless jealousy of ones vibrator
How to give SO space without it feeling like a break
My girlfriend (25F) has been making comments about my (25F) 'scent' and I'm not sure if she's just being honest or rude?
Got Hard While Spoooning Female Friend
BEST FRIENDS BROTHER
My grandmother (F60s) made it pretty much impossible for me to spend time with my (F19) horse
Relationship getting more tense throughout quarantine (please I need help)
My grandmother (F60s) made it impossible for me (F19) to spend time with my horse.
How to give your SO space when they’ve asked for it
My Grandmother (sort of) Made it Impossible for me to Spend Time with my Horse
The quarantine made me (21f) realize I want to marry my boyfriend (26m)
Is it normal to be upset when you see your Ex with one of my friends she use to always talk mess about ?
I (22F) want to be closer with my sister (18F) but we are complete opposites and I don’t even like her that much at this point.
Im in a sticky situation. My boyfriend seems to love me and soneone else. PLEASE help
UPDATE: I left him. It wasn’t easy.
I’m (33f) seemingly unable to care for my family (6m,4m, 1.5f) and myself at the same time during quarantine.
I (26 F) have a crush on my friend (26 M) who recently separated from his wife.
Long distance relationship and I don't know what's going on
Girl [20] I [22] was seeing suddenly cut things off.
I im in a sticky-ass situation with this relationship. PLEASE help me 😅
My mom's good mood is annoying and making me angry.
Is it normal to be upset when you see your Ex with one of my friends she use to always talk mess about ?
Girl(20F) I(22M) was seeing suddenly cut things off
GF F(25) of 7 months texts ex after an argument with me M(24).
My mom's good mood is annoying and making me angry.
My online friend will show her face to everyone except me
My [32] on off boyfriend [36] posts about his ex girlfriends. Was I wrong to feel upset about this or is he right to do it?
Got Hard While Spooning Female Friend
My boyfriend wants me to stop drinking, but I don't have a problem. [27, m]
Girlfriend of 7 months talks to ex/friends with benefits while she was unsure about our status.
This is my second time that I'm thinking of kicking my mom out of my life
I[30M] unintentionally ruined my girlfriend[27F] birthday party, now she is mad at me, how can I navigate this issue?
Tell me some cute moments you had with your SO :)
Should I tell him?
(M22) Those who have been through breakups: why didn’t it work out?
Well this has been a crazy few months but it’s looking up!
I'm thinking about kicking my mom out of my life and now this is the second time thinking about it, but is this the right thing to do?
Those who have been through break ups: why didn’t it work out?
My BF(28M) and I (27F) just broke up and woof
I've thought about kicking my mom out of my life again this is the second time now thinking about it but is this the right thing to do
Help me find the right Reddit comunity
I think my fiance has been keeping track of each thing we pay for together. F (28) M (44) relationship of 4.5 years
I (28 m) want to divorce my wife (f 25), but she does not want to (SoCal)
Should I tell him?
I feel like my (22F) ex (27M) still owns a part of me.
Why am I attracting/attracted to traumatized partners?
Do I ask my ex for my cats back?
A guy that I’m talking to (22 M) claims that he wants to see me (22 M) but can’t lie to his dad to get out of the house
My bf (28M) and I (27F) just broke up after almost three years and it's fucked up
I got drunk and sexted other girls and my fiance found out
My boyfriend (M38) and me (F35) quarantine killing our sex life, should I be worried?
I[30M] unintentionally ruined my girlfriend[27F] birthday party, she is mad at me, but I feel her reactions is unfair, am I to blame?
Mysterious Package
My housemate invited three people over without telling me
Mysterious Package
I have a rocky relationship with my sister, anyone else feels that way?
R/relationships please help. Should I run or do I suck?
Gf (F26) wants an open relationship, I’m (M25) still undecided.
Conflicted: 🧠 or ❤
I (M17) lied to my gf (F17) about my past sexual experiences
Single mother with no kids just a SO with no motivation to care about anything. PLEASE HELP.
I feel like I’m in a love triangle. Please help.
I’d prefer a woman’s opinion on this one but any advice is helpful
My [24F] Boyfriend [20M] Is Trying to Break Up With Me
Friendly Feelings...
I (20f) am learning how to have a relationship with myself after my breakup
Gf wants an open relationship, I’m still undecided.
I got drunk and chatted with a lot of girls, and my fiance and my family found that.
I (20f) am learning how to have a relationship with myself
I’d prefer a woman’s opinion on this one but any helpful advice is great.
I (M17) lied to my gf(F17) About my past sexual experiences
I (M17) lied to my gf(F17) About my past sexual experiences
Friendly Feelings...
I[30M] messed up my girlfriend[27F] birthday party, but i think her reaction is unfair. Need outside advice.
Why would my friend (20M) go to such extents to gain reactions from me?
Am I (M38) a complete fool for telling this girl (F37) that I'm not completely sure about she and I together?
Struggling with my boyfriend’s (32M) past and my (31F) own insecurities
Am I a bad person? I live with my parents and overall everything seems to be going well but I can't help but feel like I would be happier without them.
Is it over between me and him?
Phone Calls
I need help with this girl.
I [22F] enjoy PVP games. My boyfriend [34M] does not. How do I make him enjoy them?
My (28M) Girlfriend (24F) suffers from severe anxiety. Have you experienced any link between True Crime podcasts and mental health issues?
I [F19] wrote a post about how my friend [M22] made me feel. Regretted the post and how I felt and deleted it. He saw the post, and is no longer talking to me because of what I wrote in the post.
Should I move on from him?
My (28 M) Girlfriend (24) suffers from severe anxiety. Have you experienced any link between True Crime podcasts and mental health issues?
I talked to be ex after 3 years of breaking up, I miss her and want her back in my life.
My (f 23) boyfriend (m 25) made a really hurtful joke about my body and I can't seem to get over it.
I [22F] is in a relationship but watch porn of of men jerking off
My [18F] girlfriend told me [18M] that she wanted to take a break in our relationship. After a few days, I feel like it’s killing me inside.
I need help with this girl
I talked to be Ex GF after 3 years, I really miss her and can't get over her.
Who should I (26F) choose?
Even tho some couples engage in tickle fights just for fun, for some of you couples does part of the fun sometimes include jokingly competitively teasing each other that the other person is more ticklish than them?
I am deeply confused with my identity as a muslim. How can I resolve this? [22F]
I [23F] am too arrogant to accept romantic interests
Who should I (26F) choose?
Everyone has been saying I (19F) moved on too quickly?
I am deeply confused with my identity as a Muslim. How can I stop this? [22f]
My girlfriend [18F] told me [M18] she wanted to take a break in our relationship, and it’s killing me inside.
My (f 23) boyfriend (m 25) made a really hurtful joke about my body and I can't seem to get over it.
I (21F) have been dating him (22M) for a year, but I feel like something's missing.
I [F19] wrote a post on Reddit about my friend [M22] about how he made me feel. Regretted it and deleted it as I was being stupid. He saw it before I deleted it and is no longer talking to me because of what I said in the post.
Why would my friend (20M) go to such extents to gain (positive?) reactions from me?
I [M20] am stuck in an emotionally abusive relationship with my girlfriend [F19].
What do you think about the relationship between Me(23M) and my future girlfriend(32F)?
Do you find that when you have a strong sense (like you know in your gut) that your person is cheating you’re usually right?
My submission
I’m (F20) the reason why my current girlfriend (F18) got cheated on and she doesn’t know
Do I(29M) have to be friends with my parents’ friends?
How often is normal to vidcall SO
My brother (11M) has bad hygiene, what should I do?
How can I [22F] tell my friend [22M] to stop flirting with me
Do I (29M) have to be friends with my parents' friendships?
My boyfriend g’ets jealous of me and my best friend
I wrote a post on Reddit about how my friend made me feel, I regretted it and deleted it. He saw it before I deleted it, and now is no longer talking to me because of what I said in the post.
Are my (M25) issues with my boyfriend (M26) red flags, or am I just overthinking?
I [29/f] am lonely in my relationship with him [33/m]. Are these feelings normal?
How do I politely ask my boyfriend(29) to stop doing these gross habits?
Are my (M25) issues with my boyfriend (M26) red flags, or am I just overthinking?
Are my (M25) issues with my boyfriend (M26) red flags, or am I just overthinking?
What do you think about the relationship between (23M) and (32F)?
Fake love
I [M20] think I am stuck in an emotionally abusive relationship with my girlfriend [F19].
My (NB 23) partner (M 25) told me he is addicted to porn, should I be concerned?
My younger brother (11m) has bad hygiene
Should I let me ex fiance keep doing this? Recently broken up and quarantined together. Please help.
My (NB 23) partner (M 25) told me he has a porn addiction, should I be concerned?
My (22f) gf talked to me about the possibility of a poly relationship. I (21m) have told her extensively that I don’t have a desire for one. She’s hurting and I don’t know what I can do to help.
falling out of love. What would I (21) do?
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) broke lockdown & more
My (29f) ex (58m) admitted that he cheated on me(thinking he could fix things) after he unexpectedly announced he was letting a stripper (23f) move in with him
How do I(29f) tell him(58m) to get lost?
Partner is Addicted to Porn
How do I (29f) tell him (58m) to get lost
My [16F1], friend [21F] is dating an abuser [18M]. She refuses to leave him but there are so many red flags.
How do I politely ask my boyfriend(29) to stop doing these gross habits?
How to survive working from home in a one bedroom apartment I share with my SO
Even tho some couples engage in tickle fights just for fun, for some of you couples does part of the fun sometimes include jokingly competitively teasing each other that the other person is more ticklish than them?
Getting annoyed by ex
I (m 28) want to get a divorce with my wife (f 25), but she does not want to
How to survive working from home during quarantine next to SO in 1 bedroom apartment?
Need help - I am a chronically ill/disabled 27[F] struggling in a relationship with an asexual 31[M] man
I (21F) may or may not have engaged in an act of infidelity with my boyfriend (23M) of 8 months’ friend (21M). What do I do?
Should I end my friens-with benefits relatiobship?
My (29f) ex (58m) hopefully admitted that he cheated on me(thinking he could fix things) after he unexpectedly announced he was letting a stripper (23f) move in with him
Am I an idiot?
I'm [24M] and almost Completely Lost in Every Aspect of Relationships/Friendships
I ended my marriage for a guy that I met online that I still haven’t met.
I (m/19) wanted to spend the summer with my (f/19) girlfriend of over a year, after what my parents (m/40, f/40) have done I want to move out altogether.
I want to break up but his birthday is in 2 days
My boyfriend [M25] and I [F20] have been together for two months and on multiple occasions he has told me he is going to marry me and just knows I’m the one. Is it crazy that I feel the same?
I (25F) don’t know how to let go and forgive myself :\
URGENT: Need help with my friend group.
I am a 17 year old female that needs help with her friend group.
I (31F) am always having doubts with my relationship with my boyfriend (29M)
I'm [24M] and almost Completely Lost in Every Aspect of Relationships/Friendships
My [19F] sister [20F] constantly emotionally abuses men. I feel so bad for his current boyfriend I don’t know what to do
URGENT: I'm struggling with my friend group and feeling like I don't fit in.
I (31F) am always having doubts with my relationship with my boyfriend (29M)
I (26m) broke up with ex (26f) a year ago and am in a new relationship, but still miss her terribly
When is a good time to bring up exclusivity in online dating?
How can I stop being afraid of my ex causing drama with my friends/in my professional life?
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) asked me this question and it threw me off. Now I don’t know what to think
Is it illegal to have sex in my front yard?
Confused
My boyfriend [M25] and I [F20] have been together for two months and on multiple occasions he has told me he is going to marry me and just knows I’m the one. Is it crazy that I feel the same?
Confused?
Why is jealousy is a problem when there is no problem
What’s a good way to bring up exclusivity in online dating?
Best friend turned boyfriend(20M) broke up with me(20F) for no reason after talking about marriage for the past 3 months
My Crush is in a “complicated relationship” with this guy... but says she’s interested in me. what’s going on any advice?
Girls of reddit, why do you choose to go 50/50 financially?
I (26m) broke up with ex (26f) a year ago and am in a new relationship, but still miss her terribly
A Quandary Over the Price of Shoes
My (24M) partner (24enby) is on day three of recharging their social battery and I miss them.
My (25m) wife’s (25f) hot takes are wearing on me.
The Cost of Shoes
Why do i think that my gf is trying to do something behind my back
Feeling weird
Me [26 M] with my girlfriend [27F] 5-month long relationship (long-distance) struggling to deal with her confrontational personality
[F] 25 and M [28] - negotiated boundaries in sexwork and relationships
My[23M] girlfriends[23F] dad[60?] is going against medical advice(AMA) and wants to go home.
I'm (25F) having serious doubts about my BF's (29M) sexuality
Onlyfans or selling pics
My 22F girlfriend sent a picture of my penis to her (M) friend
Onlyfans or selling pics
My 22F girlfriend sent a picture of my penis to her (M) friend
Emotionally unstable??
My girlfriend(22F) sent a picture of my penis to her (M)Friend
Husband [43M] wants me [38F] to setup my mentor's daughter [21F] as his FWB
My (F 28) boyfriend (M 27) has been receiving a lot of texts from a girl (F 27) who might have a thing for him and it’s making me uncomfortable
How can I help my boyfriend realize that I’m here for him when his depression leads him to not believe me?
Sex Work and boundaries -how to deal with a partner that does SW
I (F23) need help from you, please. My friend (F19) committed suicide.
My (F25) boyfriend (26) is seeing another woman (25?). I'm not comfortable with the relationship and I'm not sure what to do.
I (31F) haven’t spoken to my now-married ex (35M) in years out of request, but his wife (35F) likes my social media posts (invitation to say hi/check in on them during NYC’s gnarly quarantine)?
Conscience is getting to me (24M) about my perfect (22F) girlfriend.
How to interact with interesting people
Complicated pet situation, I need help
rejected by crush
How does dating someone that seemingly does nothing with their life make you feel?
Interact with interesting people
How important is sex?
She (29F) threw our (30M/4F) lightsabers away...
Pet advice
bad breakup with a friend-crush
How to overcome feeling lonely?
How do you get over feeling lonely.
My (31F) boyfriend (31M) doesn't like spending time with me anymore
My (20F) roommate (37M) makes it hard to be friends with him
How long should I (f 27) wait to approach my ex (m 26) about getting back together?
He (33M) hasn't text me (33F) for 24 hours - red flag or being paranoid?
How do you discuss the issues in your relationship when you might be the only one seeing the issues ?
BF 31 said I'm F28 fat, really lost my self-esteem
My (F24) boyfriend (25) is seeing another woman (24?) and I'm not sure what to do.
She (28F) threw away our (29M and 4F) lightsabers...
I (19 F) keep comparing myself to my Bf's (21 M) Ex (21 F)
I (26M) Have lost the ability to form genuine connections with people - I look for flaws and promptly drop them.
Why does my (20f) ex (24m) keep trying to contact me, and what can I do about it?
Should I contact my exs ex?
My (27f) partner (28f) of one year, still upset over cutting off her ex.
Should I contact my exs ex?
Thoughts??
When have you missed a girl hinting at you?
Thoughts??
Should I contact my exs ex?
How can I get over the pain of my heart getting broken?
My (22f) gf wants to be in a poly relationship. I (21m) don’t want to be in one. She is hurting and I am not sure what I can do to help her at the moment.
My (23f) boyfriend (24m) sometimes talks about leaving the country. He promised to stop but I'm still upset about it. Am I overreacting?
My boyfriend(m25) of three years just dumped me(f24). Please give me advice and tell me your stories.
Family don’t want me to go to my college of choice
My boyfriend (29m) beat up our small dog and I think he emotionally abuses me (32f)
My (M25) girlfriend (F25) has a meltdown over me not making a silly face to cheer her up
How to deal with loneliness after a break up Me (F19)/ Ex(M19)
Should I (27f) forgive my boyfriend (33m) or am I blowing this out of proportion?
He (33/M) hasn't text me (33/F) for 24 hours after first time sexting. Am I being OTT?
Me(36F) and the Love of my Life (38M) have been texting while quarantined and developing a weird romantic relationship that is impossible because he has a girlfriend and lives in a different country.
I don't feel like calling my boyfriend every day
I need advice on my breakup please!
My (M25) girlfriend (F25) is in a bad mood but thinks that allows her to act as unreasonable as possible
Boyfriend (24M) of three years refuses to stay the night due to how it would appear to his parents
I need advice about my breakup
I (20F) don't feel like my boyfriend (19M) loves me anymore because he doesn't want to know about my day
Breakup advice please
Boyfriend (24M) of three years refuses to stay the night due to how it would appear to his parents
Breakup advice...
So my boyfriend of 3 years just broke up with me...
SO is upset by his doubts about us. I thought they were normal at first and would provide reassurance, but I’m starting to get impatient. How normal is this? Do you have doubts in your relationship? (33m/29f/1yr)
So my boyfriend of 3 years just broke up with me and I don’t know if I’ll ever recover from this...tell me your stories...
How do I (27 enby) deal with the forgetfulness of my roommates (25 enby, 25M)
So my boyfriend of 3 years just broke up with me and I don’t know if I’ll ever recover from it..tell me your stories...
Always upset with ex girlfriend
Lessons from people who have been cheated on? (Why do I (F20) want to get back together with my ex (M20) who cheated?)
i (21) started going out with this guy (21) i met online.... it was fun, been going out for 6 months, i’ve already met his family. But he’s forcing me to introduce him to my family...
My mom (50F) won’t stop breaking the coronavirus stay at home order to see her friends and it’s starting to piss me (23F) off
Lessons from people who have been cheated on? (Why do I (F20) want to get back together with my ex (M20) who cheated?)
Me(36F) and the Love of my Life (38M) have been texting while quarantined and developing a weird romantic relationship that is impossible because he has a girlfriend and lives in a different country. I am a wreck and the relationship is impossible. I don't know what to do.
I (28f) done with bf (27m) over him spending his stimulus check in 5 days
My mom (50F) won’t stop breaking the coronavirus stay at home order to see her friends and it’s starting to piss me (23F) off
Two years ago I (37m) thought we (36f) were over so I had an affair. We weren't over and now she is very insecure.
boyfriend(49) never married. Refuses to tell me about past girlfriends. Why?
Friendship deleted or ignored?
[LONG] My[18M] girlfriend’s[18F] behavior towards me during the quarantine has made me deeply question our relationship. Opinions?
Am I wrong?
Am I wrong here?
Much needed advice
Will it ever 'click' for us?
potential ED relapse in a relationship
My (36f) bf (39m) wants to have his birthday with just his dad.
Not ready for a relationship
How to repair a relationship after a bout of depression?
My (30F) boyfriend (42M) was a homeless alcoholic when we met and he still is after three years
My bf (29) gets stressed/anxious so easily and breaks up with me when his stress gets too high (like during corona)
I want to talk to him more.
Would past sexual exploitation trauma be a dealbreaker?
M [25m] girlfriend [24f] of several years is upset I don't like her photos and liked someone else's
Would past sexual exploitation trauma be a dealbreaker?
Why is my long distance girlfriend putting even more distance between us?
22F Girlfriend's bipolar disorder is sucks and don't know what to do anymore ?(I'm 23M)
Im(21) dating a girl(18) who only writes with guys and many want something from her.
Is it normal to feel like soulmates most of the time but when fighting, question whether you’re even meant to be together? [24F] me and [32M] him.
How do I (21m) get over an abusive ex (20f)?
Triangulation and needing help!!!
When do you think it's right to move in with your SO?
Me (19) F is getting sick of Bf (21) and not sure to give up or not.
Why is my long-distance girlfriend putting more distance between us?
I (25M) feel like my wife (23F) is uninterested in my emotional wellbeing
Is it normal to feel like soulmates most of the time but when fighting, question whether you’re even meant to be together? [24F] me and [32M] him.
Quarantine bringing out big flaws in our relationship (sexual and personal)
Male slave need to be owned by a female dom
My roommate [22F] won't let me [19F] practice my singing, even if I loan her my noise-cancelling headphones
Quarantine bringing out big flaws in our relationship (sexual and personal)
Depressed Partner (quarantine)
My mom judges my girlfriends based on their weight
He's a narcissist (M25) and doesn't care how much he hurt me (F21)
The girl I’m talking to and the one I used to talk to are having complications and it involves me
Need Help/Advice on Dealing with Roommate
Making friends in college? I’m lost!
I (20F) need help on figuring out how to help my little brother (11M) in dealing with our abusive mother (43F).
I am US contractor working overseas and My girlfriend of almost two years now is becoming more distant with me and gets upset easily and annoyed by me now and has already shown signs of a possible break up but wont say we are? I need help and just not sure what to do and could it be this covid 19?
My boyfriend (21M) of a year and 7 months broke up with me (20F) because I mentioned abstinence???
Advice on Coping With Roommate/Friend
We've been close friends for 2 years, and yet still have not exchanged a proper real-time conversation through the phone or even text [21M/22F]
Slave need to be owned
I (20F) like my childhood friend (20M) and I don’t know what to do about it.
My boyfriend (21M) broke up with me (20F) because I mentioned abstinence???
Is this wrong
Red Pill Friend
Red pill friend
Stepmom [ f, 50s] left my[f, 25] dad [m, 50s] with an email, destroyed him
Red pill friend
I(28F) left my husband(31M) after I found out he (31M) is Texting another woman
What is wrong?
My(16F) toxic parents don't give me my privacy, physically abuse me for normal things
Replacing friends with guys
My(23M) older sisters are trying to control my life and ruin my relationship
What is wrong?
I (26M) am stuck with my ex (27F) during quarantine and I don't know where else to turn.
Why can't I keep a relationship despite them starting off so good?
Should I (M18) confront her (17F) about mutual feelings again?
Need some advice
I (28f) think I was date raped at a party and don’t know how to tell my fiancé (30m).
I (24M) messed up with a girl (24F) I like
My (25f) boyfriend’s (24m) insecurities are taking a toll on me.
Girl I’ve been speaking to sent me pictures of someone else’s Instagram account. Red flag?
My bf (30M) and I (25F) were spending some time apart because *he* fucked up. It’s only been a day, and I found out he’s talking to sugar babies already. Do I have the right to be mad? [long post alert]
Girl I’ve been speaking to sent me pictures of someone else’s Instagram account. Red flag?
I(26M) told my girlfriend(23F) she was getting chubby
I (27 F) don’t know what to do about my ex (30 M)
My boyfriend [M29] says he want more sex and passion in our relationship, but he never initiates and often rejects me [F27]
What are some interesting things to do as a couple (23F and 23M) to strengthen our relationship while living separately during COVID?
I ( 27 F) don’t know what to do with my ex (30 M)
Am I (19F) being selfish by asking my girlfriend (26F) to stop spending money on her pet?
Am I (19F) selfish for wanting my girlfriend (26F) to stop spending money on her pet?
I keep having dreams of the same girl flirting with my bf
How do I [21/M] get over feelings for my [27/F] friend?
I (26 F) don’t know what to do with my ex. (30 M)
How do I help my (F19) boyfriend (M21) grieve?
My ex [M/28] dumped me [F/24] after a fight. The relationship was NOT good and he is not someone I want to be with. I think he is going to come back in about a month. How can I be prepared?
How do I [21/M] get over my feelings for my [27/F] friend?
My (26 M) partner (28 F) wants to be in an non monogamous relationship
My trasnger friend (m20) has been displaying problematic behaviors that have been really stressing me(f21). Thinking of distancing myself but is it the right choice?
What are some interesting projects to do as a couple while living separately during COVID period?
I (23F) ruined the first time my boyfriend (26M) and I said “I love you”
My [21M] brother [19M] always has to be right, yells at my parents, calls them names, and is ungrateful for so much that they do. Has anyone had a sibling like this? What can possibly be done to get him to behave better?
I (23F) ruined the first time my boyfriend (26M) and I said “I love you” and I’m ashamed
How have you mentally/emotionally come to terms with being in a relationship with someone who was heartbroken and may never stop loving their ex? (33F/37M, together 7 months)
I [22M] need an advice what to do next in this relationship
She wronged me bad. Not sure if I should enter in contact with her again. (m25, f23)
My(16F) toxic parents won't give me freedom for anything, and when they abuse me they tell me that they're doing that to "improve my character".
How have you mentally/emotionally come to terms with being in a relationship with someone who was heartbroken and may never stop loving their ex? (33F / 37M, together for 7 months)
GF(22) thinnks she isn't good enough for me (26) after something I said while joking around.
Fixing relationship after opening up about having retroactive jealousy ocd
My (22F) sister (27F) displays extreme aggression and mood swings and has done since a child, causing extreme distress for my family for decades but refuses to seek any form of help or change at all.
18M and 17F always on and off
situation
Recovering from opening up about my retroactive jealousy ocd
My Boyfriend of two months has told me now on multiple occasions that he is going to marry me and he just knows I’m the one. Is it crazy that I feel the same?
My (22F) sister (27F) displays extreme aggression and mood swings and has done since a child, causing extreme distress for my family for decades but refuses to seek any form of help or change at all.
Reddit, I [51M] messed up dearly by overreacting to my son's [22M] erotic illustrations and posting them on Facebook, causing him to cut me off entirely, to where I haven't heard anything from him in 2 years. I want to apologise and I need advice on how I can find him and get my message across.
Am I (39f) being ridiculous about him (40m) never mentioning me on social media? I feel a bit silly.
Wife cheated and I Feel Lost
Gifts in quarantine
Should I (26F) give up on the (23M) father of my unborn child?
My brother (25M) is extremely toxic and me (23F) and my younger brother (19M) are scared to live in our own home
One of my best friends befriended the girl that hates me
I am having my partner committed to a mental health and drug addiction facility today
GF thinks she isn't good enough for me after my comment while joking around.
What happened to your first love?
18M and 17F always on and off
My (26F) fiance’s (24M) ‘one that got away’ is objectively very attractive and it’s triggering all my insecurities
My ex (M30) is getting married to the girl he left me for
My (F25) boyfriend (M22) never told me he and a friend had sexual feelings for each other.
What's the best way for me [30F] to ask my friend [24F] to move out, without damaging our friendship?
My boyfriend [M27] has issues voicing his concerns or things that seriously bother him and I [F24] don’t know how to help with that
[26F] don't know how to reach out to my mom [60sF] and am considering cutting her off for good.
My ex is marrying the girl he left me for
I’m still in love with my ex(M20) and I can’t move on (F19)
Missing my best friend
My (22m) friend (f21) won’t date me because I watch porn
Missing my best friend
Am I (23F) wrong for expecting birthday acknowledgment from boyfriend (24M) after a bereavement?
Missing my best friend
Would it be weird for me (26F) to give my boyfriend’s (33M) mom (70F) a Mother’s Day gift?
I broke up with my ex 2 months ago but I still want her.
I 20 F get annoyed with/micromanage my boyfriend 28 M but he deserves it
Missing my best friend
Do you think you can be fully in love with more than one person at the same time?
Is it selfish to want to be exclusive?
My (26F) brother (33M) keeps taking advantage of our mom (75F)
Depressed ex [24 M] broke up with me [24 F] 6 weeks ago. Should I reach out to check in with him or continue to not contact him?
Any advice for online dating?
My boyfriend(M22) and I(F21) have been dating for 5 years, he tends to give me the silent treatment.
Would it still be meaningful if I(21M) give my partner things she(21F) had beg me for for over a year and says it doesn't really matter anymore if I do or not give her that even though she keeps mentioning it and complain about it?
Any advice for online dating?
My (27F) father (58m) survived coronavirus (yay) but is now suffering from what I think is PTSD induced Psychosis
Completely alone, Broken hearted and emotionally destroyed... i dont know what to do please help.
How can I (34F) communicate better with my (41M) boyfriend
I think I might be the toxic one
Would it still be meaningful if I(21M) give my partner things she(21F) had beg me for for over a year and says it doesn't really matter anymore if I do or not give her that even though she keeps mentioning it and complain about it?
I think I might be the toxic one
Long distance male friend (24m) keeps sending heart eyes on my photo and its making me (24f) feel weird and confused (8months)
I’m (24F) with my bf (25M) because I’m desperate not because I love him
How can I (34f) communicate better with my (41M) boyfriend?
My (29M) partner (29F) of 10 years unexpectedly broke up with me 2 days ago.
Still love my ex but also love current girlfriend
My (19M) new girlfriend(19F) is already amazing and supportive but I don’t know how to handle that.
Me (24M) and my ex (21F) is getting somewhere and I need your help.
BF Kept things from his past relationship in our new house?
My (25/f) mom (46/f) constantly overstep with my daughter (2.5/f) and makes me feel like a bad mother.
My boyfriend is the problem and I don’t know how to get him to realize it
Boyfriend (27m) seems mad that i (23f) don’t want a diamond engagement ring.
How can I (25M) tell my GF (22F) that I don't like her post saying she likes white guys
Is it okay for w 20(F) to have male friendships if in a relationship?
Reason behind men's pervert jokes
Broken Heart Survival Guide
Marriage without Rings or guests
My (26F) step dad (55M) completely shut me out after years of a strong relationship because of my cat...
Marriage without rings or people
Is it wrong that I (29M) don’t want to build relationships with others cause I have anger/depression issues?
I (18M) am interested in a girl (18M) but I don't know whats the best way to approach her
I wake up with anxiety
Broken Heart Survival Guide
I wake up with anxiety.
I (18M) am struggling to approach a girl (18F) that I am really attracted to
Am I being dramatic over this situation?
My (F25) boyfriend (M22) never told me he and a friend had sexual feelings for each other.
Is this a red flag?
Me [23F] with my boyfriend [23 M] 5 years, are these normal feelings, or should I break up with him?
I (21F) feel like I fall out of love with my partner (21M) sometimes.
This is the first time in 10 years my GF (F33) hasn't been high for 4/20 and she's raging mad at me (M33).
To date, or not to date, that is the question. I (M31) like one of my friends (F34). We hang out as a group, do several activities, share thoughts about various topics. As an inexperienced person, how to know that I am attracted to her as a romantic partner? She's on my mind for the past 6 months.
I (18f) argued with dad (48) over my cousins
My (F35) boyfriend (M31) has a mental illness & just shut me out and turn off his feelings. Anyone else have a partner with PTSD or depression with advice?
Am I a bad friend ?
25M insecure that GF posts online that she likes White Guys
I found someone that I’m happy with
Am I a bad friend ?
Girlfriend had an affair 1 week before we got together
Article related to couple’s therapy
Is it safe to visit my girlfriend during coronavirus BS
Here’s a trick for you or your partner to last longer in bed:
Is my (23F) boyfriend (24M) of 3 years still hung up on his ex?
I don't know what feelings anymore, please help me
How do I get my mother (F60) to treat me (F 25) like an actual human regarding my mental health?
I don't know what I'm feeling anymore, I need an advice please
I, a (25F) am wondering, do toxic people change?
My(27/f) bf (27/m) has been let go. What to do?
Do toxic people ever eventually change? For the better of themselves? Or will they always live the same life?
Curious about bf's past relationship: is it retroactive jealousy?
My boyfriend looks much older than me and people judge me for that
How do you know if she's lost interest in you in an LDR
Should I give my boyfriend some space since he ignored my last text?
Retroactive Jelaousy- I need help/ insights
My friend (M23) is beginning to frustrate me (23M)
I (24M) am getting frustrated with my friend (24M)
My best friend (23F) turned against me (21F) is it my fault?
How can I help my boyfriend overcome his emotional 'block' concerning marriage?
My (F/20) ex (F/22) is spreading lies about me to everyone she knows.
My boyfriend wants to watch me work out (through video call) but I don't want to because I'm quite awkward. Am I being too fussy?
I (30F) hate my partner (35M) watching porn.
My best friend of 3 years (23 F) and I (21 F) aren't speaking. Is it my fault
Me 31(m) want to help inspire my gf 27(f) to lose weight.
I [26F] don't know how to reach out to my mom [60sF] and am considering cutting her off for good.
My (22,f) best friend (22,f) of seven years ghosted me and I don't know how to cope
My best friend arent speaking to each other am i the reason why?
My girlfriend (20F) hates me (25M)
Me 31(M) lost attraction for S.O 27(F) how can I help her lose weight
My girlfriend (20F) hates me (25M)
My girlfriend (20F) hates me (25M)
My girlfriend hates me
My boyfriend (45M) and I (34F) had a fight and I’m afraid he’s going to leave me
Is there something wrong with me? (I hope I'm writing in the right place)
Would this be too an extravagant present for the person I’m dating? [26M] [22F]
I'm (27F) fed up with jealously and third person issue in my relationship. Please help
I (25M) am having a hard time staying with my Fiance (25F)
I think my girlfriend is going to break up with me and I don't know how to feel about it
Was he just trying to hookup with me
My (m23) girlfriend (f22) is angry because I asked for a nude and didn't use it to masturbate. I can't understand why
I made out with my friend's hookup at a party and it turned ugly. Was I out of line or did he overreact?
My Dad (52M) is struggling to get over my Mum (51F). How can I (22M) best help him?
Sunday fight between (33M) and wife (35F), telling her to jump of a cliff!
I'm fed up with jealousy. Please help
My Dad (52M) is suicidal about my Mum(51F) leaving him. How can I help him?
I (25M) am having a hard time staying with my Fiance (25F).
I’m [24 F] interested in this guy [24 M] but one of my close friends [24 F] recently had a fling with his brother [26 M]. Should I avoid?
My Dad (52M) is depressed over my Mum (51F) leaving him. How can I help him?
I (26M) ghost people Way too much. How do I stop?
Ok should I send this to a boy that I’ve been talking to that I used to go to the same school as but he moved away and we started talking recently but it’s been ughhhhh and I want to be alone rn?
Boyfriend pushes me to be a better person, but it’s only making me insecure.
I (25M) am having a hard time staying with my Fiance (25F). Been together 1.5 years.
What should I (16M) do about my dad (35) beating my mom (34)?
I (26M) cannot stop ghosting people
My (m23) girlfriend (f22) is angry because I asked for a nude and didn't use it to masturbate. I can't understand why
My bf doesn’t want to come over... EVER
It's it ok to dump your gf on the basis of a hunch?
I (25M) am having a hard time staying with my (25F) Fiance. I feel conflicted.
My (m23) girlfriend (f22) is angry because I asked for a nude and didn't use it to masturbate. I can't understand why
I think i like my best friend who has a boyfriend help me ;-; .
Is Love Meaningless?
BF said he doesn’t like vaginas
I (M22) am trying to figure out of this (F23) is interested in me.
I (M22) am trying to figure out if this girl (F22) is actually into me or if she is just being friendly.
My (m18) girlfriend (18f) just told me covid-19 is punishment for white people and I don’t know how to react.
Conundrum with Ex-Partner and His Close Friend
I (18F) can’t sleep without my boyfriend (22M)
I am 31 he was 23 i was in 1.5 year of serious relationship. We broke up and i am unable to continue my normal life. Can anyone advise anything?
I need to know if this is all my fault
He was 23 i am 31 i was in serious relationship for 1.5 years. I am unable to continue my normal life. Can anyone advise anything?
ex closure pls
Was he just trying to get in my pants
My (32M) lack of financial stability is affecting my self-esteem.
I was 31 he was 23 we were in a 1.5 of relationship. My life ended the day he left me.
I [19m] broke the promise I made with my girlfriend [20f] brother's [24]
My life ended the day you left me
Hi i’m (21M) in a situation I don’t really know how/where to start. I haven’t been with a girl in about 3 years now and I just truly don’t know where to go from here.
So my dad [45M] just said that I [20M] am not his son just because I refused to make extra accounts to vote for my brother [20M] in a competition.
My (f31) roommate (f28) and her husband are very difficult to be around
So my dad [45M] just said that I [20M] am not his son just because I refused to make extra accounts to vote for my brother [20M] in a competition.
My [M36] income is vastly different from my partner [F35], any experiences?
Am I (f/28) right to feel rejected by my bf (m/21)?
I [19 m] broke a promise i made with my gf[20f] brother's
So my dad [45M] just said that I [20M] am not his son just because I refused to make extra accounts to vote for my brother [20M] in a competition.
My (F19) childhood friend (F18) wants to be friends/possibly romantic partners with my abusive ex and won’t stop trying to make me feel guilty about not talking to her anymore
I[41m] keep having this hunch that my friend/ex[42f] is going through a secret crisis. How can I show my care and support and concern but also respect her privacy?
I[41m] keep having this hunch that my friend/ex[42f] is going through a secret crisis. How can I show my care and support and concern but also respect her privacy?
Having an Significant other over during the lockdown
My [31M] girlfriend[29F]'s boyfriend texted her that he'll always be waiting for her and will be breaking the legs of whoever hurts her. Is this normal?
Boyfriend eats skin dirt
I[41m] keep having this hunch that my friend/ex[42f] is going through a secret crisis. How can I show my care and support and concern but also respect her privacy?
Final update: not sure how to tell my parents I’m moving away
My dad just said that I am not his son because I refused to make extra accounts to vote for my brother who has taken part in a competition. What should I do?
My bf eats skin dirt
Final update: not sure how to tell my parents I’m moving away
How do/should I [28, F] tell my BF [38, M] [7 months] about unplanned pregnancy?
I keep having this hunch that my friend/ex is going through a secret crisis.
My boyfriend struggles with english and Its becoming a turnoff
I 18m have found a former crush/ significant impact on my life (18f). Should I reach out to tell her how grateful I am to meet her.
Gf doesn’t want to be a worm (??)
Give a girl the heaven and she will give you the hell...
I (F17) feel like my boyfriend (M18) will never love me as much as his first girlfriend.
My Girlfriend cried about being a work
I (F17) feel like my boyfriend (M18) will never love me as much as his first girlfriend
My (22 F) new boyfriend (25 M) doesn't like/hasn't tried most basic foods. What's a chef to do?
I (F26) started talking to my Instagram crush (F21) and now I feel weird!
I (F17) feel like my boyfriend (M18) will never love me as much as his first girlfriend.
Been thinking a lot about leaving my (22M) girlfriend (25F) even though I still love her.
My Girlfriend (16), who I haven't seen in a month, gets mad at me when I (M 16) play video games with my mates, who I also haven't seen in a month
I (18M) want to tell a friend of mine (16F) I love her, but I don't know when or how.
How do you tell your partner that you wanna refrain from all sexual activity before marriage?
What are the signs of a manipulative Boyfriend?
Is it normal to frequently think about leaving my (22M) girlfriend (25M)?
I’m falling love but afraid it’s doomed - should I get out now before it’s too late?
Relationship death if I refuse to go to my SO's family home?
Fiance (31F) does not want me (31M) to know about filial payments to parents. I may need some cultural perspective.
Relationship death if I refuse to go over to my boyfriend's house?
Couples bonding game
I'm [26M] afraid relationship scars from an overly-critical narcissistic ex are jeopardizing my current relationship
Was he just trying to get in my pants
My (f31) roommate (f28) and her husband are very difficult to be around
I don’t understand why my (28, F) Mom (56, F) displays strange and explosive anger.
How can I help my brother?
Fiancé cheated on me and broke up with me. Cant stop crying
Was he just trying to get in my pants
I (25F) really need to let this out, my family makes me so sad, I can’t do it anymore
My [M36] income is vastly different from my partner [F35], any experiences?
When physical attraction doesn't match personality attraction, what to do?
How do I help my brother?
According to others, I’m (M30s) am too nice but also a dick.
I (20M) think I like someone (19F) and I don't know what to do
I need advice to be a healthy partner for my relationship
How do I tell my sister that her Facebook posts about her baby are kind of... mean?
I don’t know what to feel? Should I talk to her?
I need advice to be a healthy partner in my relationship
My (F27) Boyfriend (M29) is a Nurse in NYC: What Can I Do?
Girl [25F] I'm [30M] dating that I really like wants a threesome but I'd never be okay with it
My girlfriend (15F) likes a show I (15M) don't like and she says 'I love you' too much and I don't know how to tell her those things
Was I too hard on my son?
[RANT] (23)M falling out of love with my girlfriend(22) is this the beginning of the end or just me going stir crazy?
How Should I (15M) Tell My girlfriend (15F) That I don't like stuff that she likes and that she says I love you too much
Really struggling and need help getting back up
Guy I'm Talking To (M22) Says Other Girl Out of His League
Was I too hard on my son?
Was I too hard on my son?
My (F27) Boyfriend (M29) Is A Nurse in New York and I Want to Support Him
sugar daddy nairobi,call girls,escorts,nsa,KENYA DATING AGENCY 0721752982.get connected to sugar daddy,sugar mummy nairobi,cougars,escorts,nsa,white sugar daddy,call girls.legit and real sugar daddies in Kenya.for connection text the word "hepay" to 0721752982
My BF mom is smoking inside our apartment
What is the best thing about having a guy best friend? Or having a friend that is the opposite sex? P/s: sorry for my English :<
Why can’t I (18 F) get over him (19 M)?
Why can’t I (18 F) get over him (19 M)?
Me and My Girlfriend Cuddle Too Much?
New YouTube:)
My boyfriend looks like the person who raped me
Boyfriend (20M) lied about enjoying playing a game together with me (24F)
Friend (22M) suddenly stopped messaging me, takes days to reply... what did I do wrong?
I( F28) not sure how to deal with my husband(m38) winning
I want my ex back
Why can’t I stop thinking about him?
My (16M) friend (16M) makes me hate things I enjoy.
16 (F) and 16 (F) wondering if I was overthinking and how to stop it?
25M insecure that 22F prefers white guys.
Should I [26 F] Have a Difficult Conversation With My Friend [26 M]?
Crush on an older guy who is a member of the gym I work at??
Crush on a member at the gym I work at!!
(16) F and (16) F wondering if I am overthinking or not and how to stop it?
My(M18) Gf(F20) occasionally calls me names and it makes me feel sad
[20f] bf[20m] has feelings for another girl but broke up saying he just wasn't ready to be in a relationship at all
How to move on? (m21)
25M insecure that 22F prefers white guys?
Sugar mummy
Me and My Girlfriend Cuddle Too Much?
Acute jealous over GF past BF is haunting me. How to unsee pictures?
My (f16) mom (f49) is anti vax and is only buying homeopathic supplies for covid-19 and calling it “not a big deal.”
My (f16) mom (f49) is anti vax and is only buying homeopathic supplies for covid-19 and calling it “not a big deal.”
I am feeling insecure because my GF flaked and posted she likes white guys
My [22] girlfriend’s [23] ex keeps threatening self harm on herself, because of their breakup *trigger warning*
My [32] cheating boyfriend [36] said he wouldn't put up with my anger and that I would not change
My (26F) best friend (26F) uninvited then invited me back to wedding..
Boyfriend needs space but we are already quarantined apart
I (18f) am completely infertile, and I think My boyfriend (20m) of two years wants kids of his own. He has hope for a miracle baby someday.
Should I do it?
I (18f) am completely infertile, and I think My boyfriend (20m) of two years wants kids of his own. He has hope for a miracle baby someday.
Ex liked my old text
My ex (22m) and i (22f) complicated situation
Having trouble communicating with my SO about my need for verbal affection
How do I deal with my boyfriend (30M) moving to another country in few months?
How much sex should mean in a relationship?
What is my (32F) bf (33M) waiting for?
Having trouble communicating with my SO (M25) about my need for verbal affection
23M broke up 3 year relationship with 21F
(M24) I can never fake a connection with people
My insecurity might mess up my relationship
My (26F) brother (33M) keeps taking advantage of our mom (65F)
Happy tears
My husband has ADHD and anger problems. He verbally abuses me regularly. What do I do?
How much sex should mean in a relationship?
Did he just want to hookup with me
My mother(50) cannot hold a conversation without turning it into complaints when talking to me(25)
I, [F 13] am trying to maintain a healthy relationship with my girlfriend [F 13], but we’re both in quarantine and her parents are homophobic.
Is there a way to deal with my mother’s negativity?
My (18F) ex (20M) is flirty and almost essentially guilting me into getting back with him
I [21m] trying my hardest to keep a friendship together with a woman [f20]
Dumped girlfriend over text
My [30 F] mother [72 F] has not spoken to me for almost ten years, is now reaching out, sending me things, etc. I don't know what to do or say partially because I don't want to make issues for my sister [35 F]
Would I [24F] be justified in asking my bf [27M] responded to a girl flirting with him online?
I (26F) always have constant expectations for my bf (31M)
How do I [42M] convince my daughter [15F] that I love her as much as I love her twin sister? [15F]
need help overcoming insecurities in my relationship (F19)
Should I stay or should I go?
need help overcoming insecurities in my relationship
How can I (22F) tell my friend (22F) to stay away from me in the best way possible?
1 year anniversary... in lockdown....
Help with ideas for our first anniversary... in lockdown...
Long distance communication tips?
Advice on communicating long distance?
I (21f) can’t get over mean things my boyfriend (24m) said years ago, but want to. How?
Should I stay or should I go?
Me (14M) and my brother (16M) got into a physical fight cause he owes me money
My (25F) step-dad (42M) asked to be added to my credit card, maxed it out, and now I don't know what to do
I (23 F) have realized I have issues with intimacy after meeting someone new (23 M)
Online friend revealed her face to everyone but me
Ex still sending angry emails after 4 years.
I (23 F) have realized I have issues with intimacy after meeting someone new (23 M)
Should I be more dominate?
My fiance (35m) is way hotter than I (33f) am, and it's starting to really get to me.
I (21f) can’t get over mean things my boyfriend (24m) said a year ago but I want to. Help?
If you were the woman on the other end of this situation, how would you prefer it be handled?
Should I be more dominant?
Fiance (35M) is way more attractive than I(33f) am, it's making me more and more insecure about myself.
Should I be more dominate?
My boyfriend always says hurtful exaggerated things when we argue.
When my GF (23F) told me how many sexual experiences she’s had, it gave me (22M) a very weird feeling and I don’t know how to stop feeling it.
I [21 M] am considering breaking up with my girlfriend [F 19] because of her instagram posts and it seems ridiculous and I'd appreciate some advice
I'm [M 21] considering breaking up with my girlfriend [F 19], and was hoping for some advice. Is it wrong to break up with someone for being provocative on instagram?
My boyfriend says I’m the issue and I don’t know how to get him to realize it’s him
Is my (27) relationship with my gf (28) toxic?
Interracial couple (21M and 21F) have a cultural problem stopping relationship progression
Is my (27) relationship with my gf (28) toxic?
Should I text ex happy cake day?
I’ve (26f) never had an orgasm with a partner - been lying to bf (32m) of 5 years
Is my relationship toxic?
I (22F) resent my friend (24M) and I’m not sure why
fiancée goes on break, ghosts me, and starts dating someone else
30/m and 30/f found wife messaging someone on snapchat.
Wife recently started snapchat found a random guy
I (23F) am trapped in a relationship with my boyfriend (24M)
How to explain to my boyfriend( 24M) that i(20F) can’t see him during quarantine
I (23, F) am making an escape plan from my home where I am in lockdown with my very religious family who is driving me insane, to join my bf and my cat .
I [20F] am doing better in my life than my older sister [24], who feels insecure about it, and I am slowly resenting her lounging about at home. How can I empower her, reduce my resentment, and/or reduce this tension?
My (32 M) girlfriend (22 F) won't speak to me after my post had gone viral.
Why is it so hard to find good friends?
Why is it so hard to find good friends?
How to help girlfriend be less emotionally dependent?
I [22M] broke up with my girlfriend [22F] because she wanted an open relationship and might be lesbian
I [22M] broke up with my girlfriend [22F] because she wanted an open relationship and might be lesbian
Have y'all ever gotten back with an ex and it turn out fine?
Missing my(25f) ex-boyfriend(28m) after two and a half years
Broke up with my [22M] girlfriend [22F] because she wants to have an open relationship and might be lesbian
Have y'all ever gotten back together with an ex after a long period of no contact? How did it work for y'all?
Quarantine killing my impending relationship
Whelp (21 female 23 male
Emotional abuse in relationships?
Girlfriend too emotional dependent
Am I the asshole in our fights?
Overcoming touch aversion for my partner?
Ex bf (19M) touched me (19F) while I was asleep
I (20M) need help getting over ex-girlfriend's (22F) hurtful betrayal
Why do I miss my abusive ex?
My [21M] girlfriend [23F] of two weeks is very emotionally dependent on me and I feel exhausted
I (25/F) really miss my ex-bestfriend (25/F), should I reach out to her?
My boyfriend is a slut (but so am I)
Me [23 M] with my girlfriend [22 F] have been dating long distance for 8-9 months (we lived together at the start of the relationship, almost a year and a half) and I'm starting to struggle
I (20M) need help getting over ex-girlfriend's (22F) hurtful betrayal
Ex bf (30M) told me that if I was a man, he would have kicked me (29F) in the head, but he doesn't hit women. Was this abuse?
Quarantine slowly killing my impending relationship
Why do I (24m) base my entire self worth on the amount of attention I get from my fair weather girlfriend of 3 years (21f) and feel suicidal without a partner to validation my existence?
UPDATE: Me (24 M) with my exgirlfriend (24 F) after 3 months of weird unclear breakup, need to vent about this and get some outside perspective. Dont need to sugarcoat it if you think i am wrong.
I (24F) am being stalked by a self-proclaimed "fan" (25M)
My [f21] weird sexual attraction to by bf’s [m22] ex-gf [f20].
My (F28) mom (F56) and dad (M60) just got into a huge fight built up from over the years and want to divorce
My [f21] weird sexual attraction to my bf’s [m22] ex-gf [20]
Girlfriend wants to take a picture together
Is sex THAT important?
Someone needs to hear this.
I don’t think I’m in love with my (19M) girlfriend (19F), but she is in love with me
How do I [42M] convince my daughter [15F] that I love her as much as her twin sister? [15F]
Why do I (24m) base my entire self worth on the amount of attention I get from my fair weather girlfriend of 3 years (21f) and feel suicidal without a partner to validate my existence
Feelings seem to be changing between a friend (32M) and myself (25F). How best to proceed?
Dreaming about a Friend
Facebook Opportunist
My (20F) sister (17F) won't take adulthood seriously
Facebook Opportunist
My (20F) little sister (17F) won't take adulthood seriously
Me [32M] with my friend with benefits [26F] of about 2 years had a serious argument about her wanting money from me for her time. Thoughts and advice?
How do I (M25) stop getting riled up from my gf's (F21) seemingly disturbing past relationship?
Advice Needed: Dreaming About a Friend
My (20F) little sister (17F) refuses to take adulthood seriously
Will I (24M) ever feel confident in my choice of a partner?
Have you ever gone from a FWB to a romantic monogamist relationship?
Was he just looking to hookup
Did I (20M) dodge a bullet, or is she (21F) the one that got away?
My husband (M23) won't open up to me.
My (34F) partner's (32M) ex won't leave him alone.
How to be loyal
How do I (M25) stop getting riled up about my gf's (F21) seemingly disturbing past relationship?
Should I be upset if my (24f) boyfriend (25m) still has feelings for his ex?
update: Me [24 M] with my Ex [24 f] in a way relationship 3 months after breakup
My husband won't open up to me.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) may have feelings for his ex. is it a deal breaker?
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Roommate's boyfriend is a jerk and she won't acknowledge it.
Is it a deal breaker if your SO has feelings for their ex even though theres no chance of them getting back together?
update: Me [24 M] with my ex [24 F] weird post break up relationship
My (21M) GF'S (18F) Has Hurt Me, Might Be Just Me
Roommate's boyfriend is a complete asshat, and I can't get her to see that
Should my (23F) boyfriend (M28) help me with Bills?
He’s DL and I have to keep it on the DL?!
My (M29) girlfriend's (F27) difference in diet/ health stresses me out
My best friend of 3years (both F21) is mad I’m friends with her brother (M19). Am I wrong to stay friends with him?
Would you stay friends with someone that talks bad about your friend
Both me (F21) and my boyfriend (m21) are unattractive. Looking for success stories.
Told him I’m married and now he’s ignoring me
My boyfriend (24) has changed his mind about living with me (21) and I am scared
I'm scared I developed a crush on a girl I saw online.
I'm starting to realize that my girlfriend is unintelligent.
My (M29) girlfriend's (F27) difference in diet/ health stresses me out
Not sure what I(27F) should do for my 6yr anniversary with my boyfriend(27M) during shelter in place
I have a crush!
My husband won't open up to me.
My (20F) aunt and uncle (40s) are about to lose their dog to cancer. How can I help?
Am I (24F) too sensitive for getting upset over cursing during a fight?
My (20F) aunt and uncle (40s) are about to lose their dog to cancer. How can I help?
Bff crushing on me?
Older brother (33/m) and my issues (31/f)
My boyfriend (24) backed out of plans to move in with me (21) for seemingly no reason
My (21f) boyfriend (24m) is backing out of our plans to move in together
I’m having relationship doubts— what to do?
Was he just trying to sleep with me
Is my bff crushing on me?
I'm looking for ideas for a cozy Friday night at home with my bf [M24] and I! [F24]
Can you have a successful relationship with someone who your friends almost unanimously don't approve of?
Is my boyfriend worth being with?
Why does my(27f) boyfriend(25m) only compliment me when he's getting a bj, we are having sex, or when I have a mental breakdown/suicidal tendencies?
Boyfriend says I'm suffocating him
Bf M(27) randomly brings up exes and it bothers me.
Not sure what I(F27) should do for my 6 year anniversary with my (26M)boyfriend in Shelter in place.
I [24f] haven't seen my husband [25m, 3 years] in three months due to these difficult times - talking makes it worse, how do we keep our relationship alive?
My boyfriend has slept with over 60 women...
My boyfriend has slept with over 60 people...
How do i cope with the fact that my boyfriend was a player before?
I Want My Sister to Cover Up More
I(19M) am having embarrassing moments with my friend(19F) and I'm attracted to her
Boyfriend doesn't care about my needs
Reasons couples fight/break up?
SEE YOURSELF THE WAY I SEE YOU
Reasons couples fight/break up?
I (24F) am being stalked by 25M
Boyfriend doesn't care about my needs
Guy (21m) that I (19f) was talking to for half a year started talking to the girl he told me not to worry about. Really need advice
SEE YOURSELF THE WAY I SEE YOU
SEE YOURSELF THE WAY I SEE YOU
I'm having embarrassing moments with my friend and I'm attracted to her
I (m24) “broke up” with my gf (22) because she did something insane and now I don’t know what to do
I’m a 24M talking to a 25M. How to get over insecurities and paranoia dating?
How to cope with sunk cost
How should I (18F) go about cutting off half of my family?
I feel like my boyfriend and I have lost our spark.
Looking to meet someone during quarrentine?
How do I (18F) go about cutting off my dads side of the family?
How do I fight the urge to be single as of lately?
How do I deal with wanting to be single urges?
Biracial mama and researcher hoping to graduate and do some good :)
What song is this?
My (21F) friend (19F) keeps asking me to edit all of her school work.
I (25F) am worried that I'm not communicating the current state of my depression with my partner (25F) well enough.
My [32] boyfriend [36] posts about his ex girlfriends, sexts strangers and is addicted to social media validation. Is this wrong?
How to cope with sunk cost
Analyzing why I might want to break up with her. What are my motives?
He Lied. Should I Give Him Another Chance?
Do Men need to be Motivated by their SO in order to Clean the House, organize, Take Care of Themselves and be better Partners/Fathers ?
We've known each other closely for 2 years, and yet still have not exchanged a proper real-time conversation through the phone or even text [21M/22F]
I [22M] have deep feelings for a [24F] I met 3 years ago, and had no contact ever since.
My Boyfriend promised me he'd make time for me, and then ditched me last minute
Partner Never Uses My Name? Do You?
Partner Never Uses My Name? Why?
We've known each other closely for 2 years, and yet still have not exchanged a proper real-time conversation through the phone or even text [21M/22F]
I (18 F) just broke up with my (19 M) boyfriend. Why do I miss dating him?
My boyfriend hates my nicotine habit and calls me trailer trash.
How can I (24F) make my boyfriend (27M) understand that the way he fights is unhealthy and mean?
My [21f] boyfriend [20m] was "too tired" to comfort me while my brother was in the hospital
My boyfriend hates my nicotine habit and calls me trailer trash for it
I [21F] hate my best friend's [21F] girlfriend [21F]
If my mental health makes me TOXIC, he (M26) should leave, but does this mean I am (f25) doomed to be forever alone ?
My [21f] boyfriend [20m] was "too tired" to comfort me while my brother was in the hospital
My (26M) sister (25F) went nuclear on me for taking some of our grandmother’s (75F) adult diapers.
Something happened last night that made me uncomfortable
Should I (F,25) apologize to my ex boyfriend (M,28) who I cheated on almost a year ago? F
He Lied. Should I Still Forgive Him?
cant figure out if i want to come back or not? am i being selfish, is my mind playing tricks? help please, can’t turn off this endless loop (25M)
How do you make friends?
I need a way out.
My (17F) parents (44F, 47M) are threatening to stop giving me lunch money
Update: I Didn't Let My Girlfriend Shower With Me
If my (f25) mental health makes me TOXIC, then my partner(M27) dererves better. But where does that leave me? Forever alone?
Sexual harrasment at work
i can’t figure out if i want to stay or go and it’s driving me mentally to the brink? please help me make the right choice! (25M)
Should I [25F] give my ex [24M] a second chance?
My bf and I have multiple arguments
Update: I Didn't Let My Girlfriend Shower With Me
I never know how to answer questions about if I'm seeing someone
I broke up with my bf 2 months ago. Now I’m sad
I’m so scared [18M]
Analyzing why I want to break up
Sexually frustrated with my partner, is there an appropriate respectful way to bring this up to her?
I (early 40s F) accepted there is no hope, how do I accept in my heart when we (late 30s M) still love each other?
I broke up with my bf 2 months ago. Now I’m sad.
When my [f22] boyfriend [27] gets high it takes me back to being child with alcoholic parents
I [35 M] with my ex [40 F] of 3 years, almost reconnected but just had terrible timing. I feel such a loss
Thinking about leaving my girlfriend overnight without saying anything. Not sure what to do.
Reasons couples fight/break up?
If my mental health makes me TOXIC, he really should leave..- but does that mean I am doomed to be forever alone?
I (early 40s F) accepted there is no hope, how do I accept in my heart when we (late 30s M) still love each other?
Something that happened last night.
Constant arguments
Confused about how to answer questions about my future
I (24M) am feeling a bit betrayed and awkward with my Best friend (18F) and sister after she dated with my other friend. Is it normal to feel like this? Or do I have to adjust instead?
The transit cop who stole my heart pt 8
I [22 M] with the girl [22 F] I have been essentially virtually dating for about 2 months, need advice on how to navigate a relationship that has started budding through FaceTime and text screens.
Im Confused About My Relationship. Don't know if i should Stay or Leave.
Should I Text My Ex Back?
I (24M) am feeling a little bit betrayed by my best friend (18F) and sister after she dated my other friend for a little bit. Is this normal or is this something I have to adjust to?
Not ready for a relationship? Or soft rejection??
My Stalker Ex
I (24M) am feeling betrayed and a little hurt that my sister (18F) and best friend was once dating and is now good friends with one of my friends. Is this normal or is this something I have to learn to adjust to?
Help me (23F) get out please.
Need some help dealing with aggression in a new marriage (M/F 24)
I miss my boyfriend so much.
I [18M] hooked up with my mother’s [42F] best friend [27F] after staying home alone with her. I have feelings for her and I don’t know how to handle this.
relationship break
Not ready for a relationship? Or soft rejection?
What to do? Advice?
Do guys slowdown texting after initial get-to-know you stages?
I [23M] Need Advice on a Girl [22F] who I Met and Fell for Online
How to rebuild intimacy, and self image after betrayal trauma.
Do guys start texting less as a relationship goes compare to the initial get-to-know you stages?
My fiancé is controlling. How do I get him to stop?
I [36M] am recovering from my wife's [33F] severe, years-long abuse after a DV incident and the stress is starting to get to me.
Caught my boyfriend in a lie while browsing his tab history and now I feel like I can’t call him on it.
A guy I'd been dating for six months just told me he still might have feelings for his ex. I broke up. Should I have stayed?
Am I being overly sensitive?
Me (30F) with him (26M), have you ever fallen deeply in love while mutually mourning the loss of a past friend/lover? (Her, 22F)
Need some help dealing with aggression in a new marriage
Caught my boyfriend in a lie by browsing his tab history while he let me watch Netflix on his computer.
Is it bad if I (24F) don’t want my boyfriend (30M) talking to women he has had sex with?
Am I too sensitive?
I've (27M) left my girlfriend (24F) because I've developed feelings for my coworker (25F)
Advice needed from straight people about boyfriends past hookups who he keeps as friends.
What to do?
Is it bad if I (24F) don’t want my boyfriend (30M) talking to women he’s had sex with?
How do I repair damage to my (F early 20s) relationship with my husband (M early 20s) after repeated betrayal trauma?
Is it bad to not want your boyfriend talking to girls he has had sex with?
Emotionally unstable girlfriend
My (M27) girlfriend (F25) told me that she has a close male friend who she had romantic feelings for.
After a DV incident, I'm recovering from years of my spouse's psychological, emotional, physical and financial abuse, but with the COVID epidemic, I'm finding out how far it really went. (long)
My (M27) girlfriend (F25) told me that she has a close male friend who she had romantic feelings for.
I (18M) need to tell my soccer coach (30M) that I want to quit.
I don’t know how to fix my [23 M] relationship with my gf [24 F] after the death of her father a year ago. I feel worthless
Emotionally unstable girlfriend
I (20F) am confused about the nature of my relationship with the (21M) guy I've been talking to.
My boyfriend (25m) is mad and guilt tripping me (24f) for not going to see him while we’re supposed to be quarantined.
I(19F) don’t know how to initiate sex with my bf(21M)
Boyfriend (22 M) didn't think I (19 F) was attractive when we first met
My grandmother (89F) lives with me (20F) and my parents (56F, 75M) and is driving us absolutely crazy by defending my Aunt (60? F) who has been nothing but selfish and inconsiderate towards us.
My (21M) girlfriend (19F) of 7 months wants a break
Update - Going through a 3 years break up. (21M) (21F)
I (21F) am starting to have doubts about my relationship with my boyfriend (25M).
My grandmother (90F) who lives with us is driving me and my parents insane.
Can a relationship survive with different interests of communication? Me [f/27] and partner [m/30]?
My 34F girlfriends always shift blame to me 26M
Is there an appropriate respectfully way to approach your significant other about being sexually frustrated?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]?
I [27, M] said something that I regret...
My (34F) girlfriend keeps shifting blame onto me (26M)
Passive aggressive behavior is ruining our relationship
My boyfriend (25m) is mad and guilt tripping me (24f) for not going to see him while we’re supposed to be quarantined.
My gf (34F) keeps shifting blame to me (26M)
I(25m) think my girlfriend(24f) zaps my energy and we argue a lot and I'm not sure whether to end this relationship(3 yr) or not
I want him back
My parents have radicalized
I (22F) could use advice with the ordeals of my Mother (37F). There are many listed in this most that I will bullet point in the TL;DR.
My parents have radicalized
My (30M) new girlfriend (24F) just told me someting about her sexual/relationship past and it is bothering me
Boyfriend (21m) wants me (21f) to take his last name when we’re married
Help! My parents are becoming extremists.
My gf (22F) doesnt believe my (im 21M) compliments about her looks and thinks im only saying them to make her feel better. She doesn't believe I love her as much as I tell her.
Boyfriend (21m) wants me (21f) to take his last name
My boyfriend is mad at me and guilt tripping me because I won’t visit him when we’re supposed to be quarantined.
My (30M) new girlfriend (24F) just told me someting about her sexual/relationship past and it is bothering me
What should I do with a blame shifting girlfriend?
Bf [26m] and I fighting over giant nasty shakes he keeps making for me [25f]
"UPDATE" dumped GF during social distancing
Is it normal to remember little things about people or am I (25F) just a really sh*tty friend?
Confused
Dumped GF during social distancing
Should I focus on losing weight first or dating while losing weight?
What do I do? Please help.
My bf(24y) leaves me confused and angry
Those who have closed the door on toxic on-again-off-again relationships, how did you finally end it?
Boyfriend (m20) wants me (f19) to stop smoking in exchange for him to stop vaping
I [19M] realized that I was toxic to my best friends [17F, 17F]
My bf(24) makes me feel confusing and angry
I M21 left abusive 3 year relationship and would like to reconnect with an old friend
Should I send my friend message apologizing ?
In a committed relationship, guy asked for my number and I thought about what to say
Ex just texted me (she dumped me btw)
Any ‘break up to make up’ success stories ?
Torn between two guys, and I have no idea how to choose
Girlfriend now wants to wait until marriage to have sex.
My (25f) boyfriend (24f) thinks hiding my jealousy is worse than being jealous?
Any ‘break up - then make up’ success stories?
My bestfriend (M21) proposed me (F22) and then left me but I can't move on
Torn between two guys, and I have no clue how to choose
My bestfriend proposed and then left me
My (21/F) little sister (14/F) is ignoring me because of her half brother (17/M)
Should I reach out to my best friend who I’m not speaking to right now after finding out her father is gravely ill?
Avoidant boyfriend
Offended with my boyfriend
I ( 33 m ) cheated on my gf (35 f) and regret it very much . I don’t know if I should tell her or not .
I (24M) don't know if it's a good idea to write a letter to a girl (21) I've been talking to
He (27 M) wants to travel during the pandemic. I (24 F) don’t know how to voice my concerns without causing another pandemic-related fight.
He wants to travel during the pandemic
Getting an avoidant personality style to talk
I messed it up bad with the boy that I love, I'm not sure how to continue. This is my first genuine heartache.
How to see my friends naked (M16)?
Married for 3 months and husband cheats
Emotional abuse, or am I overreacting?
Confused
Getting an avoidant personality style to talk
Cheated on 3 months after being married
My boyfriend's (23 M) past is biting me in the ass and I (20 F) don't know how to handle the situation.
(24) year old female wondering if it's ok to go on a date with the brother of a guy I went on date once before.
Divorce or Threesome?
My younger sister is very emotionally dependent on me and my opinions.
I (24M) don't know if it's a good idea to write a letter to a girl (21) I've been talking to
Is it normal for a spouse to jokingly say “I am going to beat you?” Or “I am going to slap you”?
(m/25)My gf (F/24) always gets defensive and makes the problem constantly about her
My younger sister is very emotionally dependent on me and my opinions.
My friend (29m) was insulted by something I (26f) said and since has been acting like I don’t exist
Do I (34f) need to apologize to my Aunt (60ish)
I’m very confused at the moment
Husband wants 3some with male.
[serious] should i disown my mom?
I (24) year old female wondering if it is ok to date the brother of a guy I went on a date with once.
Gift for a new couple
Gift for a new couple
Is it ok to date the brother of a guy I went out with once?
I can't listen a song that call "Paula" cause if I do it my girl get mad. (Paula is a name of an ex)
Boyfriend forced me to have sex during our first year together, I still carry so much resentment after 5 years
My (22 F) boyfriend (25 M) who is a recovering heroin addict wants to smoke weed after being 2 years and 3 months sober
My girlfriend thinks the spark between us has gone.
How can I [29F] convince my husband [34F] to allow us to invest in "unethical" ways?
I Want Sister to Cover Up More
I [F21] plan of moving to be with my boyfriend [M20] of 3 1/2 years
My (21F) girlfriend (22F) acts distant since she sent me a picture of her when she was younger
Hi, for anyone who has been in an abusive relationship, what were some early signs you noticed before your relationship turned physical?
Have you ever recovered from a cheat? My girlfriend just cheated
Am I (25f) strange for never having casual sex?
I’m really let down that my Fiancé (M 26) too lazy to celebrate my (F 28) birthday.
M[25] in need of break-up advice and general life clarifications.
Fiancé (M 26) did nothing for my (F 28) birthday and I’m sad
I got kicked today and I don’t know how to feel about it..
I Want My Sister to Cover Up More
I want my abandonment anxiety to go away.
Ex (M21) made me (F21) feel as though my music taste is inferior
my boyfriend (20) thinks i (19) don't care about him.
(M)y 44 girlfriend (40F) of 15 months has told me several times that she has dreams
Boyfriend forced me to have sex with him, it's been 3 years and I have resentment
Am I (25f) strange for never having casual sex?
Is it normal to be a 17yo male and have never asked a girl to a date?
Is divorce between my husband (30m) and I (28f) the best option, when we have different ideological views?
Have you been cheated on and stayed with the person?
(M)y 44 girlfriend (40) of 15 months has told me several times that she has dreams
How can I convince my boyfriend that asking for help is ok when he doesn't take it for granted?
Mom is upset she can’t live with me once I buy a house
(M)y 44 girlfriend (40) of 15 months has told me several times that she has dreams
(M)y 44 girlfriend (40) has told me several times that she had dreams
My (22F) boyfriend’s (21M) Snapchat has hundreds of girls on it
How to mend relationship with grandmother
Liking someone with DID.
I (M24) haven’t posted in here in awhile since I was doing so great and hit the 30 day no contact mark..then my mom was hospitalized for covid19 and she (F20) reached out..looking for anyone to give advice.
(M)y 44 g(F) 40 has told me several times she has had a dream...
How to try to mend relationship with grandmother
I kicked out my abusive gf. From r/relationshipadvice
My girlfriend (29F) is older than me (24M)
I kicked out my abusive gf. From r/relationshipadvice
Hearing more about the dating lives of some of my friends is making me feel like my husband (35M) and I (34F) are just ancient and out of touch. Anyone else ever felt like this?
So now I’m the weirdo.
My sister (19) doesn't have any close friends and it stresses out and frustrates me (17m)
Am I (25f) overreacting to this situation with my "ex" bf (22m)?
I really like my friend's crush
Am I (25f) overreacting to this situation with my "ex" bf (22m) ?
Boyfriend of 3 years won’t do anything but game
My older sister (19) doesn't have any true friends and it's making me (17m) upset and annoyed
My (23F) ex best-friend (24F) was/is extremely manipulative. How do I get out of the headspace of wanting to clear the air? [WARNING: Suicide/Self-harm]
Boyfriend doesn’t help at all.
My [27F] boyfriend [30M] got drunk and said terrible stuff, harassed/annoyed my housemates.
My Stalker Ex
Am I [25F] in a toxic relationship with [27M]
I really like my friend's crush
I (21M) feeling unsatisfied (jealous) of gf (21F) not giving me attention.
I ended my friendship with my, then, best friend of 5 years, because the relationship was toxic. How do I move on properly?
I'm [25F] concerned over my boyfriend's [30M] debt and earning potential?
Am I just being needy, or is this a problem?
I [20s, M] feel like I need to reassess what to expect from romantic relationships and how they start and then I might actually be able to have one
How do I (20M) in my first relationship with a girl (20F) who's had other relationships stop feeling jealous and bad about myself?
Should I disclose now or later?
I [20s, M] feel like I need to reassess what to expect from romantic relationships and how they start and then I might actually be able to have one
How do I (20M) in my first relationship with a girl (20F) who's had other relationships stop feeling bad about myself and jealous?
How to skyrocket your relationship?
My (25F) fiancé (38M) has a temper and I’m not sure what to do.
Met girl of my dreams, Corona forced me to leave... now I'm confused and don't know if I'm overreacting
How do I (20M) in my first relationship with a girl (20F) who's had other relationships and stop feeling jealous and bad about myself?
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) said he wanted marriage, led me on about it, and now says he's not ready.
I [17M] like my bestfriend[18F]
Is quarantine making me crazy?
Pregnant girlfriend wants to break up.
I have a fat fetish and I'm very conflicted about my relationship [W
I’m in a bad relationship, but have this guy who I don’t know well at all is telling me I have to break up w my bf in a week if I want any chance of being w him. Is this a red flag?
A missed opportunity from three years ago
I [17M] like my bestfriend [18F]
She blocked me
I[17M] like my bestfriend[18F]
Should this upset me this much?
After 4 years of not talking, I got contacted by my former best friend who was a heroin addict. Can people who went through that truly change? Would trying to mend the relationship be worth it?
My LDR (35M) is communicating less and less with me (F36). I feel like it might be time to breakup, but it's complicated.
Skyrocket your relationship today
Pregnant girlfriend wants to break up.
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) said he wanted marriage, led me on about it, and now says he's not ready.
My (30/F) boyfriend's (29/M) roommates (29/M) and their girlfriends (29/F) are driving me insane during this lockdown.
Do I [23F] have a big age gap with my boyfriend [30M]?
My(22f) friend (23m) feels I’m not genuinely interested in newer hobbies we have recently gotten into- how to communicate/show him that I am.
Do I have a fear of intimacy?
Boyfriend (26 M) is not coping with quarantine as well as I (22 F) am but I don’t know how to help. I fear this will negatively affect his mental health in the long run—what should I do?
Do I have a fear of intimacy?
MY GIRL (17F) POSTED PROVOCATIVE PICTURE OF HERSELF WITHOUT EVEN TELLING ME (17M)
Should we breakup?
Should we breakup?
My boyfriend (24m) of over 8 years is not physically attracted to me (24f)
I have a fat fetish and I'm very conflicted about my relationship
Ex boyfriend (27m) used to tell me that wearing revealing clothing meant I didn't respect myself (24f)
Should I see doctor partner during covid?
My boyfriend (24M) of 8 years told me he isn’t attracted to me (24F)
This question involves a 35 Year old Male, and me a 38 year old female. It has been 7 weeks since we started seeing each other. We went on 3 incredible dates before Covid hit. I havent heard from him in 8 days, do I reach out again via text or move on?
In a relationship with a doctor during covid crisis
MY GIRL (17F) POSTED PROVOKING PICS OF HERSELF WITHOUT TELLING ME (17M)
Facebook Opportunist
Annoyed around boyfriend? Missing him when he’s away?
Boyfriend is passive aggressive and I'm overly sensitive- dont know how we can be successful without a change
I heard my boyfriends friends use the N word on a video game
My GF(23/F) didn't feel an initial spark with me(23/M) and this bothers her
My GF(23) didn't have an initial spark with me(23) and this bothers her
A guy I started seeing for a month before Covid-19 is a doctor and is now working at the ICU. He sent me flowers for my birthday 2 weeks ago and texts me about every 4 days. I sent him a poem a week ago and he responded with a heart and kiss emoticon and I haven't heard since. What should I do?
MY GIRL POSTED SOMETHING WITHOUT TELLING ME
My [23F] boyfriend [25M] of over one year claims that he learns Chinese for business reasons but I found out that he mostly focuses on learning phrases for romance and how to pick up girls
My (24m) boyfriend doesn't think an issue that I've (21f) brought to his attention is a big deal, when it is in my opinion
Ex-boyfriend + good friend (38M) moved out of state. It's hitting me (25F) a lot harder than I thought it would.
Post break up sadness. My girlfriend (31F) broke up with me (29M) and kicked me out of the house after living together for 2 months because she didnt like my best friend (22F).
Guy I was seeing lost his job
Guy (m30) I was seeing lost his job?
Resentment starting to build on my end because of my SO's schedule
Ex-boyfriend + still good friend (38M) moved out of state. It's hitting me (25F) harder than I thought.
28M having second thoughts about moving in with 28F gf during covid-19
I am losing my mind because of my ex (26M). I feel like I am a horrible person and I don’t know what to do anymore
Should I stay or Should I go?
Giving it all up for him, is it worth it?
Looking for Advice to Fix My Relationship with Aspie Girlfriend
Made a hate list for my parents
I love him.... I wanna marry him..... but I feel like a maid
Is she playing hard to get or doesn’t care?
I want him back
Should I stay or Should I go?
Made a hate list for my parents
I need help he’s asking me to give up everything for our relationship and him :(
My brother and I don't talk and it's hurts. How to fix it?
Update - My [25f] boyfriend [26m] together 1 year. He is hiding something... what should I do?
I love him.... however I feel like a maid
My (21F) mom used to compare herself to me and be abusive, but i was the only one abused of 5 siblings. I don't know if I should cut everyone out or not
He's perfect and respectful and I love him but I feel like his maid.
Update - My [25f] boyfriend [26m] is hiding something... what should I do?
I need help he’s asking me to give up everything for our relationship and him :(
He’s asking me to give everything up for him...
I'm [28M] having second thoughts about moving in with gf [28f] during a pandemic
Is my sister [25F] gaslighting me [23F] or am I just being dramatic?
Update - I found out what my bf was hiding!
Resentment starting to build on my end because of my SO's schedule
Survey on youth well-being🥰🤗
Update - My [25f] boyfriend [26m] is hiding something... what should I do?
Found out last night that my (24F) boyfriend (31M) has browsed escort sites- how do we work through this?
Why am I (26m) afraid to commit to my GF(21f)?
I found out my [32M] girlfriend [29F] of 8 months is married.
Update - My [25f] boyfriend [26m] is hiding something... what should I do?
Am I (17) wrong?
Self Confidence.
Found out last night that my (24F) boyfriend (31M) has browsed escort sites- how do I/we work through this?
Am I in the wrong?
I (21F) cant stay interested in a man.
Am I(29F) wrong for not agreeing to switch doctors to make my boyfriend(35M) more comfortable?
Why am I (26m) afraid to commit to my GF(21f)?
Struggling with with going long distance temporarily (21F/21M)
I(19M), struggle with my possessiveness, insecurity, and jealousy. I'm sort of at my wits' end, and am looking for help.
Should I (24m) fight for the girl I love (26f) after she has said she needs space?
I (21F) cant stay interested in a man.
When is it unneeded feedback and when it is caring feedback?
BIG changes in girlfriend after starting birth control
I need a special birthday gift for my SO
Don't know how to approach girl's parents.
My boyfriend doesn't have a lot of self confidence and it worries me
I (22) was taken in by my uncle (50m) in my teens. I'd like to apologise and thank him, should I? (UPDATE)
Trying to make sense of a long-distance love interest (F25) who faded (M29).
Trying to make sense of a long-distance love interest (F25) who faded (M29). Where did I mess up?
long distance issues
How to overcome infidelity
This is more for the girls reading this than the guys.
BIG changes in relationship after girlfriend started birth control
I need a special bday gift for my SO
Boyfriend lied to me over porn
Illuminati brotherhood Temple
Would it be wrong to skip my (19F) father's wedding? (50's M&F)
My girlfriend is most likely depressed and I'm worried
I (28m) am having second thoughts about my relationship with (30f) GF
My [30F] wife [30F] is not making healthy food/exercise choices
I need a special birthday present for my SO.
Do I (23F) have a big age gap with my boyfriend (30M)?
Hypothetically speaking (marriage)
My (F20) boyfriend (M20) is constantly eating fast food and I’m really worried about him
I need a very special birthday present for my SO
Am I in the wrong or is he?
My (23F) bf’s (25M) mom knows me better than he does, and I feel weird about it.
Did he just want to hookup with me
How can I celebrate my girlfriend's success although we both are in different countries locked down!
How To Get Over The Feeling That You'll Never Find Someone Better? (F/21, M/23)
Pretty pathetic of me but i will continue hanging with my crush.
How to start convo with ignoring partner
How to start a convo with an ignoring partner
How do I (21m) get over my ex (19f) when we’re best friends and talk everyday?
She blocked me
So I've been in a relationship for a while now but my girlfriend has always been a very dry and doesnt really show emotion, has anyone else experienced this with partners?
does it make sense to try to wean an adult from gaming?
What to say to someone ignoring you?
How to start convo with partner who is ignoring you
How to save my relationship during the lockdown as me (25F) and my boyfriend (21M) are away from each other?
What to say to someone to start a convo when they are ignoring you
I told my boyfriend I’d give him a week pass to do whatever he wanted
How to start a conversation with a partner who is ignoring you
My dad's [51M] girlfriend [23F] is only four years older than me [19F].
My gut tells me she was trying to play mind games with me to gain power in the relationship but I’m not sure. Opinions?
I (21F) am in a very messed up situation with a guy (21M) what’s the best way to approach this?
Is he(21M) losing interest in me( 25F)?
I've been in a relationship for a while now but my girlfriend is a very dry texter and doesnt really show emotion, does anyone else have this?
does it make sense to try to wean an adult from gaming?
My (32/F) boyfriend (30/M) of almost a year bought me a laundry basket for my birthday.
My (26f) boyfriend (28m) and I are at odds.
Previously happy relationship ended because of Covid stresses, advice needed.
What is love?
I [29 M] am struggling to stop idealizing my [29 F] ex
My 28F BF30M Has Me Worried About Moving In Together
My girlfriend is most likely depressed and I'm worried
My boyfriend says that sex has lost its appeal with me
Boyfriend is a feeder and refuses to stop.
AITA for refusing to meet up with my boyfriend during lockdown?
I need closure
Happy relationship ended because of Covid stresses, need advice
My gut tells me she was trying to play mind games with me to gain power in the relationship but I’m not sure. Opinions?
AITA for refusing to meet up with my boyfriend in lockdown?
My 28F BF 30M Has Me Worried About Moving In Together
I (30F) worry about being lonely if my (43M) bf dies
My boyfriend [22M] doesn't text me [22F] (or my family) back. How can I get through to him?
Boyfriend is a feeder and refuses to stop.
My girlfriend and I fight every time we talk about intimacy.
I don't think he'll ever be happy or in love with me - is there hope?
My [F22] best friend [F22] for 10 years became a social media addict. How can I convince her that this is harmful?
Happy relationship recently ended because of Covid stress
My [F22] best friend [F22] for 10 years became a social media addict. How can I convince her that this is harmful?
Love triangle
Was this gaslighting? I (29F) by my ex (35M) of 6 years
I (17F) have a long distance girlfriend (17F), and another girl (18F) that I've had an on and off relationship with for a while confessed her feelings for me and I need advice on how to proceed.
My (21F) boyfriends (27M) dad passed away
I need to identify the kind of relationship my bff (shes a girl) am a man) has with my other friend
My GF(21F) has a fetish for white people and I(19M) am not white. Is there any way this relationship can work?
Am I in the wrong?
Bf (22M) has a friend that’s using him and is too nice to break it off with him. Should I (20F) step in?
How to Get Over a Crush?
How to Get Over Crush
my boyfriend just told me “im gonna shit in ur butt.” half asleep.
To My Favorite Foreigner
I (M29) and now ex (F28) are going through a difficult breakup made worse by COVID-19.
Was this gaslighting? I [29F] by my ex [35M] of 6 years
My (21F) boyfriends (27M) dad passed away due to covid-19
Me [25 M] with my gf [22 F] 4 years, I don't feel physically attracted to her
Everything was great, he (25M) broke up with me (22F) unexpectedly while being in self-isolation.
I (21f) realized I still have feelings for my ex (19m) and he said he would like to see. Now I don’t know what to do
Not sure which direction to go?
It's like we hate and love each other at the same time..
Should I (23F) break it off with my boyfriend (23M) so he doesn’t feel stuck with me?
I'm worried I'm in a relationship that is going nowhere.
My (F35) boyfriend (M31) snaps at me and I have now become over sensitive
At what point do I choose my own mental health over being a good friend?
What did it feel like to fall in love?
UPDATE: 23/F still perplex over our relationship (24/F)
Me (23/F) still perplex over our relationship (24/F)
Me (23/f) still perplex with my friend (24/f) actions
💖 ADD ME ON KIK:- @The_Tracy_Brown | NO TIME WASTERS 👎 | REAL GIRL S3LLING REAL CONTENT 🤤
If Only I Knew That This Would Happen, I should've Hugged Him More
I'm afraid I'm in a relationship that's going nowhere.
My [21M] Ex-Girlfriend [21F] was sexually assaulted by a Tinder date. She then semi-blocked me a couple weeks after the assault . Should I reach out to her?
My husband crushes me during missionary position
At what point do I choose my own mental health over being a good friend?
Advice/tips
How do I (16F) tell my parents I’m dating an older guy (35M)?
Am I(25m) putting up with too much with my girlfriend(20f)?
"i'm in love with you" vs. "i love you"? Me (29M) and date (47M)
My son [23 M] wants to date his cousin [20 F]!! How do I [48 F] stop it?
Gamer Partner 26m and I’m Isolated 25f
I [19M] have abusive tendencies. Is there a way I can fix myself so that I can pursue a relationship?
Mental Health vs. Being a Good Friend
If Only I Knew That This Would Happen, I should've Hugged Him More
Me [28 F] with my new bf[25 M] 2mths, We are so different, it works in many ways but we butt heads in so many other ways. Continue?
Im worried I'm in a relationship that's going nowhere.
What to do?
Me [25 M] with my gf [22 F] 4 years, I don't feel physically attracted to her
You know when you want flowers but don't want to ask for flowers?
Is this a reason to break up? Or am I overreacting?
He [24M] texted me [22F] back after 2 days of silence - what gives?
I [25F] want to break up with my boyfriend [25M] of three years. I am not sure what to do next
Was he just trying to get in my pants
"I'm in love with you" vs "I love you" - me (29M) and date (47M)
I realized I still have feelings for my ex and he said he would like to see me
Dad (73M) throws a huge tantrum by smashing bottles everywhere because he can't find his books.
My [20F] boyfriend [21M] messaged my mom and now everything’s a mess.
Friend (25M) unfriended me (20F) on social media because he was having a breakdown - am I overreacting by distancing myself?
The fact that my boyfriends want us to do something sexual so much makes me No longer desire it
I[25M] have trouble in feeling sexually attracted to my girlfriend[22F]
Friend (25M) unfriended me (20F) on social media because he was having a breakdown - am I overreacting by distancing myself?
Tired of my(25m) girlfriend's(20f) insecurites
I [25F] want to break up with my boyfriend [25M] of three years but I don't know what do no next
Tired of my girlfriend's insecurities
Tired of my girlfriend's insecurities
I (25/f) am resentful towards my boyfriend (30/m) for his promiscuous past, and no amount of time passing or getting therapy seems to help.
I'm (19m) helplessly crushing on a straight (???) boy (19m) who is already in a relationship. What should I do?
I [20F] started to have a crush on my brother’s [16M] best friend [18M] after getting to know him a little. Should I make the first move?
Not sure what I [25M] want to do with the relationship [22F]
Coworker and I use to talk
26F (me) conflicted over relationship with religious boyfriend (29M) and connected w/old fling (35M).
I messed up my 2020 and idk what I should do with myself
I’m afraid I (20F) may be outgrowing my fiance (21M)
Falling in love but I feel like it’s doomed - should I end things before it’s too late?
Need advice
Being in a romantic relationship with my old, childhood neighbor.
How do you balance cleaning chores?
HALP
My [31M] girlfriend[29F]'s boyfriend texted her that he'll always be waiting for her and will be breaking the legs of whoever hurts her. Is this normal?
MESSY BREAK / Need advice
MESSY break up
Too ugly for love?
What Now?
Girlfriend (25F) is mad that I (27M) suggested a titty tax
I messed things up with multiple people
Birthday after separation - should I text or call?
Dating my childhood neighbor
Do too ugly people even have a sliver of a chance in relationships? : How to prepare to live alone? Relationship a myth?
My boyfriend thinks I’m chunky and ugly
Why can’t I move on?
My (42F) boyfriend (47M) has a provocative photo of his ex in his wallet. (And photos of her son.) Should I confront him or let my insecurity go?
TL:DR pretty long but it gets better :/ bf cheats w someone completely unexpected.. nasty..
Why can’t I move on?
My boyfriend is extremely selfish whenever it come to food
My boyfriend is extremely selfish whenever it comes to food
How do I get my fiancé to want me.
I hate myself
Going to propose, what should I do about the ring?
I (F18) don't feel attracted to my partner (M17) anymore. What should I do about it?
I (F18) don't feel attracted to my partner (M18) anymore. What should I do about it?
My (22F) BF (24M) has a double standard about hookups and refuses to acknowledge it
I used to adore my gf now i cheat i tell lies and i neglect her
I (23M) did my best to improve myself, but I only feel worse.
(22f) Confronting Gaslightning and moving on
22f just broke up with bf of almost 4 years
I (F18) don't feel attracted to my partner (F17) anymore. What should I do about it?
22f just broke up with my bf of almost 4 years...
Going to propose, what to do about the ring?
WARNING: very long but super interesting.. bf of 4 years cheats.. more than once¿
I don’t know what he wants
I (F17) don't feel attracted to my partner (M16) anymore. What should I do about it?
I (F17) am not attracted to my bf (M16) anymore. Is this something that should be fixed?
Can I ask my bf to see his DMs
long distance??
Friend [23F] told me [22F] about her relationship issues and now I am left with “residual annoyance” at her boyfriend [23M]
How do I (22 M) get through the first big breakup of my life?
m21. BF 25 Sexting and insecurity
Low sex drive
My x cheated on me with her x several times
Was I (20M) wrong in taking a break from my boyfriend (20M)?
10 Interesting Fact About Relationship | Relationship Facts | Facts about Relationship
She did me wrong..
I [27] M, don't like my mom and few of your relatives.
My x cheated on me with her x more than once and tried hiding it from me
Was he just trying to get in my pants
How about some talk?
Was I (20M) wrong in taking a break from my relationship with my boyfriend? (20M)
How do you handle your friends being in unhappy relationships?
My [32] on-off boyfriend [36] posts things on social media about how much he loved his ex girlfriends. Is this wrong?
Im (22M) Moving to different city for work upon graduation and don’t know what to do about my gf (22F)
I escaped from my possible cheating boyfriend during quarantine
Am I being ungrateful?
Genuinely curious. What’s the reason behind bad bois being perceived as the ideal partner?
Im (22M) Moving to different city for work upon graduation and don’t know what to do about my gf (22F)
I moved my second boyfriend(27) in with me and my main boyfriend(25)
Non-supportive husband/ Two different paths
Need help
Non-supportive husband/ two different paths
Hot and cold after a breakup
How could I have handled this toxic friend better?
How could I have handled this toxic friend better?
I [20M] am easily annoyed and quick to anger with my [66F] mom.
what should I do ? bf said he loves his ex more ? f (20) and m (22)
Did I (F 19) do the right thing by dropping my guy friend?
Did I (F 19) do the right thing by dropping my guy friend?
I [25 M] am struggling with my dates [22 F] lack of assertiveness outside the bedroom
Me [30 M] and the person living in my basement for free [25 M] for the past 20 days. He won't leave.
What in the hell should I do?
F (24) I know I shouldn’t but why can’t I stop thinking?
F (24) still hung up on M (27). Why?
Am I (25F) wrong to be unmotivated to have phonecalls with friends during quarentine?
Gf(16) threw herself on me and I didn’t pull out
F(24) Do you ever get over the one that got away?
My gf kinda forced me to have sex
What should I do with my best friend? (12F)
I [17M] want to sneak my girlfriend [18F] of 8 months in whenever my dad is gone on a business trip, does anybody have any tips or advice?
Caught boyfriend (M25) swiping on dating app (F21)
F(24) Do you ever get over the one that got away? We never even had a relationship but I’m still strung up on him.
Losing my Best Friend
Open relationships confusion with my partner (21f)
My farm boss in PNW just hired 4 people who are flying here from the East Coast during the pandemic.
Do you ever get over the one that got away? We never even had a relationship but I’m still strung up on him.
love or lust
Do you ever get over the one that go away?
Is my co-worker in love with me?
Boyfriend is drained amid the quarantine, should I risk possible COVID-19 exposure to my household to go see him?
My [f40] ex-boyfriend [m27] treats me really badly and I've become terrified
Is my co-worker in love with me?
My [f40] ex-boyfriend [m27] won't stop subtweeting me
Am I (25F) wrong to be unmotivated to call friends during quarentine?
Am I [18M] wrong for cutting contact with my close friend [19F] after getting into a big argument with her? Or am I being unreasonable.
Is my co-worker in love with me?
My [f40] ex-boyfriend [m27] treats me really badly and I've become terrified
Gentle Reminder
Caught BF swiping on dating app
I (23/F) found an old letter from my bf’s (26/f) ex in his dresser. I read it and now I’m questioning everything.
Best friend [27F] ghosted me [27F], now wants to come back.
My Girlfriend (20F) gets mad at me (20M) when I drop responsibilities for my work but gets angry if she even thinks I'm going the same.
Am I(27F) an asshole I don’t help my boyfriend (27M) pay bills?
I [29M] am starting to overthink interactions and over share with the girl [25F] I’m talking to.
Is he losing interest?
What do I do?
Friend group excluding me (M27) while still including my girlfriend (F25)
Am I(27F) an asshole I don’t help my boyfriend (27M) pay bills?
My [F19] Mother Wants Me To Only Listen How I’m Wrong All The Time And I Feel Emotionally Exhausted
I recently dumped my girlfriend, I’m realizing how massive of a mistake it was and I don’t know how to get her back, please help
I 18F am getting the feeling that people are inherently manipulative
I (18F) am getting the feeling that people are inherently manipulative
Hi, I’m trying to win my girlfriend back, I have no idea how please help me
A friend group no longer talks to me (M27) but still includes my girlfriend (F25)
Was I fair in how I cut off my best friend?
Trying to make sense of a long-distance love interest (F25) who faded (M29).
Is manipulation inherent?
Trying to make sense of a long-distance love interest (F25) who faded (M29).
Great relationship with my(33m) g/f (33f) but always have a void of feelings towards her. Also, can’t get my ex off my mind.
My Girlfriend (20F) gets mad at me (20M) when I drop responsibilities for my work but gets angry if she even thinks I'm going the same.
I (F16) am having trouble getting over mine and my bf (M18) past
I'm (23f) constantly afraid that my relationship with my boyfriend (24m) will end and I don't know how to deal with it.
Are You Bored In Quarantine?
I know of a couple [33M] and [29M] where the wife changed a lot after marriage (it's been 2-3 years), and I find something off about it but not sure what.
FWB
Riddle me this... newly single (36f)
my best friend has a cyst on D? what happens next?
FWB
If people change quite suddenly after getting into a relationship, what does it mean?
Newbie
I hooked up with his friend’s boyfriend in the past? Should I say something?
Riddle me this
I hooked up with his friend’s boyfriend in the past? Should I say something?
I hooked up with his friend’s boyfriend in the past? Should I say something?
Getting over ex’s
I hooked up with his friend’s boyfriend in the past? Should I say something?
I'm an 18 year old female that has issues with my parents.
My (24) best friends (24f & 24 m) are acting like I'm making stuff up
I [M24] just had a relationship changing moment. Should I break up with her [22F]?
Newbie
How to get over my (26F) ex bf/now fwb (27M)?
My (M23) GF (21) mumbled some weird things last night. I don't know what to think.
I (21F) have relationship anxiety and only enjoy weekends with my partner (22M), he just told he won't be coming over next weekend, and I feel so stupid for being so upset over it. [queue]
How to get over my (26F) ex bf/now fwb (27M)?
I got turned off because he’s “small”
I (21F) have relationship anxiety and only enjoy weekends with my partner (22M), he just told he won't be coming over next weekend, and I feel so stupid for being so upset over it.
My (21F) male friendships always mess up and I wanna know why and how to fix them
Roommate (31/F) voluntarily chose to fly to visit a fling, ignored my warnings. I’m (31/F) livid.
(M18) Quarantine/Social Distancing is fucking my relationship with my girlfriend (F18) up
(M18) Quarantine and social distancing’s fucking everything up with my girlfriend (F18)
Should I stay or go? F21
Have you ever left a healthy, stable relationship? What led you to make that decision?
Quarantine’s fucking everything up
Crush likes someone else
Am I overreacting over him ignoring me for a week?
Boyfriend (23M) lying to me (23 F) about when he is graduating college/ finishing his degree.
People who left a good relationship (or one that was good for the most part): What led you to make that decision?
Boyfriend (23 M) lying about college progress/ degree to me. (23F)
Little sister (11F) wont stop using computer
Weird Confusing Feelings
Married to a narcissist
Boyfriend thinks I constly cheat on him.
Ex-GF Now Posting Frequently on Social Media
(M21) guy I (F22) am trying to make it work with thinks my sexual history is an issue.
Was I (23 Female) right to break up with my boyfriend (26 male) because we fought nonstop? We dated for 3 months
Was I (23 Female) right to break up with my boyfriend (26 male) because we fought nonstop? We dated for 3 months
My boyfriend loves owning stuff... How do I get him to compromise when we move in together?
My stalker ex
Was I (23 Female) right to break up with my boyfriend (26 male) because we fought nonstop? We dated for 3 months.
How do you move past someone who doesn’t like you?
Argument over body count
How to deal with a boyfriends ex trying to get back in his life
Open relationship
My sister broke up with her boyfriend of almost 4years.
Was I (23 female) right to break up with my boyfriend (26 male) because we fought nonstop? We dated for 3 months
My sister broke up with her boyfriend of almost 4years.
Did I (Female) make the right choice to break up with my boyfriend?
My sister broke up with her boyfriend of 4 years.
Was it right for me (18M) to not make a "simple" commitment that would have (ostensibly) allowed me to maintain a relationship with my mom (46F)?
[21f] My boyfriend [25f] expects me to get him through college.
I feel dirty after the fight I started
Hey.. I need some serious input
How Do I Date With a "Checkered" Past? (27M)
Is it worth it trying to start something during the ongoing outbreak?
I am so incredibly insecure about my girlfriend's interest levels in me, and feel incredibly anxious about her talking a lot to another guy. Thoughts and advice would be appreciated (23M) (23F)
How it feels to have long term friendship?
Am I (Female) in the wrong for breaking up with my boyfriend because we fought nonstop?
I [24F] am sick of being used by everyone I care about
how is it like to have long term friendship?
I think my [20m] friend [19m] dislikes me but I have no idea why
Musings on when I used to use CatholicMatch to find dates.
Is it a red flag that my (24M) girlfriend (26F) of nearly a year is back in contact with her ex?
Should I Be Feeling Insecure?
I [24F] am so sick of being treated like shit by everyone in my life.
How Do I Date With a "Checkered" Past? (27M)
Is this what a "toxic relationship" is? And advice on not "relapsing" [27F][28M] if it is.
Is this what a "toxic relationship" is? And advice on not "relapsing" [27F][28M] if it is.
I [M31] feel like I'm in a weird half-relationship with someone [M23] and it's driving me slowly insane
LONG: Am I (26F) overthinking past issues with LDR boyfriend (29M) because of lockdown?
Going through breakup
Is it worth texting her before college ends?
Is it worth texting her?
I [28M] sent a long letter to a “close” platonic friend [26F] last week. She didn’t originally acknowledge receiving it and just told me she hasn’t read it.
Letter I cannot say
Ex-BF (21M)->FWB->BF->FWB has left me (18F) so confused
I [21F] am looking for ways to have a healthier relationship with my father [51M]
My (20f) ‘friend’ (21m) keeps contacting me when I told him I didn’t want to talk.
Ex-BF (21M)->FWB->BF->FWB has left me (18F) so confused
Thinking about breaking up with my (24m) boyfriend (20f)
I (28F) hate that I let how my SIL (30F) treats me cause me to cut.
Ex-Boyfriend turned FWB turned Boyfriend turned FWB is sooo complicated
I (28F) hate that I let how my SIL (30F) treats me cause me to self harm.
I hate that I let the way my SIL treats me causes me to cut
Am I overthinking past issues about my LDR boyfriend because of quarantine?
My girlfriend [19F] always wants to have sex!
(26f) found my bf (26m) films uh “self care” videos and not sure how I feel about it
Questioning Feelings (F,15) (M,15)
Weird tension between a friendship and my relationship
I have a question...How/when would you want to be told about the effects that significant weight loss has had on the body of a new/potential partner?
I [20f] always get frustrated playing video games with my boyfriend [21m]
Think I'm (18f) being sexually harassed by a family member (74m)
Questioning Feelings
I think my gf is cheating on me can someone please check this out https://onlyfans.com/pois0nnivyy
Clingy?
How should I ask my girlfriend [23F] if she can post pictures of us on her social media without coming off as needy or insecure?
(26f) found my bf (26m) films uh “self care” videos and not sure how I feel about it
Will not talk to me
Am I crushing on my friend? Is she crushing on me?
I (F/20) feel used and neglected by my bf (M/21)
Ex-Mother Won't Leave Us Alone
won't talk to me
How can I [21m] get over ormake peace with the idea of someone[21f] I have been in love with another person?
How should I go forth?
Moving 3 hours away from my family or stay put and play the same cards. Plus, a back story.
Am I (22F) crazy for deleting my BF's (20M) contacts of girls he flirted with?
I'm [20F] getting frustrated with my boyfriend [21M] when we game together
Feeling Sad and lonely: Slept with my best friend who is my other best friend’s Ex and lost them both
My (19) BFF of 13 years (18 F) and I had a bad fight and break up(?) 4 months ago where she hurt me but she felt bad about it and I really miss her, should I contact her?
My [32] boyfriend [36] broke up with me because I thought his Facebook posts were disrespectful. Did I overreact?
How to "get over/make peace" with the idea of someone[21F] I [21M] have been in love with another person?
I [21F] am looking for ways to have a healthier relationship with my father [51M]
My other half’s perspective
She wants an open relationship
I [20M] am obsessing over my [20F] friend
My ex girlfriend (18f) is now a sugar baby and I'm (17m) very confused.
My (27) boyfriend (27) likes nudes of girls he knows irl
My other half’s perspective
Bf threw a glass at me.
I'm (22M) starting to lose hope, should I just take a step back? Am i just being naive?
My boyfriend (24m) always brings up 'other things' during arguments and it makes it difficult for my feelings to be heard (21f)
Where do I draw the line between openly communicating with my boyfriend and treating him like a therapist?
I'm (M20s) in love with my best friend (F20s) and i don't know what to
I [21M] am always the one who has to initiate a text conversation with my friends [19-21M/F]. It makes me feel like my friends do not think about me as often as I think of them. Has anyone else been in this position? How do you overcome feeling unimportant?
Am I tripping or am I tripping ?!
Boundaries/short temper
I (21) caught my (20) boyfriend watching live sex cams..??
Can’t text my friend because his Gf (who is someone I used to be friends with)
am i overreacting?
Always thought I wanted/would be good in a relationship, thinking otherwise now
My [18F] crush of 11 years [18M] asked me out, but he's settling for me over the girl he's in love with [17F]. Should I accept?
is this an okay response?
How do I (22F) move on from my abusive ex (25M)
Should get to know her but proceed with caution
How do I (22F) move on from my abusive ex (25M)
How do I (23F) emotionally support my partner (24M) while being apart during quarantine?
In a miserable relationship for 3 years yet fell in love with someone else who just got into a new relationship with another lady
I (26F) keep fantasizing about cheating on my (27M) fiancé with my friend (26M)
My [14F] twin's girlfriend died in December. I think he's been paying some sort of online physic money and don't know how of if i should bring it up to my parents.
In a miserable relationship for 3 years yet fell in love with someone else who just got into a new relationship with another lady
How do I (23F) emotionally support my partner (24M) while being apart during quarantine?
I’m 27 male, I feel I’m in an abusive relationship. She’s 23
I feel I’m in an abusive relationship but when offered a way out I don’t want to take it
Having problems with my GF because of Covid lockdown
long distance????
My parents' (60M, 55F) marriage is falling apart horribly, but my dad refuses to get a divorce. What can I(26F) do in this situation to help anyone?
I (24F) am more independent and it's affecting my sex life with (24M)
I (27/F) found ex's (26/M) gaming headphones. It's been 6 months. What to do?
27 M Please help, see below conversation
How do I [25F] break things off with my live in boyfriend [24M] as gently as possible?
In public, my (28f) otherwise affectionate and loving boyfriend (31m) of acts like he doesn't want to know me - is this even worth trying to work through?
Is having a title a girl thing?
Always thought I wanted/would be good in a relationship, thinking otherwise now
I’m worried I’ll be single forever. (22, F)
I'm (19m) becoming more hostile towards toxic father (55m)
Going through a 3 years breakup.
I didn't know I was pregnant when I met my boyfriend
I [24F] am jealous of my bf's [29M] ex
I like my friend's boyfriend
Is it a girl thing to have titles?
Going through a 3 years relationship breakup.
(23, F) I’m worried I’ll be single forever.
How to gently break things off with my [25F] live-in boyfriend [2 years] during quarantine.
Where do I draw the line between having open communication with my boyfriend and treating him like a therapist?
My (26m) relationship with my roommate (25f) has changed and I'm not sure how to change it back
Am I (22F) showing toxic behavior in my relationship?
is my (m16) gf (f17) cheating on me?
Guy (29m) I'm seeing suggested I (25f) tell a white lie to my friends (25f)? How big of a deal is this?
My partner lost trust for me when I told them slept with someone while we were broken up. Help?
I [25F] feel irrationally angry/jealous of my boyfriend's [25M] girl friend
I feel like I’ll be alone.
I (21F) feel forgotten about and undervalued in my relationship with my boyfriend (21M)
My boyfriend (22M) gets mad when I'm (20F) dealing with things or I'm stressed out
Kids with depression
I (21F) feel forgotten about and undervalued in my relationship with my (21M) boyfriend
I (24M) am always initiating everything with girl (23F)
Should I [24 F] stay with my Boyfriend [26 M], even though he tells white lies?
Kids with depression
2020 is the worst, it seemed like I'm finally getting my shit together but then it Al started going down the hill
Boy friend lied to me for a month and a half...(to/Dr)
Boyfriend lied to me for a month and a half...
I [17M] told my friend [18M] his race helped him get into college, and he thinks I'm a racist. What do I do?
My boyfriend lied to me for a month and a half..
I (20F) accidentally found out that my brother (27M) masturbates on one popular video chat. I'm disgusted and don't know what to do
I'm not sure if what my (26M) relationship with my roommate (25F) is?
Every time my [26F] family contacts me it ruins my day
My boyfriend lied to me..for a month and a half..
"Boyfriend" [22M] "cheated" and might have given me an STD [23F]
I [29F] have trust and money issues with bf [M32] of 2 years
why does pressuring my girlfriend for sex turn her off?
I[18F] love my boyfriend[18M] but I cant stop wondering if there is something better out there.
Every time my [26F] family contacts me it ruins my day
Dealing with overthinking in relationship, any advice?
My [33F] husband [37M] follows several dozen college girls on Instagram.
Dealing with overthinking in relationship, any advice?
Overthinking and relationships, those with anxiety, are there any tips to combat it?
Am I (f23) too codependent with my best friend (m26)?
I [24F] Found Condoms and a Cell Phone in My Dad's [60M] Car
I'm(18m) failing my gf(18f) and I dont know what to do
Why does talking or asking about sex turn women off?
Why does talking or asking about sex turn women off?
Advice please
My parents won't let me contact my girlfriend
Don’t know how to make little brother take care of himself
I [22F/22TF] have an urge to leave my new boyfriend [22M] for seemingly no reason...
Am I in the wrong? Am a little confused. Any advice would be great
Should I be feeling this awkward about a conversation that I had with my online friend?
My parents won't let me contact my girlfriend
how do i get my dad to stop slapping my butt?
how do i get my dad to stop slapping my butt?
Having troubles with 3 friendships/relationships.
my dad (48) has had a tendency to slap my butt since i was little.
My (19 nonbinary) BFF of 13 years (18 F) and I had a bad fight and break up(?) 4 months ago where she hurt me but she felt bad about it and I really miss her, should I contact her?
Girlfriend and I are taking a break
Had a golf date in our yard during quarantine
I (18m) am dating a philipina (19f) through long distance. May I please have advice from some wise minds.
I (18m) is dating a philipina (19f) need some advice from some wise minds
Feelings of regret which weren’t there before
How to get over not being able to live your life with someone you’re not over?
Why am I jealous of my mother?
Is my (22 NB) relationship with my best friend (31 NB) a bad idea?
My (25F) boyfriend (26M) has a gambling problem and hides things from me
Is this considered emotional/physical abuse?
I feel distant to my parents and I think they have done nothing wrong.
How to get over not being able to live your life with someone you’re not over?
How to get over breakup jealousy? It’s eating me alive
Am I (apparently an extremist) crazy for thinking that divorce from my husband (apparently a much more down-to-earth person) is the right thing to do?
Do my (41M) wife's (34F) recent actions warrant cutting her out of my life post divorce?
Struggling with mental health after separation with my (27M) also mentally unwell ex (23F), Unsure of best way forward after greatly upsetting her. ( warning: highly complicated with much context)
I[22M] doubt love and giving your SO true freedom.
parents been separated for two years but father starting to affect us mentally again.
Why am I jealous of my mother?
Got majorly played :((
My bf (26) never had a serious job, and I (f 23) doubt the future of our relationship.
I (21F) need to move out from my parent's house but don't know how to.
Am I [22m] being emotionally abused by my pregnant girlfriend [21f] ?
I (23f) want to break up with my boyfriend (27m) of 2 years.
Got majorly played :((
My onlyfans page
My relationshio with my close friend is getting worse
Got majorly played :((
Help me Reddit community, my friend is going to marry with a toxic girl and he wants me to be on the wedding (online)
My boyfriend (26), never had a serious job and it makes me (23) doubt the future of our relationship..
I[22M] do not desire love, I desire power.
My boyfriend (26) never had a serious job, and it's making me (f23) doubt the future of our relationship...
Girls who squirt, are you able to control it? Does it happen every time you orgasm?
How to deal with my GF's immaturity with her sister?
How do I (27F) tell my dear friend (26NB) that I’m worried about them OR learn how to stop being the mom-friend?
My (F22) boyfriend’s (M21) Snapchat is suspicious
Am I (41M) over reacting by wanting to cut my soon to be ex wife (34F) out of my life.
My(20) gf(18) sometimes has phases where she is realy sad, lisens to music and cries for hours, how can i help her?
My (20F) brother (26M) thinks COVID is a conspiracy and is putting my family at risk
How did you rebuild trust with a significant other/friend when you broke it?
How to be less clingy?
20 (m) dating 18 (f) who wants to go to college 500 miles away
Am I being overly sensitive to my (28f) boyfriend (33m)?
HELP: My sister’s baby daddy is threatening her to take the kids
Should I (22F) break up with my boyfriend (23M)?
My (24F) bf (26M) looks at hundreds of NSFW Reddit pages of girls for hours should I be okay with it?
Brother won’t talk to dad because of his episode
Should I (M33) resign myself to the scrap heap?
I do not feel loved, and therefore do not desire it
I'm confused by my ex.. What do you guys think?
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) looks at hundreds of NSFW Reddit pages of girls for hours should I be okay with it?
I (29) broke up with her (25) and wonder how to help her in a very difficult situation
I am scared that my relationship will fall apart
How to switch to casual dating
My (f18) brothers (M14 &11) have been annoying me all quarentine. Any ideas on what to do?
I’ve [F/24] met someone [M/25] and I’ve never been so happy
20 yr male dating 18 yr female. She wants to go to college 50p miles away
He asked me if i want to abort ( as a hypothetical question because am not pregnant) and i got really upset? Was i wrong for getting upset?
My Best Friend Suffers Emotional Abuse Right in Front of Me and Can’t Help Her
Father (45 m) got kicked out by his wife and now living with me (26 f) and bf (32 m) and things are getting complicated.
My Best Friend Suffers Emotional Abuse Right in Front of Me and Can’t Help Her
I used to adore my gf now i cheat i tell lies and i neglect her
Dealing with relationship anxiety! Anyone else relate?
My girlfriend(20) broke up with me (21) in the middle of the quarantine. I'm so alone and so heartbroken
He asked me if i would want to abort( as a hypothetical question because am nor pregnant) and i got really upset. Did i overreact?
I [24F] am jealous of my bf's [29M] ex
Is it silly to want your significant other to love reading too?
My (40F) husband (37M) is too exhausted to have sex with me.
I [27]M don't like my mom or few of my relatives
My 14 year old autistic brother
Pressure
How do i(28m) explain to my so(24f) that a healthy sex life isn’t enough
My boyfriend has a sexual past with at least 7 girls I had been friends with
Does this girl likes me
I found condoms!
Does this girl likes me?
Mom (56F) expects me (23F) to just drop everything anytime she needs help
UPDATES: it’s been a strange weekend after my last post
How do handle someone not being finacially responsible?
20 (male) dating 18 year old female. Need advice for long distance relationship
I (30F) have a job my spouse (31) regularly fabricates issues because of it. Why am I the bad guy for being responsible?
I (28F) am genuinely curious if healthy communication exists in relationships
My(21M) gf(21F) can’t let go of the grudge she’s holding for me even though I’ve apologised so much.
Help me [M/24] understand what's going on with my relationship, I'm terrified of losing her [F/23]
Am I weird for constantly wanting to bite my boyfriend?
What should I (f30), do in this stupid situation?
How do I get over / set aside a soulmate? 38M dating a 40M for two years trying to forget 49M soulmate
He’s not the man I first met
Is it weird that I love to bite my boyfriend?
I'm tired of being a sugar momma.
I'm (25 M) need advice on one of the best relationships I've made with (18F).
Worried about my (26f) relationship with fiancé (20m)
Boyfriends birthday emergency!!
Bf deleted messages from girl up the street. Am I just being walked all over or is there any hope of having a functional relationship?
I have been "worked" out of my bed and bedroom and it's affecting our relationship!
My first break up (20M)
He’s not the person I first met
Does my ex want to rekindle?
I've been "worked" out of my own bed and bedroom and it's causing more harm to our relationship.
My extrovert bf drains me, I love him and don’t know how to deal with it
Me (27M) and wife (24F) are having issues feeling satisfied in the bedroom
I (28F) have been having trouble with intimacy and attraction with my bf (26M).
Me (29m) feeling pretty bummed about my mom (60f) and sister (31f) not wanting to see me.
This is going to sound ridiculous... But how often should I be the one to text first?
I (17M) and my (17F) have rececently gotten back together after a short breakup due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have both communicated to each other that there is a lot of un-certainy to whether this is going to continue working. Is this a normal feeling? What are the best ways to deal with this?
Boyfriend won’t let me help pay bills
Does my ex want to rekindle?
How much money should I give my boyfriend to live in his house?
Boyfriend moving to Saudi Arabia (follow up)
UPDATE: Boyfriend moving to Saudi Arabia.
UPDATE: Boyfriend moving to Saudi Arabia.
Quarantine/controlling parents? I am very unhappy at home but am afraid to take control of my life
My (25F) friend (32M) constantly tries to hide his phone. Does he not trust me or could it be something else?
What should i do?
Me (29m) feeling pretty bummed about my mom (60f) and sister (31f) not wanting to see me.
Me and my ex are communicating a lot
me and my ex are communicating a lot and not sure how to proceed
I (25 M) have known my classmate's dad for a few years and even thought he's often very disrespectful to me and hugely overstep boundaries, he's convinced we're very close (we talk maybe three times a year and I often ignore him). How can I stop this delusion?
should i (22F) get back together with my ex-boyfriend (25M)
My boyfriend told me he loves me and then threw me out of his life
I [24 F] feel self conscious of my bf's [29M] ex [20sF]
Anyone else ever just feel basic?
My [28F] boyfriend [26M] of three years is bad with money.
I (22f) am angry with my roommate (24f) and the quarantine isn’t helping. How can I rationalize the situation and work with her?
Ex (19F) with anxiety/depression took a break mid-episode due to life circumstances and now I(21M) don't know how she feels or what to feel about our future
I (35F) am pregnant with someone I’ve been dating less than 2 months and do not see a future with. I desperately want to be a mom, but not in these circumstances. Please help.
Has your dumper ever regretted it and come back?
Ex (19F) broke up due to anxiety/depression and I (21M) can't tell how she feels anymore or what to even do
should i (22F) get back together with my ex-boyfriend (25M)?
I( 22f) am angry with my roommate (24f), and the quarantine isn’t helping. How can I rationalize this situation and work with her?
Who is wrong?
I (19f) upset my boyfriend (21m) by saying I was jealous of the money girl’s make on onlyfans
I (25F) looked at my bf’s texts (32M) and found confusing things
Has your dumper ever regretted it and come back?
GF is afraid of her best friend
I was looking through my boyfriends instagram followees and now I hate myself.
I went through my boyfriends Instagram follows and masturbated.
Update - is it worth it to try to work things our with my boyfriend, ho is jealous of my stepbrother?
GF is afraid of her best friend
I (M20) fell for my best friend (F20) and can’t get over her
I (19f) joked around to my boyfriend (21m) about how I was jealous of the money girls make on only fans. He thinks I legit want to make one and anytime the topic comes up he gets visibly upset. What to do?
Boyfriend upset with me joking about only fans-thinks I really want to make one?
Is the idea of having ‘No Expectations’ in a relationship an obtainable goal or just an unrealistic New Age fantasy?
I [F/24] really want to end things with my boyfriend [M/28] but I am scared of being launched into depression.
why doesn’t he love me for me ?
he only loves me when i’m lying on my back. why doesn’t anybody LOVE ME -FOR ME?
My [25F] girlfriend is giving me [26M] issues about posting a picture of us on her Instagram
How to deal with a family member that is addicted to gambling?:
How do I talk to my parents (especially to my mom) about their marriage
28F just found out I might have a secret sister 28/29F
My [25F] girlfriend is giving me [26M] issues about posting a picture of us on her Instagram
Ex made me feel as though my music taste is inferior
If you don’t get along with the family, will the relationship last?
I (18f) want to back out from senior week plans
How to deal with a family member with a gambling addiction:
What Am I doing wrong
When does a partner's depression become too much (28F w/ 31M BF)
My [25M] girlfriend [23F] of six months still talks to a guy that she met off Tinder, and was planning to meet him before lockdown.
Negative thought processes
Would it be weird to make my fiance a video montage of his friends/family saying happy 30th birthday to him?
I’m (26M) not a fan of video calls with my gf(23F)
Boyfriend deleted messages from girl down the street
Is it cheating to make plans to hook up with someone once the current relationship ends?
help i'm constantly doing something wrong
Would it be weird to make my fiance a video montage of all of his friends saying Happy 30th Birthday?
I (21F) have a lot of problems when my boyfriend (21M) shuts me down and acts like I'm the bad guy when I bring up things I wish he'd work on/think about.
Friend of 12 years borrowed money and is now acting shady
WIBTA for asking my mum to risk her health so I don’t have to deal with my neurotic sister?
I'm no longer attracted to ldr boyfriend
WIBTA if I ask my mum not to move out so I don’t have to deal with my neurotic sister?
Dealing with Insecurity
I (15F) is obsessed with my friend's problem. What should i do?
My sister lied about having an eating disorder
I (now 18F) no longer speak to my ex best friend (also 18F)
When Is the Time to Move On From a Relationship 💔
I (21F) have a lot of problems when my boyfriend (21M) shuts me down and acts like I'm the bad guy when I bring up things I wish he'd work on/think about.
My (35M) wife (30F) is still obsessed with her ex
i (26 F) gave my husband’s (29 M) aggressive dog away to his mother. How do we compromise ?
My girlfriend [25F] is giving me (26M) issues because I want a picture posted of us on her Instagram and she won’t do it. Am I wrong for this?
I wonder what happened with my ex best friend
My girlfriend (25F) is giving me (26m) trust issues.
My [25M] girlfriend [23F] of 17 months left me after an argument
I think my husband hates me
My (M29) girlfriend told me she has a “soulful connection” with her co-worker
Hello.. I’m Laura.. I’ve been on undisciplined chatroom before and I’m new to this one..
Am i (26 F) in the wrong for giving my husband’s (29 M) dog away to his mother?
My (25f) boyfriend (22m) abruptly told me we are going on break through text.
Male (27), Female (23) - 1 year Relationship advice on her anger
my (25f) boyfriend(22m) told me we are going on a break.
How to deal with a toxic sibling?
I [M24] left out a bottle of lube and my fiancé [F31] is still upset two days later.
My family’s dogs always do their business inside my home. I am reaching my limit.
people who are in love with their best friends and have seen the end of it, how was it?
My(25M) girlfriend(26F) constantly mocks my disability
Relationship Advice (Help) Male (27) Female (22) - Anger, Parents, etc.
Should I tell my mom about the girl that I like that likes me back?
should i (22F) get back together with my ex-boyfriend (25M)?
Advice: your success in dating when you hate dating
Super abusive break up, need optimism, feel super low.
Hoping I did the right thing
Quarantine cohabiting
Need help with mentally abusive ex
Need Help from mentally abusive ex
How do you know you’ve checked out of a relationship (of any kind)?
How should I tell my parents to not call me an accident when I do a mistake?
Should I (F24) break up with my boyfriend (M24) because of his chronic illness?
How do I [30M] tell my girlfriend [27F] that I want to buy a house in my name only?
Is it cheating to make plans to hook up with someone else once the relationship ends?
How do I tell my girlfriend I want to buy a house in my name only?
I (21m) am very insecure, my gf (22f) makes it worse, I don't know what to do or think.
(26f) worn out from a bad relationship, need hope. Feeling empty and alone.
I (17f) asked my crush (17m) on a date, but now we cant go because of the rona, and hes moving next month.
I (25m) ghosted a lover (24nb) for using me to cheat. I feel crazy.
My (21M) boyfriend of 6 months might have forgot my (23F) birthday
I(17f) asked my crush (17m) on a date, now we cant because of the 'rona and hes moving away next month.
My boyfriend made a comment about thigh gaps am I being over sensitive ?
I, 25/F and boyfriend 31/M. How do I deal with an emotionally unavailable, alpha male partner during this pandemic.
How to deal with an inconsiderate housemate?
I (22F) have a communication and technology problem with bf (23M)
How to deal with my inconsiderate housemate?
The quarantine has showed how fake our relationship is
My (24F) "boyfriend" (M28) feels more like a best friend or brother at this point
What does it mean to be in someone's corner?
Questioning My (F, 34) Judgement Post Breakup
My boyfriend (22M) is unsure about the relationship but says he still loves me
Intimacy issues in relationships
When couples "fight", what are some type of "fights" do they have?
Too soon?
My girlfriend (25F) has been writing a romance novel and hiding it from me. I (28M) came across it by accident and I think I'm jealous?
Too soon?
I [25F] am very disappointed in myself with how I allow my manager to treat me in my already resigned position.
Intimacy romance
I feel like I’m (20F) throwing away our entire relationship over a mistake that he (23M) made.
I (F25) need to decide what to do this summer and ultimately choosing if I want to break up with my boyfriend (M28) or not. Please give me some advice!
My (30f) husband (35M) said he’s not giving me a birthday gift this year.
Do people ever bother you about being single?
Going from dating to something else
I’m never able to tell my boyfriend when something bothers me without him getting angry and cold
I (22) don't think I deserve the love my SO (26) is giving me.
if my friend looks at world with different eyes (has a different mindset, morals etc..), should i still be friends with him even if i dont agree and it kinda iritates me?
Enjoy it while it lasts, or end it now?
if my friend looks at world with different eyes (has a different mindset, morals etc..), should i still be friends with him even if i dont agree and it kinda iritates me?
I feel like I’m (20F) throwing away our entire relationship for a mistake (23M) that he made
Should I end my relationship with my boyfriend?
My [21] autistic ex [25] still thinks I'm in love with him and me bullying him is just banter
Me (24) past crush (23) my past crush is reaching on my shoulders
My long term boyfriend (28 M) and I (29 F) have a hard time connecting on certain things. Is it selfish of me to question a good relationship?
Enjoy it while it lasts, or end it now?
Close family (33f) member likes to “prove me (37f)wrong” and one up
I (30/f) need to stop being mad at my ex(33/f) !
My [29m] girlfriend's [27f] ex boyfriend died, and she is inconsolable. I think she was still in love with him and I'm struggling to be supportive while also being extremely uncomfortable.
I (30/f) need to stop being mad at my ex(33/f) !
My [21] autistic ex [25] still thinks I'm in love with him and me bullying him is just banter
I (29 F) have a hard time connecting with my long term boyfriend (28 M) on certain things. Am I selfish for questioning a good relationship?
My sister is taking huge liberties with her mouth, and I don't know what to do.
I don’t know what to do
I feel like my anxiety is ruining my relationship
My boyfriend won’t let me tell him when something upsets me, he just gets angry and cold.
Have you ever had a crush on someone for a long time but upon realising they lied to you about something when it wasn’t even a big thing make you turn off them completely?
So I'm a (27m) she's (25f) and I feel like she has 0 communication skills and some sort of issues
Found My Fiancés Porn Account
Help - not a fan of GF's new dog
Talking to my ex again
Has she ghosted me?
HELP - new dog is causing tension between partner and I
So i (27m) cant take her (25f) s*it much longer
my parents blame me for my brothers anger issues
Guys what would you do? I feel like I'm starting to become depressed
What is the best thing to do in this situation?
Hey guys. Could somebody help me with this situation? I feel as if I could be headed deeper into a relationship that's only going to rip me apart
Can somebody help me with this? I think I'm in an emotionally abusive relationship.and I'm not sure if it's worth waiting it out to find out
Do you think it would be weird if your partner asked you to give them a suppository if they were constipated? I am 23 and she is 22.
My (21M) girlfriend (21F) pushes me to communicate when issues arise, but when I try she typically shuts down.
Has she ghosted me?
My gf 25 is emotionally destroying me
Do you think it would be weird if your partner asked you to give them a suppository if they were constipated? I am 23 and she is 22.
Being clear about motives?
My girlfriend,is emotionally abusive but she doesnt even realise it..
My Muslim girlfriend (18F) wants me (18M) to convert to Islam.
Screwed up my husband's haircut and it is making both of miserable
does he want to brake up with me but does not have the guts?
Muslim girlfriend wants me to convert to Islam.
My wife [34F] has made it clear she will never resolve a lack of sex with me [35m] in our marriage and it makes me miserable. Should I leave?
Has she ghosted me?
Is my friend really toxic?
Dont know if I should end it now or give this a chance!
My (25f) boyfriend (29m) won’t come see me
30 M - Is being sexually incompatible enough of a reason on its own to leave?
Are there people who can confidently say that they have never lied to their partner?
30M Seeking advice in regard to sexually incompatible relationship
Sexually incompatible - Cannot make the decision myself, need y’alls advice.
I have a sex addiction, and quarantine is making me crazy
My gf [22F] of 5 months got upset when I [23M] said that her flesh isn't as soft as my sex doll
My bf (26M) believes I'm (24F) trying to manipulate him when I try to get across why I'm hurt
ex is isolating with his ex 'he never loved' 3 months after we broke up
My ex is isolating with his ex that he 'never loved' 3 months after we broke up
Girlfriend just a dishonest person
Need to sort things out with my mother after I lost my temper.
I (15yr old M) asked my crush (15yr old F) out and she said yes!
I asked my crush out and she said yes!
Caught too many times
I need help with trust in my relationship
(Repost) I (F21) have had doubts about seeing guy (M27) almost from the beginning.
What do you think I should do with a partner who has different views on important topics?
Girlfriend just a dishonest person
my bf (21m) says my (21x) cats aren’t his
What do you think I should do with a partner who has different views on important topics?
my (21M) bf says my (21X) cats aren’t his
How do I break up with someone I live with?
What do you think I should do with a partner who has different views on important topics?
Caught too many times
(M) I'm being ignored by my (F) friend for seemingly no reason after an awesome 16 hour phone conversation. Sooo confused. Any insights?
my bf says my cats aren’t his
My crush
Is it a dealbreaker if the girl you’re dating has been with someone you know?
I'm often rude to my sister and I don't know why or how to stop it.
I'm often rude to my sister and I don't know why or how to stop it.
Is my relationship salvageable? Will it be worth saving?
Caught too many times
What is going on?! Am I being weird or wot?!?! ireiojofoiejoiejof
My boyfriend wants to marry another girl
How do I break up with someone I live with?
My boyfriend has the emotional range of a tea spoon and uses me to manage his uncontrollable emotions
Marriage with another girl?
I (21f) have issues with my friends (22f) success and wish them negative things.
I [35f but in risk group] don’t think the people around me are taking the quarantine seriously and I don’t know what to do.
I (F21) have had doubts about my "relationship" with dude (M27) from almost the beginning
New User - he scared me now I don't know what to do
My mum tried to turn me against my dad by telling me he wanted her to get an abortion
My (M26) best friend (M26) is stuck in an unhealthy marriage and I just want to help him out
Partner (28,F) doesn't want to help out financially when I (26, F) pay for everything
A temporary rekindled friendship between a university friend [m/28] and I [f/28] which escalated and flat-lined so quickly.
I (27M) want a future with my partner (37F), but she is worried about our age gap.
our second chance f21 m21
I'm fat ugly short 26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable. I need honesty about my looks and advice on what attractive women want because I don't know.
Quarantine cohabiting
My (21M) ex (21F) broke up with me yesterday
How to explain I'm emotionally unfulfilled without sounding pathetic?
Is my (23F) boyfriend (30M) racist?
My(28M) girlfriend(25F) found out about my FinDom fetish and she wants to break up
Should I leave him?
Did I [21F] take advantage of my friend [19M] by sleeping with him after my best friend [22F] cheated on him and his mother died?
I'm [25F] dating someone [30M] I once dated, they've moved on but I haven't
BF just introduced me to his kids, over FaceTime, without taking to me first. Am I right to be upset?
My (25F) boyfriend (34M) doesn't understand that how dirty his laundry is is gross and not normal?
Didn't Let My Girlfriend Shower With Me
Should I (26) leave my bf (30) over no affection?
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text=Paste your submission here. Be sure to explain in detail with line breaks. --- **tl;dr**: Mandatory summary/question!
Im(F22) in love with my boyfriend (M38) but I need to end it but I don't know how.
Working with someone I once dated - they've moved on but I haven't
How to break up with my boyfriend (M38) that I'm(F21) still in love with.
Working with someone I once dated - they've moved on but I haven't
I (22F) madly in love with my room-mate (23F) what should I do?
37/m I feel like my shit is so fucked up i don't know how to proceed..
READ THIS IS YOU ARE GOING THROUGH A BREAKUP
I (29M) can't stand living with my sister (31F) and her boyfriend(30sM)
I want to break up with the nicest boy
I (29M) can't stand living with my sister (31F) and her boyfriend(30sM)
How do I ask for help?
It feels like me (M21) and my girlfriend (F18) have nothing to talk about no more.
We broke up. She got pregnant.
Western Husband & Asian Parents
We broke up. Saw other people. Now she's pregnant. It's not mine.
Anyone else not having much to discuss with SO because of quarantine?
Mixed couple and Asian Parents
My GF does not want to do anything sexual
How to know if someone's cheating on you?
Quarantine ghosting
My (28F) husband (29M) keeps spending our money on things we don't need.
My (28F) husband (29M) keeps spending our money on things we don't need.
let me help you find out is he is being faithful or cheating!
An island nation of redditors
Second class citizen
What does it feel like to be in love and for it to be reciprocated?
Updates that nobody asked for 🤷🏻‍♀️
Self Distancing Strain
I miss you, but I’m with you every day
Your stories of playlists and relationships?
I miss you, but I’m with you all day
I miss you but we sleep in the same bed
I (19m) have a new strange "friendship" with my best friends (19m) sister (18f).
Quarantine / Long Distance Communication Issues
How do I [F27] start dating again with trust issues from a horrible experience? Or was he the one and should I understand and wait?
My (24F) boyfriend (32M) has a problem with me posting photos of myself
Feeling bad when my s/o gets drunk/high without me.
How do I [F/27] start dating again with trust issues from a horrible experience? Or was he the one and should I understand and wait?
My(21M) mother(50sF) and I aren’t on speaking terms. She caught the virus and I don’t know how to proceed.
First heartbreak, kind of platonic so im confused
My boyfriend is "thinking" about breaking up with me
I(17F) have started to despise my mom(40F) for not helping enough when i was sexually abused.
Girlfriend(25 F) found out about my(28 M) FinDom fetish and wants to break up
Jobs Providing Websites - Complete Guide Step by Step - introduction.
GF (22F) recent behaviour is taking a toll on me(24M)
My (29F) fiancé (33M) and I have not had sex in 2 years and I think he may be gay.
GF (22F) recent behaviour is taking a toll on me(24M)
When is it reasonable for me (32M) to ask my girlfriend (29F) about her close make friend?
Was he just trying to get in my pants
is it reasonable for me (31M) to ask about my girlfriend (29F) of 6 months close relationship with her guy friend?
Youtubers approached my girlfriend asking which one of them she would smash?!!
How do I [22F] support my best friend [23F] who, from time to time, talks about how she is 'undatable', without invalidating her feelings?
My wife (29f) and I (32m) are experiencing COVID-distancing very differently (her depressed, me relaxed.) it’s affecting the relationship.
How do I [M21] tell new gf [F21] about my female best friend?
How to tell new gf about close female friend.
my (f20) bf (m22) didn’t put any effort into our anniversary.
Thought he was still interested
مقالب مضحكه 2
I (girl, 18) thought my ex (guy, 25) wanted me back. Guess I was wrong
Thought we were a thing
How do I recover?
Do guys prefer experienced women?
Is my boyfriend physically attracted to me?
How do I(13M) survive quarantine with 3 over protective older siblings?
Might be an odd question: I (22M) and my ex (22F) decided today to be friends, two months after the break up that ended our two year relationship. Is this the right call?
Boyfriend with a possibility of moving to Saudi Arabia?
My boyfriend thinks im fantasizing my mental illnesses
Women, I'm having problems on figuring out whether my year long friend is into me as more than friends way or not. Thinks are starting to get flirty and different then what our friendship has been. How do I know?
Does my best friend (F14) like me (F14), or is this just how she expresses herself?
How do I(13M) survive quarantine with 3 over protective siblings?
Guy (22M) I’ve been friends with dated someone for 3 years without telling me (21F) as we have been flirting the entire time
send tweet.
Having issues with my partner's son, and his fears of sleeping at night
Im confused
(19M) I'm only 5 feet 3, skinny brown nerd. How hard is my dating life going to be? What do I do?
Is using tinder while in a relationship cheating?
I [F24] recently broke up with my ex-boyfriend A and have started seeing a close friend B [M22]. Should I tell my ex?
Please help understand where I’m wrong.
(19M) I am only 157 cm (5'3") skinny brown nerd. How hard is my dating life going to be? And how can improve my self?
I [F24] recently broke up with my boyfriend A and have started seeing a close friend B [M22]. Do I tell my ex?
Can't enjoy making out with an otherwise great guy
My (19F) long distance boyfriend (22M) keeps following / unfollowing the same girl (20F) and it makes me really uncomfortable.
Don't enjoy making out with an otherwise perfect guy
I got in a terrible argument with my Boyfriend over an emoji.
Breaking Up with Gaslighting Boyfriend During Quarantine?
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) won’t have sex with me anymore.
I can't stop getting aggravated with my husband.
I (24f) had a really uncomfortable experience with a previously really good friend (24m) even though I’m married and there’s never been anything between the two of us. Now I’m uncomfortable, anxious, and I don’t know what to do.
My (19F) long distance boyfriend (22M) has this obsession with that girl (20F)
I had a terrible argument with my boyfriend over an emoji. Was I in the wrong?
My boyfriend is going into the military and I need advice.
Endings
Looking to make new friends people to hang out with to talk with stop on by and make some new friends will gladly welcome you with open arms
My boyfriend is going into the military and I need advice.
My boyfriend (M29) thinks I suffer from gender dysphoria because I (F29) doesn't want to have kids and I have very large calves
My girlfriend (21/F) told me (22/M) she needs a break after 3 years relationship.
I had a terrible argument with my boyfriend over an emoji. Was I in the wrong for this one?
My boyfriend (23M) told me (20F) that if I were more sexually appealing he wouldn’t have to watch porn so much
My girlfriend (20/F) told me (22/M) she needs a break after 3 years relationship.
Friend (20M) called off engagement with his fiance (19F), how do I (19M) support him?
She needs a break.
How do I get my parents to take my health seriously?
advice on how to talk to my muslim girlfriend [f20] about my small penis muslim
How do I get my parents to take my health seriously?
I (27M) found out that my girlfriend (29F) has a 'friend' who has been trying to sleep with her . Am I wrong for wishing she told me about this, even if she rejected him?
Is he only with me because I’m all he can get?
Do you love your SO more than your family?
FWB may like me, am I reading it wrong? Please help!
His [25M] idea of quality time with me [27F] is sex. How do I encourage a man to spend non-sexual quality time with me?
I think I’m too obsessive over my SO
What to do about an FWB if I kinda like him? I need a man perspective! haha
weird relationship with my crush..any advice?
dick
I (17M) and my (17F) have recently gotten all together after a short breakup through the COVID-19 epidemic. There is a new layer of doubt in our relationship About uncertainty about this in the long run. Is this normal? Are there any fix actions?
Too social for my boyfriend’s comfort since the quarantine started
Is he with me because I’m all he could get?
I (17M) and my (17F) girlfriend have gotten together after a short break up due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We revisit and now there is a new level of uncertainty in our relationship. Is this normal? What are some fix actions?
Reconnecting with my ex has made me incredibly sad
Was he just trying to sleep with me or
I’m too social for my boyfriend’s comfort since the quarantine started
Fake pregnancy or am i overthinking?
Reconnecting with my ex has made me incredibly sad
Me (14M) and my brother (16M) got into a physical fight cause he owed me money and now he's pissed at me
Fake pregnancy or baby trap?
I (17M) and my girlfriend (17F) getting back together after a breakup. Is it normal to feel so much uncertainty after almost a year of dating?
How long do I wait?
I don’t know how long to wait
Friend (20) called off wedding with his fiance (19), how do I (19) provide emotional support?
My {19F} boyfriend {21M} doesnt want to call or facetime me but he texts me almost 24/7?
advice on how to talk to my muslim girlfriend [f20] about my small penis muslim
Am I in the wrong?
How do we go from friends to a relationship?
Do you know anyone who just gets more attractive with age?
Are relationships worth it, how do you know if you like a person and if you feel something for that person is it a physical feeling in your heart(or whatever) or a just a powerful thought but no physical feeling(heart or something)? Don't know if I'm asking this in right place
Social Media Boundaries?
Ex may have recorded and posted our sexual acts
Is it time for me (21f) to move on from my 3 yr relationship with (25m) boyfriend?
Ex may have recorded and posted our sexual acts.
Looking for someone to help me understand where I’m wrong.
Can a relationship work between a black and white thinker with a grey area thinker?
Am I wrong?
Am I in the wrong?
My (32f) partner's (36m) latest invention will likely be the cause of our breakup.
How long will this shit last?
UPDATE: Mom (40F) is a recovering drug addict and felon - wants me to put a gun in my name for her and her husband (38M) - now is throwing a fit and won’t let me contact my sister (13F) because I (21F) said no. Plus, my life story for context.
My boyfriend has a type, and it's not me at all. Should I be worried?
I need advice.
Ex fiancée [F late 20s] with verbally, potentially physically abusive new man
I think my SO (26M) expects me (24F) to do all of the housework
UPDATE: Mom (40F) is a recovering drug addict and felon - wants me to put a gun in my name for her and her husband (38M) - now is throwing a fit and won’t let me contact my sister (13F) because I (21F) said no. Plus, my life story for context.
My (40M) girlfriend (36F) has severe depression and anxiety and it’s hurting our relationship.
Small Update: My (25M) ex (24F) is back in my life after 6 years, and I realize that I still love her
My bf (23M) said I (23F) have low self-esteem for not wanting to argue in public.
Jealous of my boyfriend sometimes, not in a professional way
My bf (23M) said I have low self-esteem (23F) for not wanting to argue in public.
Ex fiancée hanging out with verbally abusive, potentially physically abusive new man
Boyfriend has same group of friends as his ex
What happens if I tell my therapist I'm having suicidal thoughts? (F22)
I need advice.
Why does this happen
Was it right for me [32F] to walk away from a 4 year old friendship with [35M]?
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) doesn't like me playing video games with my friends
My(f22s) bf(m24) of 3 years told me I'm not family and will never be on par with his family.
I ditched my friend after she pranked me
My relationship is changing in quarantine
My boyfriend (31m) has PTSD because of me (30f), and I don’t know how to mend our relationship.
Bf has same friend group as ex
this is the end... ☠︎︎
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]?
I[M23] am not ready to move in with my girlfriend[F21] of 1.5 years but she wants to.
I am convinced I [23m] have been unforgivably abusive towards my girlfriend [23f] and don't know if I should break up with her. I have posted our text conversation in this post.
Didn't Let My Girlfriend Shower With Me
An impossible road ahead for my cousin (35f) and I (36f)
An impossible road ahead
Men, can you please give me some input?
I [M23] would die for my new gf [23F] but not anyone else I love. Is that normal?
Parents of Reddit, what would you think if your daughter's boyfriend would come to you asking for advice on how to deal with certain habits of your daughter?
I (24F) ended 5 year relationship with (26M) and I am really struggling.
Bf has same friend group as ex
I (24f) am having trouble getting back into community service after a toxic friendship with someone (27m) who is involved in a lot of local community service efforts
Girlfriend Is 4 Months Pregnant And Tells Me She Doesn't Feel The Same About Me Anymore?
I [M23] would die for the girl [F23] I met 2 months ago. But not for any member of my family
Please help. My [25M] ex[27F] turned out to be crazy and is now blackmailing me
How should I (20F) properly break up with boyfriend (21M) during this quarantine if I can’t do it in person?
Please help. My[25M] ex[27F]is blackmailing me
People with emotionally unavailable partners, how do you deal?
I (24f) am having trouble getting back into community service after a toxic friendship with someone (27m) who is involved in a lot of local community service efforts
People with emotionally unavailable partners, how do you deal?
Need to break up with my boyfriend in person but that can’t happen now because of the corona virus
What does it mean and how does one effectively break the cycle of breaking up and making up over and over again?
Am I f (27) second best to his m (30) ex?
Girlfriend (22F) might be pregnant but doesn't want to take a test when I (24M) recommend it.
Would you die for your partner but not your other loved ones family?
Having mild relationship issue but not sure if it's an actual issue or if this lockdown is causing me to imagine problems where there are none
my [19f] ex booty call [19m] readded me on snapchat, then deleted me again
Bf keeps pestering me to lose weight
Dating a widow
Bf keeps pestering me to lose weight
M 25 looking for help
[21F] kicked out of my house during finals week and birthday, nowhere to go. Possibly ruined a marriage.
I [25M] was told [25F] that we weren't sexually compatible on the first time, told me she wasn't feeling it.
How do I leave
Friend had PI look into me.
What does it mean and how does one effectively break the cycle of breaking up and making up over and over again?
I am going through a fresh breakup and looking for someone going through something similar who wants to talk.
Sister refuses to go out cause of COVID, wanted me to give some of my plant to have an abortion
(19f) I want to start a patreon/onlyfans account but my bf (20m) says it's only okay if he gets 50% of the earnings even though he won't do anything, what should I do?
Is my(29F) bf(35M) believable, or is this the straw that should break the camels back?
Old flame still interested...?
Im confused
All the awful things my mother has done to me has led to the breakdown of my relationship with my sister.
I [22TF] have doubts about my relationship with my new boyfriend [22M] for absolutely no reason...
I (24F) ended 5 year relationship with (26M). Struggling.
A few close friends[16] didn’t wish me [16]a happy birthday
My (25F) friend (32M) constantly tries to hide his phone. Does he not trust me or could it be something else?
A few close friends [16] didn’t wish me a happy birthday a few days ago. Need advise.
My (18F) Father (49M) is driving me absolutely insane by being a know-it-all constantly
need relationship advice!
Sister refuses to go out cause of COVID, wanted me to give some of my plant to have an abortion
My (25F) friend (32M) constantly tries to hide his phone. Does he not trust me or something else?
I am convinced I [23m] have been unforgivably abusive towards my girlfriend [23f] and don't know if I should break up with her. I have posted our text conversation in this post.
Is my(29F) B(35M) of 6 months believable?
Old flame showing interest...?
Do you think it’s necessary to talk about ex’s when in a new relationship? Why or why not?
My (24M) girlfriend (25F) has been needing a lot of alone time
Husband is zooming one-on-one with a married woman
I [27M] want to buy a house, GF [26F] wants to co-sign
My (25F) partner (29F) and I don’t see eye to eye on their weed usage
I [27M] would like to buy a house, my GF [26F] would like her name on it as well.
My boyfriend [27m] broke up with me [25f] two months ago and we got back together two days later. I feel like something broke.
M 25 my girlfriend 23 might be cheating I heard she was hiding something by using Kik, what do I do?
How did you and your significant other meet?
I (29F) am starting to question my closest friendships (20s-30s M & F)
I 24(F) just ended a relationship with 22 (M) for lying to me, was I wrong?
My (25F) partner (29F) don’t see eye to eye on weed
New father trying to keep the relationship with my partner healthy.
I 30M Am Not Sure if She 28F Is Playing Victim Or Not
I 24(F) just ended a relationship with 22 (M) for lying to me, was I wrong?
MY MOM CHEATED TO MY DAD (AND PROBABLY SHE STILL DOES) BUT HE DOESN'T KNOW
Love Advice Please! 💟
I (25m) feel like I am crazy for ghosting a former lover (24NB) for lying to me about his relationship status
My bf [44M] tells me [40F] he doesn’t want to live with my son [12M]
I [F28] am an introvert (borderline extreme), who still needs to go into work full time. My fiancee [M26] is an extrovert who now has to work from home. We're having trouble navigating our social needs.
My mother[F57] and I[F18] both really want to get a few chickens and don't know how to bring it up to my dad[M58]
I need some honest realtionship advice ASAP please help (m25) (f24)
I Need realtionship advice ASAP what should say or do? (m25) (f24)
Struggling to cope with boyfriend's (32M) past & my own (31F) insecurities
Love Advice Please! 💟
Should I (20F) be concerned for my friend's mental state (20F) based on the song I found?
This is what I live by, I hope you too find something worthwhile.
I am dealing with trauma and I can’t be intimate with my BF like I wish I could
My mother[F57] and I[F18] both really want to get a few chickens and don't know how to bring it up to my dad[M58]
I (31M) just got myself out of a toxic relationship with my girlfriend (28F) during quarantine.
My first love experience is so strange..
What are some tenets of a strong relationship?
What are some tenets of a strong relationship?
What are some tenets of a strong relationship?
I (31M) just got myself out of a toxic relationship with my girlfriend (28F).
I [19M] am worried about my ex-girlfriend [18F] as she’s super depressed, just broke up with me and her nor her parents have the means to get her help
I am convinced I [23m] have been unforgivably abusive towards my girlfriend [23f] and don't know if I should break up with her. I have posted our text conversation in this post.
My ex (23 M) is lying about me (19 F) over a year after we broke up.
Trouble accepting dads partner
I (22M) don’t know if I love my girlfriend (22F) my girlfriend anymore but I don’t know if I should leave just yet.
My [18F] mom [56F] is obsessed with my toxic ex-boyfriend [18M]
When I want to engage in convo with my boyfriend, I feel like I’m being a pest
Is it selfish for a parent (45m) to overly worry with you or is it selfish to not care family members overly worry with you (24m)?
My ex (23 M) is still trashing on me (F19)
How do I tell a child I don’t want to play animal crossing with him?
Boyfriend Doesn't Trust Me After One Time Kiss Incident Months Ago
What would you think of someone (50m) who occasionally goes hiking with his former female assistant (25f), and both say they’re just friends? The woman says they’re just friends but clearly has feelings for him. What is the man looking for here?
My boyfriend ALWAYS walks out when things get too heated. Is this avoidance or?
I try to engage in convos with my BF.. but I feel like I am being annoying
Always walks out
I'm fat ugly short 26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable
I (21F) cannot stop thinking about my ex(24M) even though I'm with somebody else (30M)
Unsure of these college stories with bf, advice
Is it selfish from family member to overly worry with you or is it selfish to not care family members overly worry with you?
The girl (21,F) I (24,F) like finds her friendship with my ex (21,M) as an issue against us getting together
Clarity (25M breaking up with 25F)
living with gf because of Rona
I (21F) cannot stop thinking about my ex(24m) eventhough I'm with someone else (30m)
I (20F) have been in a relationship for 7 years and I feel stuck. I know it's long but PLEASE please read.
Going home for a few months, how to talk to parents about getting the house?
Clarity (25F and 25M breakup)
I (28F) met this cute man (35) he’s an amazing person and I like him, but I never had a serious relationship and never really hit on anyone (on purpose) and I don’t know what to do
My Husband Doesn't Seem To Understand My Anxiety
Hearing about my bf sketchy college years, advice
My boyfriend is confusing me
One of my (F25) close friends (F22) just married an asshole (M2?). I didn’t think it was my place to talk to her about him before the wedding but now I’m regretting it.
I (28F) met this cute man (35) he’s an amazing person and I like him, but I never had a serious relationship and never really hit on anyone (on purpose) and I don’t know what to do
My [28M] girlfriend [25F] got her first B last semester and it’s still making her stress out and it’s caused her to lose her motivation and drive and passion for school.
Comfortable with Pee?
clarity
Does anyone else have this weird dynamic/connection with their best friends? Also psychological explanation?
I broke up with my gf after she came out as trans
Did I overreact?
OK to get upset or did I take it too far?
I (21M) mutually broke up with my GF (19F) and I’m regretting this decision.
(24M) Unrequited love with a lover (26M)
I (28F) met this cute man (35) and I like him but I never had a serious relationship and never really hit on anyone (on purpose) and don’t know what to do
One of my (F25) close friends (F22) just got married to an asshole (M2?) and I’m regretting not saying anything before it was too late.
BEST FRIENDS BROTHER
I [14M] have toxic relationship with my friend [15M]
Should I insist or nah?
My (30M) wife (31F) pretends I don't exist when she is very upset with me
I feel like my(22M) boyfriend(19M) is more interested in his phone than me.
[20M] dating [19F] for 5 months, getting serious. Too early for commitment? Should I try other girls first?
I [14M] have toxic relationship with my friend [15M]
It feels like me (20M) and my girlfriend (18F) have nothing to talk about no more.
I broke up with my gf after she came out as trans
Me [27/F] and my guy [27 M] can't agree on what a life of adventure looks like
Me [27/F] with my guy [33 M] have differing ideas of what a life of adventure looks like
My husband (34) has no idea what's going on with his bank account and had money stolen from his account previously
24F seeking input on how to go about meeting my family for the first time
Need Advice ! Am i wrong?
Pushing through (24M) unrequited love with a lover (26M)
My (29M) wife (29F) pretends like I don't exist everytime she is very upset with me
I want to contact my estranged half-brother
I (22m) broke up with my boyfriend (21m) and I don't know if it was fair for him
Have you ever wished your girlfriend was more adventurous?
My [29M] boyfriend's ex [26F] is staying with his family. And I'm [25F] uncomfortable with it, what would you do? We've been together for 8 months.
Is it really such a bad thing if my boyfriend is a psychopath?
Just found out my boyfriend (22) of a year and a half is a whore & I (21F) was a virgin before I met him & I’m annoyingly bothered by this.
my ex of almost four years and i broke up and nothing feels real
I'm 24 and he's maybe 26 yo
Struggling to cope with boyfriend's (32M) past & my (31F) own insecurities
Parents (58m) and (50f) Disowned Me (18M) For Not Following Islam
How can I [26F] deal with an underperforming coworker [32F] who doesn't like me because I'm competent at my job?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]?
My (F, 30) cousin (M, 18) was in an accident three days ago and is very likely to die within the next 24 hours. How do I help?
What would you think of someone (50m) who occasionally goes hiking with his former female assistant (25f), and both say they’re just friends?
I (27F) am 31 weeks pregnant and need to break up with my baby's emotionally unstable father (36M) but I don't know how.
Am I taking advantage of him?
My (22f) dad (56m) is intrusive when it comes to my acne
I can't remember my first time
Just found out my (29/F) partner (31/M) of 11 years has been cheating on me.
Parents Disowned Me for Not Following Islam
Cheating can destroy you as a person.
[Almost Relationship] My mind is saying it won't work; my heart says maybe
It took a long time but I am so proud of my daughter..the cheating could destroy you really as a person.
Husband [37M] has been saying he wants to leave me [35F] and I just want to work things out.
Boyfriend made me sound bad to his friends
I (25m) love the time when my girlfriend (20f) is with me, but we don't see each other enough, which makes me question our relationship
my ex[f, 29] and I [m, 27] broke up 6 years ago. We dated for two years. Contact after 6 years of none?
I (27f) keep trying to communicate and I keep feeling rejected from partner (32m)
I (32M) love my wife (32F) but I feel like I should leave her and toxic behavior she has, but I don’t feel like I can make it without her
I(19M) am struggling to have sex with my (19F) girlfriend.
so me (18m) and my fiancé (18f) are going on a month break to cut off the toxicity and work on ourselves for a while
Boyfriend offended me
I can’t cope with my (25F) BF’s anger issues (25M) while in lockdown
I(19M) struggle to have sexual intercourse with my(19F) girlfriend
Serious amazing relationship at 21. Will I be regretful of not having more experience being single?
I (32M) love my wife (32F) but I feel like I should leave her and toxic behavior she has, but I don’t feel like I can make it without her
My (F/20) boyfriend (M/21) thinks it’s okay to bully people.
Serious amazing relationship at 21. Will I be regretful of not having more experience being single?
hung up over the way my boyfriend said something
How can I (31F)help support my mom (56F) on her first Mother’s Day without my grandmother (76F)?
I [21 M] threw away everything I had [19F]
Boyfriend mean when drinking
My gf's mom still thinks we're just friends and we don't know why.
I just threw away everything [21M dating 19F]
My bf goes radio silent for days on end when he’s upset with me
Survey for straight women
How to deal one sided trust relationship?
My gf's mother still thinks we're just friends and we don't know why.
Today was out first conversation (30s / engaged) about finances / moving and it backfired bad..........
He (22) dumped me (F20) through text because he thought I was dumping him through text? Now he wants me back.
A guy [teensM] asked to exchange numbers with me [30sF]
[21F] My boyfriend [M31] cheated and is still friends with the other lady...
My [20F] best friend [21F] made a sex tape with my little brother [17M] am I wrong to be pissed at her about it?
What do guys really want in a relationship? What a good qualities for a girlfriend?
Relationship is being challenged by Covid
Would you be offended if someone was dating you out of boredom / loneliness?
I (F24) am in a serious relationship with a (M23) for about 2 years. And I need help with something...
My black friend saw me laughing at racist jokes.
My (17F) boyfriend's (18M) sister (17F) is holding a decade long grudge against me
My (15F) brother (18M) told me to stop calling him
My (21M) Ex (21F) tried to hook up with my Bestfriend (21M) and I want to call her out, but my friends think I shouldn’t
My (28M) ex girlfriend (26F) just sent me a photo of 'my' child (+-7M) and I'm in a relationship with woman(23F) who hates children
My [F/24] boyfriend [M/28] told his roommate something I said about him and now I feel awkward
My [F21] gf [F23] never appreciates my compliments. Narcissistic?
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants
My [F21] gf [F23] never appreciates my compliments. Narcissistic or confident?
Would you be offended if someone was dating you out of boredom / loneliness?
Am I selfish for thinking this way?
My black freind saw me laughing at racist jokes.
Being needy is destroying my relationship
Being needy is destroying my relationship
What do guys really want out of a relationship?
I (25 M) don't have any friends and not sure where I'll find a relationship with a girl.
I (21F) was in fwb with my boss (29M) on my last job and now I'm pregnant and unsure of what to do
My (21M) Ex (21F) tried to hook up with my best friend when she was drunk, I want to call her out but my friends say I shouldn’t.
I (23m) am In a confusing situation with my old (21gf)
My (35M) wife (30F) still obsessively stalks her ex’s new gf’s social media
Girl(25f) left her boyfriend(29M) and she started a relationship with me(24M)
My (22F) BF (24M) is being suspicious
I (25 M) don't have any friends, and don't know where I can find a relationship.
34 [m4f] lonely and hopeful in Nashville
34 [m4f] lonely and hopeful in Nashville
I (21M) think my gf(22) trying to baby trap me?
My [24 M] girlfriend [23 F] 2 years, wants me to stop taking my depression medication
Advice for me (F/29) to prepare to leave Fiancé (M/32) together 8 years?
I (23m) am In a confusing situation with my old (21gf)
My (26f) and now ex (29m) split up not even a week ago. He’s dating a girl he cheated with after just a few days.
Boyfriend (29) stopping me from financially providing for my family.
Is it selfish for me to think this way?
My family seems to think he's OUR boyfriend and not mine
I (24M) don’t know how to handle my (27M) boyfriend’s negativity anymore and it’s affecting my feelings towards him
My boyfriend (29) is stopping me from providing financial support to my family even when I’m financially able.
My (25F) roommate (29NB) is polyamorous and their partner (26M) keeps coming and going between different homes.
Boyfriend vs. Family
Advice for preparing to leave?
I (21M) Broke up with my gf (22) relationship of a 1year on phone. Is she baby trapping me?
my BF's (31M) annoying dog has me reconsidering if I (23F) would ever move in with him
What do you think about going to the zoo on a first date?
That spark?!?!?
I [25F] feel bad about myself because my boyfriend [24M] has only slept with one other person, but I've been with many
My girlfriend (F20) and I (M23) can't come to terms on an open relationship.
How can i help my 18 (F) friend with getting over someone
My (22F) BF (25M) is being suspicious
Would I (25F) be in the wrong to ask my ex bf (30M) to give less money to his family?
Me (27F) and my online romances?
I (24 M) am conflicted in if I want a relationship. How do I find out what I truly want?
I haven't seen my girlfriend [30f] for 5 weeks during the quarantine and now she wants to take a break with me [30m] - is it over?
I (24M) don’t know how to handle my (27M) boyfriends negativity anymore
I (24 M) am conflicted in wanting a relationship. How do I find out what I really want?
I’m not sure if I should break up with my bf, but don’t want to string him along while I decide
Help, I like my best friends best friend
I (27F) and my online romances?
I'm (18F) falling in love with my brother's (23M) girlfriend (21F).
My boyfriend thinks I cheated on him
Ex Girlfriend wants to stay friends but keeps making me uncomfortable.
Fvtvtvtv
I was dumped and i think my Ex is going to try to turn all are mutral friends agenst me
My boyfriend thinks I cheated on him
My girlfriend (F20) and I (M23) can't come to terms on an open relationship.
Oof!
My best friend (M19) has a friend that is stopping me (F19) pursuing a relationship with him.
Oof
My aunt started drinking again
My bfs mom is awkward around me?
My aunt started drinking again
I (20M) have been dating my gf (19F) for 5 months. Doubts in mind— Is it too young for commitment? Am I missing out on sexperience?
I[25] hate having sex with my boyfriend[30M].
help me (24 NB) get over her (30s F)
Should I (30s F) tell a childhood friend (30s M) that a woman (30s F) never had an abortion?
Is it normal that my [22F] siblings [10 M & F] still co sleep cuddled up?
Mom (40F) is a recovering drug addict and felon - wants me to put a gun in my name for her and her husband (38M) - now is throwing a fit and won’t let me contact my sister (13F) because I (21F) said no. Plus, my life story for context.
I [27F] moved across the country for my partner [27M] of 1.5 yrs in November and he broke up with me a week ago
I [19F] can't let go of a guy [24M] that i talked with for only 2 weeks
how do i (24 NB) get over her (30s F)?
Friend [25M] that I’m [21F] casually dating blocked me after I didn’t contact him for 2 hours, without letting me provide a explanation, what should I do?
I moved across the country for my partner of 1.5 yrs in November and he broke up with me a week ago
Relationship Podcast created by Kink Couple
How do I move on?
Is my [F22] strange fwb [M21] gently trying to shut me down or what?
Mom is a recovering addict, and a felon. Wants me to put a gun in my name for her and her felon husband - now is throwing a huge fit and won’t let me contact my younger sister (13) over it.
I [19F] can't stop thinking about a guy [24M] that i talked with for 2 weeks
Why did you break up with someone you loved?
I’m [24/F] and I hate my fiancé’s [25/M] family. What should i do?
My gf is messed up mentally and its affecting me too
He [25M] blocked me [21F] blocked my number after I didn’t call back after 2 hours, I what should I do? Is this immature?
What is your advice on dealing with anxiety and asking for reassurance in a healthy way?
LDR boyfriend (M26) refuses to go public with me (F25).
How to let her 23F know I 23M want to get to know her better and be clear in my intent?
I [27M] dont know how to feel about my [26F] girlfriend of 5 months.
How to deal with relationship anxiety and ask for reassurance in a healthy way?
my story
Things good and bad that are encountered with large age gaps between significant others. My situation has a 14 year age gap. F/24 and M/38.
How to deal with relationship anxiety and ask for reassurance in a healthy way?
I (22M) been losing attraction and feelings towards my girlfriend (F23)
I [26M] Don't know how to feel about my [25F] girlfriend of 7 months
I’m worried about my girlfriend (F18) saying that she’s drunk sometimes
How to handle the potential emotional impact of swinging?
My girlfriend (F18) says she's drunk sometimes
Lonely, but not alone
Running Away From Home (need help)
M(20) Meeting a girl 90 minutes away from me (19F)
Lonely, but not alone
I (22M) been losing attraction and feelings towards my girlfriend (F23)
I have internal issues regarding my friendship with someone.
I (26 F) gave a nickname to my bro (14 M) and my parents hate it
Anyone else can’t imagine being with someone else then their current so?
Why does sex with the girl I love just suck :(
I (26 F) gave my lil bro (14 M) a nickname and my parents hate it
My supervisor is plagiarizing my work and gas-lighting me
Partner (28F) wants me (28M) to take care of her sexual needs without reciprocating and I don't know how to feel.
Was I wrong to call my ex girlfriend tone deaf?
Am I[21M] rude if I smoke weed when my girlfriend [24F] does not?
Am I[21M] rude if I smoke weed when my girlfriend [24F] does not?
What do i do
Partner (28F) wants me (28M) to perform sex acts without reciprocation and I don't know how to feel.
What do I do
Have been putting effort into the relationship but don’t feel it’s being reciprocated
Am I rude for smoking weed when my girlfriend does not?
Loud music causing issues
my ex (M, 22) and i (F, 23) both had rebounds -- but he rebounded with my ex. is it ok for me to be mad?
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) doesn't like me playing video games with my friends
I have a weird relationship status with my "bff", any advice?
In the middle of a global pandemic my fiancé (36M) decided he needs a break to figure out if he still wants to be with me (25F). It’s his house, so guess who had to pack her bags?
[20 M] with my[26 F] 11 Months She Still talks to her ex and sometimes they see each other.
I [25/M] am in the midst of losing my friendship with my roommate [25/m]
I [22f] broke up with my boyfriend [23m] because of his annoying dog
Why does sex with the girl I love just suck :(
Is it wrong for me [21F] to get mad at my boyfriend [29M] for not feeding me?
Loud music causing issues
Three somes
[M] who was having affair with me [F] for the past year did me the favor of bringing me toilet paper today during the pandemic. What was this about? What can I reply
Ended the friends with benefits situation, started acting weird
I [29/f] have been dating my boyfriend [44/m] for 3 years, are our issues really caused by our age gap?
I (20F) broke up with my boyfriend (20M) because I found out he was active on Bumble in our relationship. Did I overreact?
Need advice about ‘ex’ girlfriends birthday
Update: not sure how to tell my parents I’m moving away
24F seeking advice on whether and what to tell my christian bf
Are cyclical relationships inherently toxic?
I [30/f] am dating an older man [44/m]. Why is this concerning to so many?
My partner and I are both doctors at a hospital in a coronavirus hotspot.
Advice appreciated on how to move on?
Tired of pushing
My partner and I are both doctors at a hospital in a coronavirus hotspot.
Why does r/relationships disprove of significant age gaps?
Why does r/relationships disapprove of significant age gaps?
21 [F4M] - looking guys for relationship
21 [F4M] - looking guys bored
Feeling pressured by my emotionally abusive husband. Looking for perspective.
Who has in their memories to sit like this for the entire planet in quarantine?
Boyfriend and I are making a bet, but i dont knoew what I want if I win.
My [37M] insistence on an open marriage with my wife [33F] has backfired terribly
After being in 3 long-term relationships and several flings, I(25F) still haven't reached an orgasm with anyone other than myself, what do I do?
After being in 3 long-term relationships and several flings, I(25F) still haven't reached an orgasm with anyone other than myself, what do I do?
What to do when your girlfriend [19F] tells you [20M] that she knows she'll want to break up eventually?
Roommates Won't Observe Social Distancing
My boyfriend (22) is a whore and I (F21) was a virgin before I met him & I can’t shake it.
How To Stop Being Resentful of Friend?
Roommates Won't Observe Social Distancing
I m(27) spazzed at my gf(23) and feel sorta bad.
After six years he [24m] broke up with me[24f] I’m moving my stuff out of the apartment we shared for 2 of those years right now.
Married couple of 3 years, lost the love
Seeking advice on whether to tell my christian bf about my past
How do I [F21] tell my parents about my boyfriend?
I (19) don't know how to break off friendship with (18)
I [30M] don't know why my brother [22M] is so quiet?
How to tell my parents about my boyfriend?
Deeply guilty about breaking up with my [25F] boyfriend [28M] during lockdown
I (19F) Don't know how to break off weird friendship with (18NB)
My boyfriend’s crazy female ex-best friend
I need to get a closure with my ex, what to do?
Advice needed asap please
My girlfriend refuses to seek help for mental health issues.
Should I (24F) Tell My Husband (28M) the Details of My Abuse?
Boyfriend (might) move to Saudi...?
How early is it to purpose?
Husband finally admitted to not caring about sex anymore; considering open marriage. Seeking guidance.
My wife[30F] and I[34M] got into a fight after she told me late about a major baby milestone (her first solid food). I feel like treated unfairly and being deprived of a major moment in our baby’s life.
Finally got my husband to admit he isn’t interested in sex; now discussing open marriage. Seeking advice.
I (24F) don't know how I feel about my boyfriend (27M).
(M/22) I just don't wanna date anyone, and I want to know the reason behind it!
Help needed in the next hour please
Why do I feel like everyone I love doesn’t love me back?
I (30M) was blocked on one social media platform by form fling (28F) but kept on another social media platform. Why?
(M/22) I just want to know why I'm having a feeling like this!
Should I leave my boyfriend?
Why do I always feel like everyone I love doesn’t love me back?
Ladies, how do I help my partner with her low libido?
I want to connect with an old friend?
Why do I always feel like everyone I love doesn’t love me back?
How do I [26/M] say no more to my girlfriend [25/F] and leave her?
I want to connect with an old friend?
I just wanna know what it is!
My fiancé [26M] gets upset with me [23F] if I cry, but I can't help but cry when I get emotional.
Me [29 M] with my friend [38 M] of 10+ years, having trouble getting over lying
Best friend developed inflated ego, how to help?
Best friend lies about my boyfriend
I (21F) don't know how to feel about my friend with benefits (20M) after he joked about not deleting explicit pictures of me he took when we were drunk
I (30M) was blocked on Instagram by a former fling (28F) but she kept me as a “friend” on Facebook. What does that even mean?
I [32F] am a "beard" for podcasting friend [30M] who is online famous and now I want to end it.
Is anyone else (I’m 23F with 26M for 1yr) worried that their relationship won’t be as strong after quarantine? We don’t normally live together so this has been kinda nice, but eventually we’ll be back in our own homes.. I feel guilty for enjoying being together all the time
Little to No Foreplay 😔
Close friend developed an inflated ego, what to do?
Can't feel the same about any other girl.
My (28f) fiancé (49M) hides his drinking from me
Amazing Podcast on Relationship and self growth
My (28f) fiancé (49m) hides his drinking from me.
He left his girlfriend for me , I broke up with him & he went back to her.
My (28f) fiancé (49m) hides his drinking from me.
Bf with bad sex experience
I (20f) have to re-explain my boyfriend (22m) my boundaries
Confusing girl
I (F21) think my boyfriend (m20) was about to physically hurt me in a heated argument
Should I still give gifts for my parents if they have stopped giving gifts to me? 20/F
My bf [28] just bough a fleshlight without telling! Should I be annoyed?
Should I still get gifts for my parents if they stopped giving gifts to me?
My (29F) fiance (33M) and I have not had sex in 2 years and I think he might be gay.
Roommate Troubles
Was my ex’s response pathetic? He left me 3 weeks ago, came back to me last week, only to accuse me of lying for declining his FaceTime call, even after providing a screenshot.
Was my ex’s response pathetic? He broke up with me 3 weeks ago, came back to me last week, only to accuse me of lying for declining his FaceTime call even after providing screenshot.
She said "YES"
Ladies, how do I help my partner with her low libido?
I (m25) had sex with a friend of my ex girlfriend (F20)
Sometimes you shouldn't ask any questions.
My former best friend doesn’t get my anxiety.
I'm [24M] currently stuck between GF [21F] and an Ex [24F].
Traveling romance ain’t so romantic anymore
Travelers romance ain’t so romantic anymore....conversation advice?
Boyfriend looks like twin sister.
Sleeping arrangements with partner
My ex friend blew (literally) through our friend group and I’m left sad and alone, should I have confronted her?
I (M25) had sex with a friend of my ex girlfriend (F20)
F(19) suddenly decides she doesn't want to speak to me M(19) ever again, how am i supposed to get over her when i literally can't stop thinking about her?
My wife[30F] and I[34M] got into a fight after she told me late about a major baby milestone (her first solid food). I feel like treated unfairly and being deprived of a major moment in our baby’s life.
My (24M) husband makes me feel horrible about my body image (24F), we have been together 6 years.
My girlfriend always makes me guess what upset her
I am a [25f] and my [27f] ex gf sent me a video of her having sex with someone else. How should I handle it?
Need help.
Any cute quarantine anniversary ideas?
You can’t appreciate if you don’t trust
Any cute quarantine anniversary ideas?
My brother (20M) masturbates in the same room as me (12M)
How do I [19f] go about interacting with a coworker [21m] who ghosted me ?
Moving country and sending a text?
My (21M) girlfriend (20F) of three months started talking to a guy online, and it's getting messier
My girlfriend never tells me what upset her
My (34M, 240lb, 6'7", Time Of Writing 09:27 04/18/2020) dog (6F, Pitbull, 50lb) Fucked my wife (97F, 34lb 8'3") at (6:82 PM 4/17/2020)
I'm (23M) feeling uncertain about a long distance relationship with him (32M) despite still having very strong feelings.
I’m 28(F) and never really had any proper friends
I (26F) can't tell if I'm being unreasonable asking my boyfriend (27M) to be more empathetic
Moving countries to leave a manipulative relationship.
It’s impossible to appreciate without trust
I [M20] fucked my girlfriend of six month’s [F18] best friend [F19].
Why you're being taken for granted in your relationship?
Should I[25M] reach out to a friend [27F] who reaches out then ghost me
My 27 yr old ex gf sent me a video of her having sex with someone else
You are settling when you are trying to change someone.
Should I(m26) reach out to my old friend(f25) after these recent dealings
I (F30) am concerned that my husband (M31) will never be able to hold down a job.
A broken friendship, advice please?
You are settling when you are trying to change someone.
Best friend is being negative about my new relationship
it's over in lockdown- sad and needing advice
It's over- spiky long distance romance :(
How to stop feeling insecure over the hot Instagram models that he [26M] follows?
Should I reach out in person to a friend of mine in person,
Sick to my stomach when I think about having sex with my bf
My (29f) fwb (35m) is cryptic about if he wants a relationship but is upset i didn't consider him deciding to move away to study
I (28f) is trying to understand what happened with (29m) in the relationship
Why she take you for granted in your relationship?
should I ask her about this?
My [16F] dad [44M] disappears for a week or two on drinking binges
Did I [F/27] miss the warning signs or was he the one? And how to continue dating with severe trust issues?
Why can’t I talk to my parents?
How to solve fight between my mother and father which is affecting me?
My friends (M13, M13) makes me (M14) depressed, drained, and left feeling worthless. I know I should leave them behind but this thought makes me even more depressed. What do I do help
My boyfriends best friend is the guy all women hate
My [M22] ex [F24] of 2 years left me for another guy 4 months ago but is hot and cold with me. Advice please
My girlfriend is amazing but I want more sexperience with other girls
I (18m) graduates high school a year ago and want to text a girl who I barely talked to
My boyfriends best friend is the guy all women hate
My friends (M13, M13 makes me (M14) depressed, drained, and left feeling worthless. I know I should leave them behind but this thought makes me even more depressed. What do I do help
I (20, F) am in a friend group of 4 people. I started dating one of them (21, F). We finally told our friends, and one of them just feels like they can’t be our friend anymore. Should we ends things for the sake of our friendship group?
I (18m) have graduated high school, I want to chat to a girl who I’ve barely talked to should I?
My (24F) boyfriend (46M) keeps bringing up his sexual past
My friends (M13, M13) makes me (M14) depressed, drained, and left feeling worthless. I know I should leave them behind but this thought makes me even more depressed. What do I do help
My friends makes me depressed, drained, and left feeling worthless. I know I should leave them behind but this thought makes me even more depressed. What do I do help
I (18m) have graduated high school, I want to chat to a girl who I’ve barely talked to should I?
My friends makes me depressed, drained, and left feeling worthless. I know I should leave them behind but this thought makes me even more depressed. What do I do help
I (18m)ve graduated high school, I want to chat to a girl who I’ve barely talked to should I?
How to go that the girl(18) im(20) dating is very "naive" about guy-friends
I 18M Have graduated high school, I want to chat to a girl who I’ve barely talked to should I?
I (19M) am conflicted because I love my gf (20F) but feel there may be some compatibility issues
I am in a friend group of four people. I (20 f) am starting to date one of them (21 m). We told our friend group. One of them doesn’t think she can be our friend anymore. Advice?
My (38M) girlfriend (37F) has a "guy friend" and I don't want her hanging out with him
My girl, who loves me a lot, broke up with me completely out of the blue, saying she has a bad feeling about us. What happened?
GF (19F) makes me (20F) feel rude and wrong for being worried about her cheating.
My [22F] body confidence issues are starting to make my boyfriend [21M] feel impatient
I (27F) am worried about a fundamental incompatibility with my partner (24F)
I(25) don't know what to think about my sister(23).
Suspected depression(?) and love.
Are my(25) reactions unreasonable and cold towards my sister?
I (28F) have feelings and am attracted to the guy (26M) I am dating but I’m not sure he feels the same and it’s concerning. (Read on for details)
GF (19) makes me feel wrong for being concerned about her cheating.
Too leave and even how?
I [26M] can't tell if I'm in an emotionally abusive relationship with my SO [26F]
Am I (23m) letting my insecurities get the best of me?
I am at a loss at what to do from here - need advice
My (23F) boyfriend (26M) of 3 years has been active on a dating app recently. I am unsure how to approach this or if I even should?
Im paying for something someone offered to do
Im paying for something someone offered me
My anxiety is ruining my relationship
I'm [M/29] Feeling down after last break-up with yet another person who is recently out of a relationship
Met before Coronavirus, but not in person.
Do you think this is offensive?
Do you think this is offensive?
My parents threw out all of my belongings while I was travelling. What should I do?
Something’s wrong I can feel it.
At a loss at what to do next - need advice
I [20 M] do not have a positive relationship with my parents [50s] they minimize my disability and are hard to talk to.
A call for help - I'm drifting away from a close friend of mine.
I(29M) am treated like a child and I don’t know why.
Long Post. Think it’s time to break this off!
Think it’s fine to end this relationship.
I [31 F] have cold feet about my [30 M] long term boyfriend who wants to get engaged.
I [F19] have always thought I had philophobia (fear of love), but this is another level.
I [F19] have always thought I had philophobia (fear of love), but this is another level.
An article on the interwebs from Cosmopolitan, October, 2001
Ex gf marries my twin
My Friend (F, 30) Completely Changed For the Worst & Began Harassing Me After Confiding In Her About A Sexual Encounter: Was She Just "Jealous" Over Who I was With?
Is it normal to want to break up after 2 years of dating because you want to focus on personal growth?
Ex gf marries my twin
A “Cosmo” view on engagements/relationships from 2001
Is it normal to not want to be in a relationship with someone after dating them for 2 years? Or am I just insane?
Ex gf marries your twin
How do my (21f) boyfriend (28m) and I get over cheating scare and me finding a condom in his bag?
I (19M) just got out of a 14month relationship with a girlfriend (17F) and it hurts
Anxiety is ruining my relationship.
Need advice - at a loss at what to do!
How can I (F17) get him (M19) to have a mature conversation with me rather then just him threatening stuff?
18F can't tell if I'm in a controlling relationship with my 19M bf 1 year and half.
I hate being in a relationship
How can I (F17) get him (M19) to have a mature conversation about how his actions affect me?
Controlling ex best friend
HELP FINDING A VERY DISTURBING POST FROM A FEW DAYS AGO! (17f whose brother in law was masturbating in front of her)
My (F17) boyfriend (M19) doesnt even try to pretend to respect my opinions.
Controlling ex best friend
TL;DR 18F can't tell if I'm in a controlling relationship with my 19M bf 1 year and half.
Controlling ex best friend..
I think my roommate (19M?) is dropping hints he is trans ftm & i (19F) might have feelings for him
How do I (21, female) cancel an arrangement with a friend (35,female) that I have grown tired of?
How do I cancel an arrangement that I have grown tired of?
Love yourself no matter what
Ma convinced me to conduct a fitness class for free for my friend whose gym is closer. I’m rapidly getting fed up of it - how do I tell her this?
My (22) bfs mom excludes me from things
Need advice - at a loss at what to do
Will I be given unsolicited updates on an ex-boyfriend forever?
Should I(24M) stop worrying about my girlfriend(25m) around her friends?
Me [22N] I'm worried about my parent's [49F] [51M] views as of late.
My (24F) friend (26M) told me he had feelings for me
My husband (27M) and my best friend (26F) planned for her to befriend me (26F) so they could hide their cheating
Need advice - at a loss what to do
I (20F) resent my (21M) bf because he’s German, and Germany did bad things to my country poland
My bfs mom excludes me from things
I (20F) resent my (21M) bf because he’s german and I’m polish, and what Germany did to my country
I (20F) love my bf (21M) but he’s german and I’m polish and I hate Germans for what they did to poland
I (20F) love my boyfriend (21M) but I’m polish, he’s German and Nazis killed my grandma
Help with my (18m) relationship stuff
Help with my (18m) relationship life.
17 years after a break-up, and my friends still give me unsolicited updates on the ex.
Am really curious to know
My boyfriend lied about his history with girls he still has contact with. (20sm)(20sf)
Am I being too sensitive?
Our first date painting
Am I the sensitive one?
I suddenly lost interest in a guy who used to be so important to me
I suddenly lost interest in a guy that used to be so important to me
I suddenly lost interest in a guy that used to be so important to me.
I don't know what to do?
I don't know what to do?
I (M23) Got feelings for my Friend’s (M22) gf (F22)
Should I be annoyed that my boyfriend doesn't include me in events with his friends?
I don't know what to do?
I (M23) Got feelings for my Friend’s (M22) gf (F22)
The Deepest Wounds, the Frankest Sorrows
Looking for advice on if I handled ending a toxic situation correctly
Did I overreact? (21F) (23M)
Me and my husband (of two years) haven't had sex even once since our marriage (arranged marriage). I want to start my sex life with my husband and I need some advice/help. (Me-20F and husband-25M)
Please help - At a loss at what to do - need advice
Boyfriend (m24) has been ignoring me (f21) for more then a day now
My boyfriend (19M) keeps wanting to take me (18F) on pricey dates, but I can’t afford to split the bill
Boyfriend ignoring me for more then a day now- what do I do
Me and my husband (of two years) haven't had sex even once since our marriage (arranged marriage). I want to start my sex life with my husband and I need some advice/help. (Me-20F and husband-25M)
My Boyfriend [26M] can’t shower alone
Am I going overboard if I (F35) socially distance from my SO (M33) that I don't live with?
Am I going overboard if I (F35) socially distance from my SO (M33) that I don't live with?
Me [22F] fighting with my 10+ plus friend [24M], it all came to a head and I'm not sure how to proceed
My Boyfriend [26M] can’t shower alone
Is it overboard to socially distance from a SO I [F35} don't live with [M33]?
Socially distancing from a SO I don't live with
My girlfriend won't seek help for mental health issues, and I'm considering breaking up
Insight into my mess
Help friend wants to marry and live with momma
Help! Friend wants to get married and live with momma
Help! Friend wants future wife to live with momma
My ex [23F] and I [23F] broke up 2 days ago. She says she fell in love with being alone, yet still cares for me. I think she is depressed, yet she says she is alright. I’m confused.
Why is sex so overrated?
HELP, friend wants his future wife to live with momma
Is a sexless relationship normal?!
I (f/24) am having trouble moving out because I don't want to leave my corgi (m/2) dog behind. I feel like this is preventing me from taking that leap. Help?
Stuck in lockdown and lease with crazy ex
Stuck in lockdown and lease with my ex who’s crazy
How did you know it was time to end a relationship?
[20M]My [20F] Pregnant girlfriend left me
How often would be appropriate to text an ex?
I (18F) don’t think my new relationship with my partner (19M) is headed in the right direction (TW WARNING)
How should I (18F) tell my boyfriend (18M) about my abuse?
I (18F) don’t think my new relationship with my partner (19M) is headed in the right direction (TW WARNING¿)
Will my feelings ever fade
Will my feeling ever fade
I (23 F) am done with my family emotionally, but i don’t know how i’m gonna deal with my family moving forward, help?
[20M]My [20F] Prefnant girlfriend left me
I [26F] don't feel romantically or sexually attracted to my partner [27M] after living with him
BF pretended to be me
My gf(25f) is moving out of our place to live with her parents
I (23 F) am done with my family emotionally, but i don’t know how i’m gonna deal with my family moving forward, help?
I (F27) am having issues with what appears to be my partners (M30) racism?
My brother (20M) masturbates in the same room as me (12M)
Facetiming My Girlfriend
Will the feelings ever fade
My girlfriend [29F] just got a love message from her ex and I [32M] don’t know how to handle this cause she didn’t block him nor shut him down appropriately
Moving on
TL;DR I (Female 25) Feel inadequate to my new boyfriend (Male 29)
Tl:Dr I'm scared I dont compare
My [19F] boyfriend [20M] voices acts NSFW content yet his secrecy around it conflicts with my desire to support him
I'm scared a cannot compare
Reddit people what were your experiences of breaking love relationships with other people?
What advice would you give an (almost!!) 18 year old about dating?
What advice would you give an (almost!!) 18 year old about dating?
I just asked a girl out
dear jojo,
My (18F) ex (19M) and I broke up, now we are BESTFRIENDS.
Confused GF, now GF's sister is messing up
I [17M] think I might've hurt my very close friend [16M] and ruined our relationship
letter to ex
My (18F) ex (19M) broke up with me but we are still BEST friends.
I (M/22) need help dealing with my sister (F/29)
taena lagi nalang nareremove yung post ampota— i’m 21, my SO is 21. I have been in a toxic relationships but i am with someone who’s isn’t toxic, but rather healthy to me and my growth; makes me become a better person etc. How can i stop being the toxic person?
Will my feelings ever fade
I (14 M) was walking to my next class in middle school when a random girl (14 F) punched me in the groin as she walked past me. Would does this mean?
letter to my ex
(21) anyone who’s been in a toxic relationship before and is now in a healthy relationship? how did you guys handle it and not become the “toxic person”? [SO: 21]
Not sure how to proceed
Anyone who’s been in a toxic relationship before and is now in a healthy relationship? how do you guys handled it? How can you not be a toxic partner to your SO?
letter to my ex
Am I (M21) getting suckered by an ex (F18)?
I (21F) feel like I'm a different person to different people.
FIND YOUR CRUSH SECRET OBSESSION
Am I getting suckered?
My brother-in-law [35 M] played a prank in which I [32 F] thought my sister 35 F] had died which caused me to faint and have to go to the ER. I refuse to have contact with him
I'm scared my ex best friend is doing black magic on me.
i have an upcoming date and i would love some advice
Was my fiancé being controlling?
I need help with what to do
I need to fix things at least a little bit with an ex friend.
Found out my Ex collected my hair and made a key chain with it.
I (30F) fell for my roommate (27M) and need advice
I (29m) have a confusing relationship with my roommate (30f)
My Husband Has A Porn Addiction
My fiancée (35M) and I (25F) only have sex once a month, and it’s clearly an issue for me. He said it’s because of his antidepressants but yesterday I found out he masturbated over a photo of someone he had sex with twice.
My (18F) girlfriend (18F) who I'm on a break with sent a picture of herself crying to my best friend (18M)
I need honest help with an ex-friend.
i have a upcoming date and i really would love some advice
My fiancée and I live together and rarely have sex (one a month), and it’s clearly an issue for me. Yesterday, He masturbated over a photo of someone he had sex with twice in the past. What does that mean?
Too jealous?
Is it inherently wrong for me [M22] to have a relationship with a younger girl [F17]? She wants to pursue something, but I am unsure. Legal where we are, I am asking from a moral perspective.
Was my fiancé being controlling?
Is a relationship between me M[22] and a girl F[17] necessarily bad? She wants to pursue something, I am unsure. Legal where we are, I am asking morally.
Am I off the deep end?
Best friend is being negative about my new relationship.
I (29m) have a confusing relationship with my roommate (30f)
I (M/22) seriously don't know how to deal with my sister (F/29)
Help
I (30F) fell for my roommate (27M) and need advice
Best friend is acting weird about my new boyfriend.
I need help
My boyfriend and I of 9 years just recently broke up and I can’t ever imagine myself being with anyone else
I (26 F) burned the winning scratchers my fiancé(36 M) gave me in a my fire fire pit tonight.
upcoming date
Will I always have feelings
Question about boundaries in a fwb relationship
Is it normal to feel this way? What should I do to overcome this?
An upcoming date
I(32m) am going to break up with my wonderful girlfriend(34f). I think she will be blindsided. Help me soften this blow.
I think my (22) boyfriend (22) isn’t attracted to me anymore
How do I (30F) tell my boyfriend (30M) that his soon to be ex wife is harassing me?
Me [24 F] with a [23 M] person, together for four months in total
I (20m) am feeling too emotionally attached to my long distance gf (21f)
Is my fiancé being controlling? How do I fix this?
Honesty
I (25M) am starting to dread my relationship with my girlfriend (20F) because of my distrust of women and it is slowly killing me. Need advice.
I've lost the love of my life and I don't know how to recover
I (18) was talking to this girl (18) for a bit but got left on read but dont know how to strike up another convo
How does one apologize when you weren’t in the wrong
Dad Moved Former Mistress in Right After Divorce
Need help here 😭
My girlfriend does adult camming and I don’t know what to do
Question about boundaries in a fwb relationship
My friend (F13) could be lying to me and I don’t know what to do
I (18) was talking to this girl (18) for a bit but got left on read but dont know how to strike up another convo
My friend (F13) may be lying to me and I don’t know what to do
My girlfriend does adult camming and I don’t know what to do
Broke off a 2yr relationship and I still miss her...but it’s too late
Love is great till lost
20F GF has paranoia about my 23M phone
My (30M) girlfriend (31F) is mad at me for 'liking' a character on a TV show who does terrible things, and I feel like she is making this out to be a way bigger issue than it really is.
Long distance relationship but let’s make it 4,000 miles apart... Advice?
I (21F) don’t really like my college friends anymore...
I (18) was talking to this girl (18) for a bit but got left on read but dont know how to strike up another convo
Am in the wrong for feeling uncertain?
I (21F) don’t really like my college friends anymore...
I [18/M] caught our landlord [49/F] peeking through my window, should I talk to her about it?
Pure Love
Adviceeeeee
Been in this for so long, now what?
Code Red: Am I (23F) TOTALLY INSANE for missing my Bf (27M) because he’s sick?
I (26F) found out my boyfriend's (27M) family hates me and that he kept it from me for 6 years.
My (24M) girlfriend (22F) lives with an abusive brother (25M)
Relationship advice
I (27M) have been having trouble ejaculating with my girlfriend (24F)
My (23GQ) BF (23M) of 3yrs forgets things constantly and I'm losing my mind and my trust
CODE RED: IS IT WEIRD OR TOTALLY NORMAL THAT I LIVE WITH MY BOYFRIEND AND LITERALLY MISS HIM BECAUSE HE’S SICK AND I CANT BE AROUND HIM??
My (23F) parents saw inappropriate texts and won’t talk to me
How do I make friends in my college major?
I [21F] keep having anxiety about my relationship with my boyfriend [29M] [Long Post]
How do I make friends in my college major?
I [21F] keep getting anxiety about my relationship with my boyfriend. [29M] [Long Post]
Me [32 M] with my ldr [18 F] 8 months, She msged me today and said we should stop talking
She only wants to meet when studying...
I'm (f/35) not sure how to respond to my friend's (f/33) constant giddy updates about a guy who cheated/lied
I (40f) am engaged but I'm beginning to think he (44m) has a High Conflict Personality and I'm getting cold feet.
Stuck in an unclear situation [M/F21]
My (33F) cheap boyfriend (34M) wants to take advantage of COVID-related anti-eviction laws by squatting and wants me to represent him in housing court if he's sued
I (22F) matched with my friend's (22F) ex (23M) - should I say something?
Childhood friend [23F] talking trash about me with ex friend [21m]
Wife and I arguing over piercing our daughter's ears
Me [21M] with Hinge Girl [21F] figuring out best course of action
I (20F) really don’t like my boyfriends (20M) parents
My (21M) girlfriend (20F) will be completely alone if I break up with her
Should I (20M) confront my girlfriend (18F) for sexting a chatbot?
My (33F) cheap boyfriend (34M) wants to take advantage of COVID-related anti-eviction laws by squatting and wants me to represent him in housing court if he's sued
My (23F) friend's (23F) ex (24M) might be into me
AHEM (I'm not sober and I'm sorry in advance)
Wife and I arguing over piercing our daughter's ears
Is it normal if my bf (33M) watches porn and looks at nudes while spending time w me (25F)?
Having second thoughts after 2 years... Loss of attraction and unsure of what to do. Help!
I [25F], an extremely late bloomer, have developed feelings for a guys friend [26M], and don't know how to proceed
Should I (20M) confront my girlfriend (18F) for sexting a chatbot?
Bf vs parents!! sos
A Toxic relationship?
Should I stay?
Disgusted by bf porn addiction
Does my best friend (F14) like me (F14), or is she just a really close friend?
bf vs parents!!
bf vs parents!!
Wife and I in disagreement over piercing daughter's ears
Was it a toxic relationship?
(Funny post) Relationship milestone in with me and my fiance.
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) just admitted that he look at photos of other girls cause he “misses me”
My [22F] sister [16F] started absolutely despising me in November and is now threatening suicide to my parents.
Worried. Please ease our minds.
Worried. Please ease our minds.
Ex gf slept with my dad
My [22F] sister [16F] started hating me in November and has recently started threatening suicide to my parents.
I want to date a girl
Ex slept with my dad
My [22F] sister [16F] started hating me back in November and is threatening suicide to my parents.
What is love
Girlfriend roasting me consistently while we game with her new set of online friends. I feel weird about it. I know it's just banter, but should I approach her over it?
I (22F) found out my parents (50s) voted for Trump in 2016. They told me they voted for Hillary.
I [21M] want kids and love but lost faith in marriage
I [21M] want kids and love but lost faith in marriage
I want kids and love but I lost faith in marriage
Rant
I (20F) keep messing up with my boyfriend (21M) even when I’m trying really hard.
Spying on me
I (22F) want to break up with my boyfriend (26M) because he's too demanding. Is my reasoning sound?
Married (30F) has feelings for (36M) at work
How do I (25F) deal with my boyfriend (21M) following certain women on social media?
I (M33) Stupidly talked about how I found a lady attracted in front of my wife (F31) but apologized.
I [19F] am unsure how to handle sexual frustration in current situation
what made you realize they were "the one" and how long did it take you to realize it?
I (24M) want to ask girl (23F) I'm dating to be my girlfriend
Married (30F) has feelings for someone at work.
Is this boy gaslighting me or is he being genuine?
I [19F] am unsure how to handle sexual frustration in current times
My BF is being a jerk about my mental health plummeting
Managing a messy breakup with someone (m24) I (f22) deeply love
My best friend doesn't wanna hurt his girlfriend or me.
Non-Muslim women of Reddit who are married to a Muslim man, what has your experience been like so far?
Confused about this love, wondering if there's still a chance for my (f22) ex (m24) and I...
My BF is being a jerk about my mental health plummeting
My dad’s [44M] girlfriend [19F] used to date my brother [20M]
Is this normal?
I (22f) feel stuck and suffocated in my relationship with my boyfriend (23m)
So me and my mom had a talk...
So I had a talk about dating...
how did you know they were the one?
I (20M) keep being disappointed by my close friend (22F) what can I do about this situation ?
me (16F) and now ex (17M) broke up yesterday after 1 year.
how did you know you found the one?
Looking for a girl
BF (23M) feelings/insecurity are dragging me (21F) down and annoying me
Looking for a girl🥺
How to deal with the fact that my partner (30m) doesn´t want to touch me (33f) or even meet me anymore when we are living together 24/7 in quarantine?
I'm scared of my (21F) relationship with my boyfriend (26M) fizzling out during quarantine
No matter what his situation, he won’t stay up with me.
98% certain my (25F) best friend (32M) mumbled ‘love you’ tonight and I don’t know what to do
Me [26F] with my boyfriend [27M] 6 years, both of us suck at cleaning but he refuses to hire a cleaner.
How to deal with the fact that my partner (30m) doesn´t want to touch me (33f) or even meet me anymore when we are living together 24/7 in quarantine?
boyfriend and parent issues!!!
Are relationship doubts normal
I just found out my deceased mom had intentionally picked a Nazi to father me knowing she was going to have my concentration camp survivor grandpa raise me
Is my friend(F12) pranking me?
boundaries between 22M and 17F?
Sending nudes is fine but saying I love you isn’t
I just found out my deceased mom had intentionally picked a nazi to father me knowing she was going to have my concentration camp survivor grandpa raise me
My [37M] wife [33F] is quarantining with her personal trainer [25M]
I (14M) feel like my friend (13F) is pranking me about losing my friends.
I (27f) am struggling too much to help my BF (32m)
Love confusion. Which path do I take?
I [23M] cheated on my [25F] girlfriend. I am disgusted with myself and do not know how to handle it. I already was going to break up with her, but I am not sure if I should tell that I cheated or not. Any advice?
My ex best friend [24M] gave up our friendship because I [23F] tried to stop him from making a really big mistake.
My (22f) now ex boyfriend (25m) didn't want kids. Why?
My ex best friend [24M] gave up our friendship because I [23F] criticized him.
My (22f) now ex boyfriend (25m) didn't want kids. Why?
I’m (30m) feeling insecure about my haircut due to my GF not liking it.
Relationship is partially one-sided. Someone else has entered the picture that might be a better fit. Don't want to break his heart. Needing advice.
I [23M] cheated on my girlfriend [25F]. I am disgusted with and I don't know how to handle my situation. I am going to breakup with her but I don't know if I should tell that I cheated or not. Any advice?
My (19f) mum (53f) made fun of my self harm scars and threw a hanger at my cat and I don't know what to do
Im having problems with my exes new girlfriend
Lovers tiff
Should I listen to the voice in my head saying it's a bad idea?
Should I listen to the voice in my head saying it's a bad idea?
I never wanted to stop hanging out with friends because I have a girlfriend but it’s happened.
My (22f) now ex boyfriend (25m) didn't want kids. Why?
I (23/f) don’t know if i’m in luv with my very best friend (24/f) or if it’s infatuation... We r both confused.
My man wants to duck his cousin
After 10 years of holding him down he leaves me bc all I asked was for stability
I have trouble forgiving my gf
My (F25) boyfriend (M25) continually goes behind my back to talk to girls/exes. I dont know what to do anymore i moved across the country to be with him.
My [M23] GF [22] of 4 years doesn’t think I make enough effort
I am [23F] always going to my boyfriends [23M] house, he rarely comes to mine. We’ve been together 4 years now and this is still an ongoing issue
Me (M27) and my gf (F28) get in fights about me flirting with girls on discord
I am having problems with my exes new girlfriend, and they only seem to get worse
I messed up, don't know what to do
am i overreacting?
I feel like boyfriend always finds excuses to not visit me.
My dad has secretly wanted a divorce for years, but my parents still live together. How should I feel?
I have trouble forgiving my ex
I (30F) was introduced to a guy (33M) through a frd but we haven’t met and it’s a LDR. Only virtual dating everyday. How to continue with the sparks?
My dad has secretly wanted a divorce for years, but my parents still live together. How should I feel?
Are relationship doubts normal?
I (M30) think I destroyed my relationship with my wife (f29) over pornography
Me (27F) and my bf (27M) of 2 years seem to be coming to the end of our relationship and it's bringing up fears of if anyone will ever love me and accept my sexual issues like he does.
I (30F) was introduced to a guy (33M) through a frd but we haven’t met and it’s a LDR. We meet virtually everyday. Should we continue?
I (17M) don't know what to do about my emotionally unavailable father.
The girl (F21) I (M20) have feelings for, has dating anxieties
I’m a man who is a five at best, but feel I deserve a ten
My [M23] GF [22] of 4 years doesn’t think I make enough effort
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]
I’m a Man who’s a 5 at best, but I feel I deserve a 10
Reality is a Hard Pill to Swallow.
My (20M) mother (41F) was unmanageable, then she changed suddenly.
Feeling bad for ghosting a player, wondering where to move forward from here
Why do people want to be in relationships?
Engaged in my parents house, would this be strange?
Popping the question soon, want outside opinions.
I'm in love with my best friend and he moves away in less than 3 months - do I open this can of worms?
Am I(21M) a bad person for moving on from mental abuse in a previous relationship(21F) to a new one(18F)
I(16m) can't stop thinking about how my ex(17m) hurt me
My (26F) fiance (31M) says he'll leave me if I take another Uber
My gf(26f) and I (28m) argue differently and I feel like it’s bringing us to an end... how do I interpret this?
My wife turned out to be a golddiger
I think my [21M] coworker [20F] has been spreading rumors about me to some of my friends, and one of my close friends in particular has stopped texting me. I'm at a loss at what to do.
My boyfriend [18m] thinks leaving friends when I [18m] need help is rude to them?
I (F/20) am the only one who ever cleans in my families house. (M/70) (F/30) (M/18)
So i’m 18 and mixed I was wondering if I have a chance with lighter toned girls like white girls. I’ve currently been let down a lot because of being mixed.
Feeling stuck in my engagement
Is my boyfriend attracted to me?
This isn’t necessarily anything ti do with a relationship but are women attracted to mixed guys?
I want to restrict my relationship with my mom and her relatives.
My (36M) wife (36F) volunteers to cook in an unhealthy way and I don't like it
My very new girlfriend is essentially making plans for me to move in with her. How am I supposed to respond to this?
Cross-Cultural Marriage going South FAST
I [M19] don't know what to do about my strained relationship with GF [F19]
Guy [50M] I [30F] am dating unable to maintain erection
My (19F) sister (24F) just called me out on something I didn’t know she knew about infront of my entire family. What should I do?
Been in this for so long, now what?
My (19F) sister (24F) just called me out on something I didn’t know she knew about infront of my entire family. What should I do?
Is it normal for couple to sare their social media account??
My girlfriend (24) is going through a rough patch right now emotionally. I (25) male , am trying to figure out how to help her. Is this depression , is she no longer happy with me ? What should I do ..
Advice for me (20M) and my girlfriend (20F)
My gf (26f) and I (28m) resolve issues differently and I think it’s bringing us to an end.
I [16m], am in love with a foreign exchange student [16f]. Confessed to her when I thought she was leaving, but plans changed. Help
I feel hopeless in a cultural mismatch. Am I the baddie?
I [M21] don’t know if I am still in love with my girlfriend [F21] of 2 years. We also will be wholly unable to see each other for 6-9 months at least
Gf (25) is upset with me (M27) because of Snapchat porn.
Relationship advice for me (20y/o m) and my gf (20y/o f) please!
My sad breakup story
My terrible breakup story
Is Snapchat porn cheating?
Girlfriends rhetorical nature driving me mad
Safety to keep in mind for those who are kids speaking to adults.
23m girlfriend can’t make me finish
I (30F) am having issues with an employee (22F) who seems to think she co-runs and built the business I own with my fiance (32M)
Girlfriend 20 can’t make me cum 23M
My (19M) girlfriend (18M) has been keeping secrets about her ex and trust is gone.
I (18F) want my ex (18M) back. Is it too late?
Best way to get back on a cheating ex?
Best way to get back on a cheating ex?
Is it normal to regret getting into a relationship once you’re in one?
Girlfriend(25) is upset with me (M27) because of Snapchat porn.
How do I [F24] stop being so fucking emotionally depended of my friend [23NB]
How do I stop being so fucking emotionally depended
How do I (M18) convince my parents to give me more freedom?
Now that I’m(26f) in a serious relationship, I’m kind of regretting it. Is this normal?
Me (29F) with my boyfriend (31M) of 2.5 years, won’t turn off his work alarm on weekends, I can’t go back to sleep and he refuses to stop
Biggest mistake i ever made in relationship
My girlfriend told me that she didn't love me anymore
My girlfriend told me that she didn't love me anymore. Im 16
I don’t know if my best friend (F14) likes me (F14), or if she’s just a really close friend.
My friend [25m] shares "bad" opinions on social media but never shares them in person
Male(27) wondering if female(27) is uninterested and going to ghost me.
How do you politely tell a Tinder date that you're not interested?
My friend [25m] posts "bad opinions" but never shares them in person
TL;DR, I [F26] can't seem to get along with my fiance's brother [M23], and it's been almost a decade.
How can I cope with my toxic sister?
I can’t tell if my best friend (F14) likes me (F14), or of she’s just a really close friend.
the girl im talking to is slowly starting to not respond and talk as much.
How should I (19f) stop my friend (18m) from being flirty when I have a bf (20m)
Should I stop texting her?
I [F26] can't seem to get along with my fiance's brother [M23], and it's been almost a decade
I (M19) am falling for my best friend/adoptive brother (M19)
How do you deal with disappointments in friends?
How do you open up your heart after a breakup?
I (19f) don't know to get the message across to my friend (18m) I have a bf (20m)
Have you ever stayed together with someone that cheated on you? How did it go after?
How do you deal with disappointments in friends?
Not sure if girlfriend [23F] of 3 months is asking too much, or of I'm [24M] just not in a place to give what she needs.
How to open up my heart again
How do I (30F) Fight for my ex bf (25M)?
How do I (F30) Fight for my ex bf (25M) ?
How do I fight for someone?
Help on Helping someone
[30M] with [29F], we're both respecting quarantine differently and now I might have to not see her for a while
My parents threw out all of my belongings while I was travelling. What do I do?
I (28) walked away from a 10year relationship two years ago, stumbled upon his profile today and have seen the upset I caused and feel so bad right now.
Girlfriend wants a break during quarantine, is it over?
I [M,25] hurt my best friend's [F,25] feelings and jeopardize our friendship.
I [M,25] hurt my best friend's feelings [F,25] and jeopardized our friendship
My parents threw out all of my belongings while I was travelling, what do I do?
I (28) walked away from a 10year relationship because I felt unloved. Came across his profile today 2years on to realise how much I did actually mean. What the hell have i done?!
My parents threw out all of my belongings while I was travelling
How do I (23/NB) open a conversation with my partner (29/M) about possible relationship boundary violations I discovered while snooping?
my (30nb) antivaxxer mother (60f) is spreading covid-19 disinformation.
Confused at the ghost
I [27 M] am imploding and am afraid I’m being my wife [26 F] down with me
I don’t know what is wrong with me [27 M] but I’m afraid I’m dragging my wife [26 F] down with me
Girlfriend wants a break during coronavirus quarantine - is it over?
I (22F) cannot cope in a healthy manner when it comes to my boyfriend (30M).
My [22M] best friend [22 MTF] I grew up with transitioned to female and I don't know how to handle it
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) says he can’t be friends with my friends/coworkers/roommate because of a hook up I had. I don’t know how to handle this situation.
Is there such thing as being “too nice”?
Is it a bad idea to ask a girl, whom I have previously been friends with, to hangout during quarantine?
I (26F) had a non-consensual hook up and my boyfriend (27M) is more upset than I am. I don’t know how to handle it.
Quarantine is ruining my relationship, please any advice? Me F[18] he M[19] we be 4 years together on Wednesday.
I (26F) think I was raped and my boyfriend (27M) is more upset than I am. I don’t know how to handle it.
I can’t tell if my best friend likes me or if just really close.
My (16f) sister (28f) is marrying a guy who is a total player and I don't feel comfortable being in her wedding. How do I tell my parents I don't want to go?
WTF is wrong with my (21) brother (23) and should my Dad (54) kick him and his GF (21) out of the house?
How do I (29F) build a relationship with my sister (18f)?
Relationship on the rocks and I don't know what to do.
Quarantine is ruining my relationship
UPDATE: I (57F) feel zero enthusiasm about seeing my BF (58M) now
I don't think I'll ever find a girlfriend and I just need to rant about it for a bit here sorry (also some mental stuff because I had a small breakdown)
I (38/M) overheard my wife (38/F) on the phone urging one of our friends (40/M) not to tell me some sort of secret and I'm pretty sure it's that she has been cheating on me.
After 2 years I finally called the cops on my abusive boyfriend
I held up my end, so why is he lagging?
My boyfriend still has ties with his ex
I (22M) keep attracting girls with various forms of mental issues
FWB: Is that all this is? Translate my friend's actions.
Is age 19(F) & 21(M) proper to make declarations about distant future?
My boyfriend still has ties with his ex
My boyfriend (22M) and I (22F) are going through a rough patch..
My GF (27 F) wants me (24 M) to eat her ass, but the city where we live just sent a PSA not to eat any ass during the Covid-19
How do I (27F) know if I'm still in love with my partner (28F)?
My boyfriend (22M) and I (22F) are going through a rough patch...
Getting Over an On-Again Off-Again Relationship [22M/22F]
Is it weird for me (f34) to ask bf (m32) to make old FB profile photos with ex "only me"
Girlfriend (23) thinks she is to old for 19 year old boyfriend (me)
How do I(25f) tell my parents I won't be graduating college next year?
I (24F) feel very insecure every time my bf (28M) doesn't answer
How do I(25f) tell my parents I won't be graduating college next year?
My (27F) boyfriend (33M) told me he was uncomfortable about how often I text male classmates in my graduate program.
My (28f) boyfriend (31m) can't keep his hands out of his pants
How do I (27F) know if I'm still in love with my partner (27F)?
I secretly imported sex tapes from my bf’s GoPro onto my laptop
(m27) Unhappily married to (f27) but don't know when is the best timing to start escalating things, given everything that's happening right now (5yrelationship)
I'm divorced now, and I feel like I failed the marriage by being unable to effectively communicate my concerns. I'm looking for help in finding different approaches than whatever I did that was wrong. Alternatives that don't create resentment or hostility.
Boyfriend [24M] and I [22F] have hit a rough spot due to my own selfishness and I don't know how to fix it
My parents[50F & 49M] live in the same house, but don't talk to each other due to a fight week and half ago
How do you handle being in a relationship you know won't last?
My [19 M] girlfriend [19 F] of 3 months has depression and has been acting distant and sometimes rude.
My [25F] high school friend [25F] won't take no for an answer. Am I being a bad person/friend?
I, [23]M, need help finding a birthday gift for my [31] F Girlfriend. Long Distance Relationship.
I (18f) cheated on my boyfriend (25m) last night, and I have no idea what to do
I secretly imported sex tapes from my bf’s GoPro onto my laptop
Long Distance Relationship. 23[M], 31 [F]. Bday Gift Help?
My(28f) boyfriend(31m) can't keep his hands out of his pants
How do you handle being in a relationship you know won't last so long?
I have a situation-ship
Long Distance Relationship. 23[M], 31 [F]. Bday Gift Ideas
Girlfriends Bday- long distance & quarantine
Do you think my sister is pathetic for this?
I have a situation-ship
Update: how to tell my parents I’m moving away
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants
What are some fun games me (25F) and my friend (25F) can play while being isolated/apart?
What to do about a family member who just doesn’t like you (me/my twin, 20sF/M)
The One That Got Away
Is this not a complaint?
[25Fs] high school friend won’t take no for an answer
Misogynistic guy (35+m) may get hired at my job (18f) and Idk what to do
Bf didn’t like joke
Do you think that my ex will take me back after I told him I didn’t want to hang out
Hygiene problems, need advice
How do I (23M) finally get over my pre-teen crush?
I secretly imported sex tapes from my bf’s GoPro onto my laptop
I'm still angry about catching my BF trying to secretly make travel plans with an old FWB. How do I move forward?
how to let an ex go?
I (23M) just don’t know how to help her (21f) with her depression, obsession, and dependance.
how to let go of my ex?
I took control of my bf in bed and the way that he looked at me drove me crazy.
I took control of my bf in bed and the way that he looked at me drove me crazy.
I(F;18) am feeling emotionally attached to my boyfriend(M;18) and It's that bad.
I rode my bf and the way he looked at me drove me crazy
LDR + virtual dating without f2f meet up at all
Psychological Abuse
Is it normal to second guess everything, despite being generally happy?
Would you (straight female) still be attracted to a man you saw utterly humiliated? Could anything be done to fix it?
I (21M) have the choice of destroying my family, or leaving them for good.
How can I (M19) overcome my ROCD with my girlfriend (F22) that I love?
I (F;18) feel that I'm emotionally attached to my boyfriend (M;18) and It's that bad
I (23F) would like to tell my parents I smoke but I don’t know how to
I [26F] am dating my ex [27M] but my friend/former crush [27M] just became single?
Is it normal to second guess things, despite being generally happy?
i really wanna help my girlfriend with her insecurity and her “relationship” issues, but anything i do seems to make it worse, what can i do to help?
I [18M] will be moving away to university next year while my long distance [17F] girlfriend will be a senior. We are both devastated.
During corona virus
do couples get tired of eachother with time?
How to not be hurt that he watches porn?
During Coronavirus
I'm emotionally attached to my boyfriend and It's that bad
How to set healthy boundaries with Ex. We have daughter together.
My girlfriend [20, F] seems to be really insecure and I think is treating me [20, M] badly because of it. Am I the asshole?
Can someone tell me who asked...
My (18f) parents are always comparing me to their friends kids, in some weird competition. I hate it.
Can someone tell me who asked...
My (18f) boyfriend (21m) of four years told me he doesn't feel loved
My (18f) parents are always comparing me to their friends kids, in some weird competition. I got angry about it, and now things are very strained.
Feeling stuck - [M,22] starting to feel undeserving of my gf [F,22] of 4 years
I'm emotionally attached to my boyfriend and yes it's that bad...
Wife (21) is having hard time getting over what I (M34) did
Me [33; F] lost a handle on casual flirting with this guy [39; M]
B
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) and I keep ignoring the same argument
I hate my boyfriends girl best mate
Im bored with my gf and want to break up
How to set boundaries with ex in healthy way
I (21M) Feel like a complete loser and less of a man considering that ive never had a girlfriend. Ive never even hugged a woman before lol
If you’re in a committed relationship, and you’re still talking to “the one that got away”, you’re cheating on your partner
Relationship insecurity.
My [27M] wife [25] thinks I'm hiding something because I won't give her the password to memos on my phone about my patients
I’m a virgin (31/f) and my ex (30/m) gave me HPV genital warts. I'm devastated.
My boyfriend (21m) keep track of my (24f) period and refers to it as “our period”
my (22F) best friend (22F) is being abused and i need to help her make a plan
I am confused... asking for opinions.
What should I do following an argument with my mum where i said some hurtful things
How do I [20/F] help my autistic cousin [22/F] who's being bullied?
I’ve met someone and I’ve never been so happy
How do I [20/F] help my autistic cousin [22/F] who's being bullied?
I’m honestly just trying to get this off my chest
I (25M) am in an unhealthy relationship.
As an Aromantic Asexual where do I go with this?
Should I tell my SO I was molested?
My First Romantic Relationship- Am I Overreacting?
Should I get a girlfriend?
Tension between me [29F] and husband [32M] of three years over a tattoo.
Severe relationship issues (please help)
I (M21) feel like a loser and less of a man considering that ive never had girlfriend. Ive never even hugged a woman before lol
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) has mental issues that are getting worse
Tension between me [29F] and husband [32M] of three years (together for five) over a tattoo.
My [35F] boyfriend's [37M] dog just died. His ex [32F], who he has a complicated history with, sent him a framed photo of the dog. Am I insensitive for asking him not to hang it?
Me [42F)] with my boyfriend [46 M] 2 yrs, He said older men can be attractive but older women never can be. Huge fight.
Do you think that my ex will take me back after I told him I didn’t want to hang out
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) has had mental issues all her life and they're getting worse
Is it worth it to try to work things out with my boyfriend, who is jealous of my stepbrother?
I (25 M) am in an unhealthy relationship.
do couples get tired of eachother with time?
Do you think that my ex will take me back after I told him I didn’t want to hang out
My Girlfriend Does Not Believe Me
I [25M] might have to take legal action against my mother.
Would you resist in a sexless relationship, just because the girl states blankly that she "is not ready" and blames you if you bring up any sexual discussion?
Do men get baby fever?
My dad whipped me with a cable and this has happened before
My BF (M19) tries to have 30 seconds of sleep sex with me (F20) but tonight he slapped me and says he hates me (in his sleep!!!) wtf
My GFs mad at me for setting her hair on fire as a prank and than refusing to pay for her treatment. What should I do?
Girlfriend Doesn't Feel Like I Believe Her
I (26F) am feeling conflicted about the living situation with my boyfriend (29M) and am not sure how to move forward.
My GFs mad at me for setting her hair on fire as a prank and than refusing to pay for her treatment
Very complicated relationship, please help
My boyfriend of four years told me he doesn't feel loved
Should I apologise?
He (19M) said didn't want a relationship right away in the past, so we stayed friends, but recently we got carried away for the first time. It feels like life is giving me a second chance and I (19F) don't want to mess it up.
I(32F) found out he(33m) DMs random women on reddit perverted messages. Did I handle this right?
Are my boyfriend (24M) and I (23F) fundamentally incompatible?
Had a dream about my first girlfriend from a decade ago and I can’t seem to get her out of my mind. Super long.
Would it be weird if I [28F] got my coworker [20sM] a gift card or something?
Boyfriend [28M] with Coronavirus won’t go back to his house
im confused- unsure if im in love with same gender best friend- NEED HELP
My dad whipped me with a cable and this has happened before
How do I shave my head without my mom getting too upset?
Did I (32F) handle finding out he (33M) DMs random women perverted messages right?
Thoughts on bf/gf liking opposite sex pictures
Any dudes to video chat with?
I (f25) feel like I'm becoming a toxic partner
Thoughts on bf/gf liking opposite sex pictures
life is rough and depression is tough. how has your day been?
To you, which is worse: heartbreak or physical pain?
I am feeling disconnected from my wedding because of my bridal party
My bf goes radio silent for days on end when he’s upset with me
I feel like I'm becoming a toxic partner
How do I shave my head without my mom getting mad?
I really don't like myself after doing this.
UPDATE: He [28M] says he doesnt ever have time for me [23F] and wont define us. Should I leave?
What is the best way to communicate to my paternal side of my family that my Dad’s wife is not invited to my wedding?
How to help my friend to restore his faith in finding love ?
I can't stop pulling away from people
Roommate Troubles
What should I do with my CHEAP long distance boyfriend
I can't stop pulling away from people
My (25 F) 7yr relationship with (25M) makes me happy my gut feels tell me something’s wrong
Am I overreacting for being upset that my friend started dating an ex friend of mine after saying that it would make me uncomfortable?
UPDATE: He [28M] says he doesnt ever have time for me [23F] and wont define us. Should I leave?
[F, 27] Dwindling emotional connection with BF [M, 27]
M23 Why do women - unlike straght and gay men - go after only the top ~15% of men on dating apps? What can I do overcome this issue? D
My (24 F) 7yr relationship with (25M) makes me happy but my gut feels tell me something’s wrong
Me [26 M]with my girlfreind [24M/F/N] 5 months, I think she has feelings for another guy or am I being paranoid
My (21f) sister(17f) left after the fight with parents and wont return any calls
M23 Why do women - unlike straght and gay men - go after only the top ~15% of men on dating apps? What can I do overcome this issue?
Should I keep dating my long distance CHEAP boyfriend
My(21 F)sister(17) left after fight with parents and wont return texts or calls.
Is there a better way to handle a high sex drive?
This girl (22F) I’m (21F) dating has an avoidant attachment style and I need some advice.
My dream proposal would take place two weeks after my bf's sister's wedding… too soon?
My ex-girlfriend (19) and I (23) broke up two months ago and we've started talking again about what a possible relationship could look like but do I give it a chance?
I (23F) slept with my roommate (24M) while we are living with my ex (26M) across the hall
Goodbye and Greeting protocol for child and parent
Should I apologise?
I am a freak. I feel like I've done something majorly wrong. Wow.
Abortion turns into tinder scandal
Should I apologise?
Found my boyfriend on tinder after abortion
I’m the only one checking on my friends during isolation, I’m single and live alone and no one has check on how I’m doing.
My boyfriend (M27) has been distant lately and wants to take it "day by day", I (F20) don't know how to handle it
Dreamt My Boyfriend was cheating on me through Snapchat
Child goodbye and hello behaviour towards parents
My mom uses me [19F] as her therapist
[Serious] How do you show support to your loved ones?
having trouble forgetting F (18) M (20)
My (24F) boyfriend (29M) of two years is abusive. I love him and he might love me. I don't know how to let go.
I’m the only one contacting friends to check on them during isolation, I live alone and none have asked how I’m doing.
having trouble forgetting F (18) M (20)
My (24F) boyfriend (29M) is abusive. He might love me, I definitely love him, but I have to let go. Please tell me this is okay.
I just want to know why this is hard to acknowledge
My "Friend" Began Harassing Me Over My Sexual Encounter: But Why?
My [33F] boyfriend [36M] just admitted he's still in love with his ex but doesn't want us to break up. Am I an idiot for staying with him?
I just want to know why this is hard to acknowledge
I (26 f) want a relationship with my 18 year old sister, but she doesn't seem interested
My (22M) Dad (56M) is contacting me after being a general mess and leaving for the other side of the world, I feel cold for not replying.
Is there a better way a high sex drive?
Is there a better way to handle this?
My "friend" Began Abusing Me Over My Sexual Experience
I do not care about my moms new family or baby. Is there something wrong with me
I do not care about my mothers new family. I think there is something wrong with me.
My boyfriend wants me to stop posting my pictures
How do I deal with my girlfriends anger?
My feelings for my bf are fading and I don't know what to do.
Boyfriend has some mental health issues which caused a total loss of sex drive. How can I help us both?
Should I stop contacting my friends? Advice needed please!
Splitting assets after breakup - paid price or current value?
Should I stop contacting my friends? Advice needed please!
I 25M am thinking about ratting out 25F ex girlfriend for cheating on her new boyfriend 25m with me
Is there such thing as too old for "situationships" ?
Girlfriend has anger issues and I dont know how to deal with it.
welcome new friends
I [29F] am not sure whether I'm being abused or being the abuser to my [37M] partner
Not sure if I [29F] is the abuser or being abused by my [37M] partner.
Should I (26 M) tell my gf (24 F) about my potential depression
should I (26 M) tell my GF (24 F) of 5 years about my mental health
UPDATE: My [25f] boyfriend [26m] is hiding something... what should I do?
Bf being selfish
Am I being too sensitive or expecting too much?
Please Help Raise Awareness for Mental Health Impacts of COVID-19 by signing the petition below ❤️
Am I being unreasonable?
Would it be bad if I reminded my bf I want him to propose right after his sister's wedding?
Am I being unreasonable?
My GF (21F) dumped me (24M) to find herself, and to find out who is as a single person
Letting wife influence you
I (24M) was dumped so that she (21F) could find herself. I cannot shake the hope of her coming back
Allowing wife to influence you
My (19F) insecurities / trust issues are slowly killing my relationship with my boyfriend (22M).
Allowing your wife to influence you
I (22M) want to break up with my Girlfriend (20F) I'm just not sure how?
I’ve been in love with my best friend for years and it hasn’t gone away.
I (21M) can’t help my depressed girlfriend (18F)
Am I being too sensitive?
It’s very hard for me (21M) to help my depressed girlfriend (18F)
My MIL hates me, my partner thinks it's fine.
The way one of my (27M) friend (23F) acts with men (me included) makes me wonder if I should put a term to our friendship.
My boyfriend was potentially sexually abused by his cousin
Is my family the way it is because i’m being an ungrateful brat?
My(22f) grandmother believes I should of reported my lecturer and heavily disapproves off my choice
He propose, but sometimes I feel like he is treating me with velvet gloves.
Game and relationships
How do I [23M] convince her[24f] to give me another chance
I (35M) resent my wife [35F] for not being able to contribute to our relationship due to being sick, am I being selfish?
Three Year Old Breakup Coming Back
How do I (23F) tell my late fiance's (28M) family that I can't continue communicating with them because they remind me so much of my late fiance?
My (21F) bf (24M) just told me he’s not sure if he’s still happy with me.
How do I Approach my Neighbor?
I [35 M] resent my wife [35 F] for always being sick/tired and for having no ambition.
Whenever I (F/20) try to educate and inform my boyfriend (M/21) about my bipolar disorder, he tries to convince me I don’t have it.
I [26F] sexted with my FWB [27M] after a long fight. Now he is trying to avoid me
Am I (23F) wrong for not wanting to talk to my late fiance's (28M) family?
[32F] need advice, want to get back to my ex [34M].
How do I (21F) stop feeling like a dumbass in front of my older, experienced fiancé (35M)
Friend for five years asked to become friends with benefits with me after an argument, what should I do?tl
I'm [32F] need advice how to deal with broken heart, still in love but can't be with him [34M]
break up
My (23F) Boyfriend (32M) is a workaholic and I’m tempted to cheat?
I (19/F) feel like I’m not smart enough for my boyfriend (18/M)
Wife (27f) wants me to be more considerate/perceptive, I (31m) want her to be more direct/vocal
Tokophobia is ruining my relationship
I [24n] don't know how to break up with a Friend [20m] that I'm not sure I'm actually dating.
(21,M) Dealing with an insensitive gf (20,F)
I (24F) feel like I am a bad girlfriend
Problem (21,M) dealing with an insensitive gf (20,F)
wife (27f) wants me to be more perceptive, I (31m) want her to be more vocal
Tokophobia is ruining my relationship
Tokophobia is ruining my relationship
How to get over a first love? I still think about him and it’s almost been a year :(
Tokophobia is ruining my relationship
How to get over a first love? I still think about him and it’s almost been a year :(
I want to end a friendship
Sexual desire at the start of a relationship
I (F22) found some weird things on my bf(M22). What should I do?
How do I approach a topic without an argument starting?
Confused about my BF(22) & things I know
I'm a Highschool Senior Guy with an Amazing Girlfriend Who Is Also a Senior; How Can I Keep My Intrusive Thoughts From Getting in the Way of My Relationship?
My brother’s computer addiction is getting unbearable because of quarantine
What would you do if your son (30m) confessed he had a baby (6mo) he’s never met because he never wanted children?
My brother’s computer addiction is getting unbearable because of quarantine
I (f20) slept with my ex bf (m25) who cheated on me before I went into quarantine
My [18M] new girlfriend [17F] is going to my formal with another guy
My [18M] girlfriend [17F] is going to formal with another guy
Dry Spell- Any Advice Appreciated
I (31F) get jealous everytime my boyfriend (29M) mentions his exes and overthinks everytime we argue/ fight
a “no strings attached” relationship is impossible.
Best friend, my girlfriend, and I
I'm sick of it and I don't know what to do [21 m] and [29 M]
My (20F) boyfriend (19M) whom I live with doesn’t trust me with his belongings and has been unfaithful in the past
Boyfriend’s awful dog severely impacts my life
My fiancee [25f] and I [29m] have noticed over the past few years that our friends don't respect our living space. People come over to our home, make messes, scream, bang on the walls, and in general act like jackasses, and it's not limited to one group of friends. How can we resolve this?
My feelings for my bf are fading and I don't know what I should do.
I [18f] feel like my boyfriend [18m] and I are just best friends
Me [F28] and husband [M31] have vastly different sleep needs since lockdown and its causing tension
Parents (66 M, F) imposing call schedules and I (38F) am not sure if I am being fair and how to react
Boyfriend’s dog is sick and I can’t take living with it anymore
Relationship between boyfriend (27m) and me (23m) going well, but what about babies?
My fiancee [25f] and I [29m] have noticed over the past few years that our friends don't respect our living space. People come over to our home, make messes, scream, bang on the walls, and in general act like jackasses, and it's not limited to one group of friends. How can we resolve this?
dealing with a problematic friendship
Thoughts on me [26F] becoming bene-friends with my roommate [29M]
Thoughts on me [26F] becoming bene-friends with my roommate [29M]
Partner’s friend flirting or no?
Did he [M/21] just want to sleep with me [F/21]?
Thoughts on becoming bene-friends with my roommate
Thoughts on becoming bene-friends with my roommate during COVID
What is going on with my [22M] ex [21F]?
Quarantined with a couple, it gets a bit weird sometimes. Am I imagining things?
My (22 F) parents (42 F, 44 M) are making my entire life a living hell after the death of my fiancée (23 F).
COVID, engaged, not enough sex?
My (22 F) parents (42 F, 44 M) are making my entire life a living hell after the death of my fiancée.
My (19m) boyfriend (22m) has a gigantic namekian horse cock, make that pussy quake automatic 3000, and doesn’t wanna have sex.
My (19m) boyfriend (22m) has a gigantic namekian horse cock, make that pussy quake automatic 3000, and doesn’t wanna have sex.
My (19m) boyfriend (22m) has a gigantic namekian horse cock, make that pussy quake automatic 3000, and doesn’t wanna have sex.
My (19F) boyfriend (19M) is friends with someone that openly has no respect for me, am I unfair for wanting him to cut him off?
PLEASE HELP ME: Is she (f23) pretending to like me (m28)???
Girlfriend (f20) moves to LA and broke up with me (m20) after 6 year relationship? What do it do?
My (19F) boyfriend (19M) is friends with someone that openly has no respect for me, am I unfair for wanting him to cut him off?
Two friends [26M] & [26F] are living together. My guy friend wants to move in with his new GF but won't tell his current roommate/our friend. Should I tell him he needs to suck it up and have that convo or stay out of it and let them figure it out?
Depression and relationships in your 30s
Indian girlfriend (18) hiding me (18) from her family?
Indian girlriend (18) hiding me (18)from her family?
Depression and break ups in your 30s
My relathionship with my family is nonexistent
My relationship with my family is mostly dead
I (20f) wanted my ex for three years and now that I have him, I lost feelings??
I am just trying to be a good person. What is the problem here?
I have given up on people because of this!
I [22 M] want to know how was I wrong in this situation
I am just trying to be a good person. What is the problem here?
My boyfriend [20] slowly became addicted to opioids
I was just trying to be a good person. What is the problem here?
I slept next to a gun by my bed without knowing for months.
My boyfriend [20] slowly became addicted to opioids
I am just trying to be a good person. What is the problem here?
How can I 'keep it sweet' with a long distance relationship during the Corona Virus pandemic?
Just found out the girl I've been seeing for over a year was secretly married.
Are my boyfriend (21M) and a I (18F) just too different?
Fear the Rear
Where do we go from here?
Fear the rear
Are my boyfriend (18F) and I (21M) too different?
how can i break up with them
Where do we go from here
He said I love you
Where do I go from here? 25m
Should we take a break from my(F19) relationship with my boyfriend(M22) or what?
I NEED ADVICE BADLY PLEASE: Is she (f23) even remotely interested in me (m28)????
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] is severely depressed, I said something that made her mad and she hasn’t talked to me in 2 days
Boyfriend broke up with me and I want to fix this. Ut he said hes done
My gf (21F)passed away and now I'm(22M)Single father,how do I let it not affect my parenting?
My girlfriend can not tolerate other religions
Need Advice
I don't know where to go from here
My gf (21F)passed away and now I'm(22M)Single father,how do I let it not affect my parenting?
I (M15) don’t know how to build my girlfriend’s(F15) trust, she has bad PTSD and we’ve been seriously dating for a month
How do I make this better?
My husband (28M) spends most of his free time after work gaming (28F). I’m lonely.
My (F23) BF's (M24) roommate hates me and is threatening to make me pay rent the next time I visit him
Quarantine made my (19f) sex life with my girlfriend (19f) spiral into a bit of a rut, any advice?
Is my best friend [18F] toxic or am I [18F] the issue for not communicating?
My (F23) BF's (M34) roommate hates me and is threatening to make me start paying rent when I stay over.
Do you think that my ex will take me back after I told him I didn’t want to see him
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants
My (21F) relationship with my bf is extremely codependent and unhealthy (24M). Is it salvageable?
I (21M) caught feelings for my roommate (21F), and I'm a bit suspicious about something
Are my feelings justified?
Wwet4
My (35) husband (36) is jealous and I'm overwhelmed.
I don’t know how to build my girlfriends trust up, she has ptsd and I don’t know how to handle it and now i think she hates me
How do I deal with my mom disapproving of my haircut?
Are my feelings justified?
She has no more interest in me and I am unable to stop thinking about her
My girlfriend kinda catfished me
She has no more interest on me and I am unable to stop thinking about her
She has no more interest in me and I am unable to stop thinking about her
I don’t know how to build trust with my girlfriend and now I think she hates me
I Caught My (F/21) Boyfriend (M/23) Cheating On Me, Where Do I Go From Here?
Letting my ex stay with me during quarantine
I (20F) share room with my sisters (15F) (18F). I want to move but my mom don´t allow me to leave the house. What should I do?
My (35) husband (36) is too jealous and it's becoming overwhelming
I need help dealing with my boyfriend’s sex addiction.
I [26F] am becoming insecure and jealous over my boyfriend's [29M] social media habits.
How to set boundaries with my best friend who I have feelings for?
Me [22M] having severe difficulty processing Ex girlfriends [22F]'s new relationship
I (20F) share room with my younger sisters (15F) (18F) I'm fed up. I NEED PRIVACY. My mom don´t allow me to leave the house and move. What should I do?
I need help dealing with my boyfriend’a sex addiction.
I've (24f) never had a reason not to trust my boyfriend (21m). But I got an email notification that he sent $50 to some chick on cashapp but he swears nudes do nothing for him, never paid for any etc. I'm just feeling paranoid now 😭
I don’t know what to do about my Alcoholic Mother
I keep feeling like someone I hold close to my heart keeps betraying me
Girlfriend hiding me from family and friends
I (25F) am terrified when it comes to starting something new with a guy because I just know they will end up leaving.
Wanna break up after 4 years...
Do you think I still have a chance with this girl? She had a crush on me, I rejected her, but now I really like her.
Feeling really uncomfortable over boyfriends friends posts
I met my reddit spoude today
I [33 M] and have begun to see a [23 F] a woman. Friends have accused me of being "predatory"
Break up after 4 years...idk if I’m in the wrong
Which characteristic is more important to you in a relationship: 1) stable, but not as fun 2) fun, but not as stable
Do you think that my ex will take me back after I told him I didn’t want to see him
Friend messed up his marriage, he won’t leave me alone, help?
My (24F) friend (26M) insulted my cat and now I hate him. Am I being too harsh and petty?
Do you think I still have a chance with this girl? She had a crush on me, I rejected her, but now I really like her.
Do you think I still have a chance with this girl? She had a crush on me, I rejected her, but now I really like her.
Gf(21) has done a lot, I(21m) have done a lot too, but I wanna work through it
I had a Crush on him all this time and he doesn't know
While I was spending my time feeling sad that I was not accomplished like his ex-wife ; he was buying a ring for me!!
I still have a crush on him and he has no idea.
Weird dream about my (f19) friend (m29) after we had a fight.
m/29 How to recover from a toxic realationship?
While I was spending my time feeling sad that I was not accomplished like his ex-wife ; he was buying a ring for me!
I (21F) preferred my uncle (51M) as a drunk. Now that he's sober; he's tearing apart two families, perpetuating the cycle of abuse.
I (23M) might be getting ghosted by my quarantine boyfriend (25M)
Video games are ruining my relationship
My [17F] boyfriend [17M] broke up with me because of my headgear
[1.5 year] update on [43m] uncle having my [22m] dead father’s possessions.
Is it wrong to expect more?
I (23M) might be getting ghosted by my quarantine boyfriend (25M)
My [17F] boyfriend broke up with me because of my headgear
Is it wrong that I expect more now?
I(23) f was dumped by my ex (25) m. His reason didn't make sense but he seemed like he was trying to convince me of something he wasn't sure about doing. I had a feeling that it was due to him being interested in someone else & did not want to end up cheating
Should it still bother me? My husband has been open about his past sexual experiences with other girls because he wanted to come clean and these things still makes me cry. What should I do?
Young couple seeking third 🥰(Female)
Get your passports fellas
Get your passports fellas!
Video games are ruining my relationship.
[1.5 year update] of my [44m] uncle telling me [22m] he had positions of my dead father FT. My aunt.
Am I (20f) crazy or is my boyfriend (22m) deceiving me?
I(25) was dumped by my ex (25). His reason didn't make sense but he seemed like he was trying to convince me of something he wasn't sure about doing.
Would you date the love of your life if they changed genders?
How do I (24/f) get this guy (28/m) alone and tell him that I'm having his baby?
Today is my first anniversary with my boyfriend, who I have yet to kiss
Today is my first anniversary with my boyfriend, who I have yet to kiss
Is it a bad Idea to ask a girl whom I have previously friends with to hangout during Quarentine?
Immune System Compromised GF (27F) Wants to go back to Work. Despite my and Everyone Else's Objections because she's "bored". And I (25M) can't Accept her Decision
I told my girlfriend a sweet little lie
Okay to end friendship based on how she treats others?
What advice can I [22M] give her [21F]
flakey guy?
I [18M] feel genuinely cared for [18F] for the first time
I told my girlfriend a sweet little lie
I [18M] feel genuinely cared for [18F] the first time
When he gets stressed, my (35f) husband (38m) frequently is briefly rude/disrespectful to me. How many times do I let it go???
flakey guy?
My (27M) boyfriend is judging me (24F) for past experiences.
My little brother is Gay and is doing weird stuff
My little brother is Gay and is doing weird stuff
I think I [28 m] might be trans, married to [27 f]
My mom made a potentially embarrassing mixup...do I tell her?
He finally told me why he's acting strange. Now what? Am I a rebound? Lol
Is it bad that I (20F) have a crush on another person although I’m in a committed relationship?
My bf gets mad at me anytime I’m upset I’m a (21F) dating a (21M) for 2 years
My girlfriend broke up with me because she wants to be single, but said she still loves me
I (24f) am finally walking away
Hearing "I have milky white discharge" is a great thing
I can't lie I gave my Nephew a warm blowjob. I kinda lost it today, being cooped up in house. I kinda gave him head on the toilet. True story, uhhhh, it felt good can't lie. He taste good. Lol, he 18, I hope he come back. I felt evil doing it feel good.
I need some help, or I put please
My (19F) boyfriend (18M) won’t spend the night with me any more
Am I (27F) overreacting in my relationship?
Scared of sex and relationships? M[20]
Would you have another person send you pictures of themselves when you're in a commited relationship?
How Do I (F22) Tell My Mom I Don’t Like Turtles (The Chocolate)
I’m worried my bf if 2 years doesn’t love me
My [23m] mom[58f] wants to buy me a house, I want to say no. Thoughts?
I don't understand
Should I tell my dad that my mom is being unfair to me and my sister
My (19F) boyfriend (18M) won’t spend the night with me any more
My [23m] mom[58] wants to buy me a house, I want to say no. Thoughts?
My (19F) boyfriend (19M) won’t spend the night with me anymore
Hurtful Words
I (23f) have a bf (28m) and I don't want to set up my friend (23f) with my sorta ex (24m)
Advice on how to help a depressed ex
How do I (f20) improve my arguments with my bf (m26)?
I (23f) have a boyfriend (28m) and I don't want to set up my friend (23f) with an ex (24m), is this a red flag
Advice on how to help a depressed Ex?
My GF (21F) told me (20M) she's in love with me but I'm still in love with my best friend (21M)
My (40M) wifes (39F) mom (66F) and uncle (70M) died recently. She is acting like everything is normal, she seems to barely be grieving at all, and it's driving me nuts.
Breakup or work through this
Girlfriend likes all her (not previous) exes photos on Instagram, but never mine.
I have no real friends anymore and I do not understand why, I would like some advice.
Girl I've been talking to (17F) ghosting me (17M) for seemingly no reason.
Boyfriend not taking COVID-19 as seriously as I’d like
(20m) Rough patch with my girlfriend (20f)
My [21F] roommate [23f] snores really loudly and I’m at the end of my rope
My boyfriend makes fun of my condition and I’m quite frankly over it.
Breakup or work through this
How do I (23F) get over my trust issues?
My boyfriend (20M) makes fun of me (19F) for what I call my parents
Husband lost his wedding ring
Immune System Compromised GF (27F) Wants to go back to Work. Despite my and Everyone Else's Objections because she's "bored". And I (25M) can't Accept her Decision
Boyfriend not taking COVID-19 as seriously as I am
Friend (30M) came out of the closet
Advice while in quarantine.
(20m) Rough patch with my girlfriend (20f)
When do you break up with someone?
I (M18) feel weird with the fact that I haven't been with a girl in my life.
My boyfriend [20M] keeps breaking quarantine to hangout with his friends. It pisses me [19F] off
I (25m) have feelings for a girl(20f) I met online
My boyfriend (20M) makes fun of me (19F) for what I call my parents
My ex gf started dating a new guy, a week after our break up. Is this normal ?
How to tell when it’s time to break up?
I [26F] worry about mental illness running in my boyfriend's [28M] family and not sure how to handle?
Friend (30M) came out of the closet
Am I overreacting? Would you be annoyed and mad too?
FWB wants to move in together?
Gay. Want Boyfriend. Am Lonley.
I (M18) feel weird with the fact that I haven't been with a girl in my life.
Gay. Lonely. Want Boyfriend.
Am I expecting too much?
I'm lonely, GGGAAAYYY, and want a boyfriend. How?
My boyfriend (M27) has severe permanent nerve damage in his dominant hand and is losing function in it. How can I(F23) help him?
Never again
The world is in a state of chaos. But my (47M) marriage with my wife (36F)...might have been fixed by the quarantine.
I [19F] ask My [20M] boyfriend to stop breaking quarantine and leaving to hangout with his friends. He doesn’t care. Am I allowed to get pissed?
Friend came out of the closet
My(25F) boyfriend’s(23M) friendship group hates me because his Ex(21F)is in it. Will this affect our relationship?
Is this cheating? My [24F] boyfriend [25M] is sending nudes to couples.
My [40F] student [20M] student is not allowed to speak at home?
How to avoid putting off an “I wish you hadn’t disturbed me” vibe when my girlfriend asks me something through my headphones?
I (m34) have been attracted to other women lately, and I love my wife (f35) but I feel crushingly guilty over this.
My Mom and Dad are miserable in their marriage. I don’t even live with them and I’m caught in the middle.
My boyfriend (M/27) disrespected and ignored my (F/27) feelings just because of his 10min unimportant phone call. What should I do?
My Mom and Dad are going through hard times. I don’t live at home, yet I’m caught in the middle of it all.
A girl [27] that I like told me [28] that she loves me.
How to turn off a strong “I wish you hadn’t disturbed me” vibe when my(26m) girlfriend (26f) talks to me while I’ve got headphones in?
What a life
I (m34) have been attracted to other women lately, and I love my wife (f35) but I feel crushingly guilty over this
I (28F) think I'm about to break up with my bf (30M) of almost 6 years...
Just found out my girlfriend of 6 months is pregnant, not sure if I want to keep it.
AITA for wanting to play jock jams during sex?
Guy I’m dating (23M) is not very affectionate
Should I still be best friends with her?
How I(32M) logged in to my girlfriends(27F) snapchat without logging her out of it on her phone?
My(25F) boyfriend’s(23M) friends all hate me, will this affect our relationship?
[20F] [21M] Am I asking too much of my friend to quit his band because his bandmate is his close friend who tried to threaten me with my old nude photos since I didn't want to hook up with him?
My(25F) boyfriend’s friends all hate me will this affect our relationship?
how do i (21F) know if my relationship with my boyfriend (25M) is over?
My (28M) ex girlfriend (26F) insists I cheated on her, but I'm not sure if that's correct
AITA for playing jock jams during sex?
Declined FaceTime call from a guy I’ve been involved with for almost a year, due to being busy with a work meeting. He is now ignoring me— ghosted me, and giving me the silent treatment. Did I handle this wrong?
Should I try talking to a guy who kinda ghosted me?
Am I (18f) being too naive because I love my boyfriend (20m)?
My partner (24M) is swamped with work/grief and I (22F) am feeling frustrated and overwhelmed with my own issues. How can I take care of myself while also being there for him?
I declined a FaceTime call from guy I’ve been involved with for almost a year due to a work meeting, and he’s now ignoring me, ghosted me? What did I do wrong?
I think I'm about to break up with my boyfriend of 6 years...
My(25F) boyfriend’s(23M) friends all hate me, will this affect our relationship?
Am I (18f) being too naive because I love my boyfriend (20m)?
Is it possible for a guy to be inlove with his girlfriend yet carry on an emotional affair for pretty much the entire relationship??
FWB wants me to move in
Have you ever broken up with someone and you both went in completely different directions shortly after?
My [21F] mother is [60F] enabling my abusive older sister [37F], who is an addict
Would it be wrong to confess feelings to a straight friend?
Think my (35m) gf (30f) may still have been mourning ex when we met. 2 years have passed now so is this an issue?
Would it be wrong to confess to a friend that I know probably doesn't have feelings for me?
Boyfriend (27m) broke up with me (23f) during an argument?
Searching for the cause?
My (23F) feelings for an old ex/current friend (22M) may be starting to re-emerge; what do i do?
Me [25F] with my Boyfriend [25M] together almost 4 years, not sure what to do about moving away and differing views on where in the country we want to ultimately live
How to stop resentment ?
My Husband’s Friend
my boyfriend hasn’t replied to texts
I (21M) am having trouble connecting with my childhood crush (22F) and need advive
Does it sound like I am about to get fired?
We're out of topics to talk about, and I'm worried...
I'm (30F) thinking of asking my SO (27M) to move with me to my hometown due to an unplannes pregnancy. Should I?
Do men enjoy spontaneous hugs?
We always try to avoid red flags in a relationship, but what are some of your biggest GREEN flags? (17F)
Do men enjoy spontaneous hugs?
I(28/M) left her(29/F) speechless because she broke my heart
We always try to avoid red flags in a relationship, but what are some of your biggest GREEN flags? (17F)
I'm (30F) thinking of asking my SO (27M) to move with me to my hometown due to an unplanned pregnancy. Should I?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]
Should I (F19) Breakup with my boyfriend (M20)?
My mom (63F) has a pathological fear of me (33F) dating anyone older or who is willing to pay for anything. Made sense as a teen, but not in my 30s. I've met a total catch (38M) and she's actively trying to talk me out of it because she thinks he's trying to take advantage of me.
We always say look out for red flags in relationships, but what are some of your biggest green flags?
Me [21/F] with my bf[23/M] need more time at his parents house due to job and pandemic difficulties, but his mom [55F] is hard to approach about it
I(28/M) left her(29/F) speechless because she broke my heart
Advice on breakups in quarantine?
Taking a break due to Covid 19 and breakup
Advice on breakups in quarantine?
My [31M] girlfriend [29F] is a "cutesy cute" and it's creating a lot of conflict between us. How do we move forward?
Ghosters of reddit, how do you feel when your ghostee tries to contact you again?
My mother (63F) has a pathological fear of me (33F) dating men who are older than me or want to buy me stuff. Made sense as a teen, but she still insists on it, and is trying to get me to stop talking to a great guy (38M) because he's 5 years older and has a good job.
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) just told me he doesn’t know if he’s still happy with me.
GF(25F) with BPD texted a guy she dated before me (25M) because she was mad at me, what should I do?
gf (19f) wants me(20m) to stand up to physically, emotionally and verbally abusive father which caused alot of pressure on me and fighting. it brought up bad trauma
gf (19f) wants me to stand up to physically, verbally and emotionally abusive father and pressured me alot today, causing alot of fighting and bringing back trauma
Is my bf on dating apps
My gf of 9 months ghosted me.
Girl texting me nonstop
What’s normal for a new relationship? Am I asking too much too soon?
Mom F50 pretends I, F23 doesn’t Exist anymore. My entire family sides with her and her husband, and now I have absolutely nobody but my boyfriend.
Girl texts me nonstop
My (21F) boyfriend (28M) has been acting more aggressive since quarantine started and I don't know how to act with him
Girl texts me non stop
My (F/20) Bf (M/21) isn’t being very supportive after a manic episode I had.
Why Women Should Not Have Children Without Fathers
Do I have a problem(Older Teen, M), or is this just a normal preference for some people?
Just need advice on feeling okay after a painful breakup (24f)
Do I have a problem(Older Teen, M), or is this just a normal preference for some people?
My girlfriend wants to be friends then get back together (7 month relationship)
My (21F) boyfriend (28M) started acting a little aggressive since quarantine started and I'm not sure how to deal with it
My long-term boyfriend suddenly wants an open relationship
My ex-boyfriend’s mom (64) has a weird one-sided relationship with me (18)
My partner and I have a deposit on a house, we both have good jobs, my parents are 70+ financially independent (thankfully) with a house and holiday home paid for, but my partners parents are 55 with no pension or savings but both working. Should I cut and run?
How Do I (20M) Ask My Family to Stop Generalizing/Racist Comments?
I (21F) started a clothing line and don’t seem to be getting any support from family or “close friends”
My (26M) best friend’s (27F) fiancé (27M) is jealous and controlling and it’s affecting our relationship
I (21F) love my boyfriend (23) deeply. But he has lied to me about his history with an ex friend and now I don’t know if I can trust him! What do I do?
Captain Save A Whoe
My long-term partner wants an open relationship and I don’t..
My partner and I have a deposit on a house, we both have good jobs. My parents are 80+ financially independent (thankfully) with a house and holiday home paid for, but my partners parents are 55 with no pension or savings but both working in low paying jobs. Should I cut and run?
My (26M) best friend’s (27F) fiancé (27M) is jealous and controlling and it’s affecting us
Obnoxious coworker is obsessed with “winning”
Just need to vent, advice for trying to sleep
How can I (M23) be a good partner for my girlfriend (F23) who was sexually assaulted and maintain my mental health as well?
My submissive wife
I (21f) started a clothing line last year and it seems that my “close friends” don’t support it.
I [25F] want to break up with my boyfriend [29F] but worried about lockdown
I (15F) broke up with my girlfriend (15F) and am concerned about her mental health.
How do you know when to end a relationship (with someone that is great for you)?
My mom’s boyfriend makes me feel uncomfortable but I can’t tell her because he pays for a lot of bills
My mom constantly asks me to move back in. I am 23
I don't know if this is the right subreddit to ask it in but is there a way to tell if someone is loyal from the very beginning of the releaionship?
I [23F] have a hard time expressing my feelings to my boyfriend [26M]
I [23F] have a hard time expressing my feelings to my boyfriend [26M]
I (16f) called my sister (20f) a whore after I THOUGHT she posted me to her OnlyFans. I was wrong.. help.
Sex and Relationships
Relationships and Sex
Can't get over my psycho ex boyfriend
I (m23) asked my gf (f20) if she wanted to have sex on her period, she said no it would hurt, so then I said “well that mouth can still do something can’t it.”
I'm in a lot of pain away from home and alone
Lot of pain in my heart
Unattractive and less of a human to him
Am I (23F) a bad person for being sad over (a lack of) a birthday present?
What’s a good “thinking of you” present for a guy/boyfriend?
I think my (22F) boyfriend (27M) is controlling???
Relationships am I being unreasonably suspicious?
My boyfriend thinks I cheated because I saw other people before we defined our relationship
My boyfriend thinks I cheated because I saw other people before we defined our relationship. Need advice
Cheating advice
Help. Need advice
My girlfriend(f18) broke up with me (m19) to go on a date with someone else. She regretted it and wants to be with me again, should i take her back?
Update: My [19M] Sister [11F] told me about a weird and inappropriate boy. Should I do something to help?
My mother constantly asks me to move back
Boyfriend doesn’t eat with me but eats most of my food and we don’t split groceries.
Moral support
Zoom interviews kinda suck but my friends are awesome
Girlfriend(f 18)left me(m 19) in order to go on a date with someone else then asked to be with me again. What should i do?
What is normal for a new relationship? Am I expecting too much too soon?
My partner and I always fight, he hit me the other day
My boyfriend (28 M) and I (26 F) of 5 years have been on the rocks since the beginning of the year. We have now been in quarantine for 31 days and things are getting TENSE.
My boyfriends over sensitivity in our relationship is pushing me away
My (19M) girlfriend (18F) has told me that she gets nauseous at the idea of being affectionate.
I (19M) need ideas on what I can give my girlfriend (19F) for our anniversary.
I need ideas for what I (19M) can give my girlfriend (19F) for our one year
My boyfriend (28 M) and I (26 F) of 5 years have been on the rocks since the beginning of the year. We have now been in quarantine for 31 days and things are getting TENSE.
Eight months ago my ex (19) and I (18) were talking about moving in with each other and getting a dog. Setting ourselves up for the rest of our lives together
I (20f) need some advice in leaving a toxic relationship with my older boyfriend (41m)?
My [36M] wife [25F] thinks that I still love my late wife and I said yes, but it's not true and now I don't know what to do to make her forgive me.
She cheated on me. Fuck her day up. We have 2 kids
Boyfriend (33) uncomfortable with me (F27) copping from flirty dealer
Leaving a toxic relationship with an older man
Would you let a guy know you hooked up with his GF?
Would you tell her new boyfriend?
Problem with my ex
F (18) should I stop putting effort into my friendships?
Threw my (20M) girlfriend (19F) hard in self-defense, not sure what to do now.
Should I stop putting effort into my friendships?
I (30M) want to spend more time with my wife (30F). She seems to have lost all interest
Advice about my(F18) relationship with my boyfriend(M21)?
Did I get ghosted? (22F)
I am have a complicated relationship with my parents and honestly don't know how to feel about it
Did I get ghosted? (22F)
My ex contacts me and doesn't want to hang out
How would you react if you're not the type/preferred type of your partner?
My (21F) roommate and I (20F) are considering becoming intimate
My BestFriend
[59 Married 6 Years Male] Does Your SO Having A Work Spouse Bother You? TL;DR Work Spouse Concern
Been talking to a guy online for over a month but he hasn't replied for a week
My(29) SO told me I dont have self respect. I feel terrible,although its true. How can I"regain"it?
My BestFriend
I don't know how I am supposed to feel about my parents
Should I reply??
Need advice on healing while in relationship
Threw my (20M) girlfriend (19F) hard in self-defense, not sure what to do now.
I (24F) have an amazing friend (32M), but I get really jealous over him having other female friends, and desperately need help
long distance during quarantine
How would you react if you're not the type/preferred type of your partner?
Is it possible to not like your partner because you’re very insecure about yourself?
Healing Abandonment Trauma While in Relationship
Do I put too much weight on physical appearance /attraction in a relationship?
Healing Childhood Abandonment Trauma While in Relationship
I am confused about how I feel about my parents
I’m so confident in the way I interact with people face to face, but when I’m texting them I’m so insecure.
My brother may be planning to kill himself on his 25th birthday. Do I tell our mom?
my (f19) boyfriend (m22) seems to compare me to his ex /: i dont know what to think
How do I (f23) tell a guy (m20) that I dont think a relationship would be a good idea without hurting his feelings too bad
My (29)SO of 2.5 years told me I have no self respect. How can I "regain" it?
How would you react if you're not the type/preferred type of your partner?
Boyfriend (21m) doesn’t say “I love you” very often, but says “I wuv you”. Should I be upset?
tired of people telling me that it’s bad that my partner and I haven’t seen each other during Covid.
3.5 year relationship is going nowhere.. it’s complicated. Should I leave.
Do you lash out on your spouse because your overwhelmed or stressed with work? Why?
My (25F) sister (23F) isn't coping with lockdown and I don't know how to help her
I feel like he downgraded with me
Do I put too much weight on physical appearance /attraction in a relationship?
Should I [F/21] reach out to him [M/21] or just move on?
3.5 year relationship is going nowhere.. it’s complicated. Should I leave.
Hes struggling with online communication
Do I put too much weight on physical appearance/attraction in a relationship?
How do I get over this?
NEED ADVICE BADLY PLEASE: Is she (f23) even remotely interested in me (m28)?
Does my boyfriend demand too much cuddling time?
HePickedHisNoseBeforeMe
27M + 25F, been together for eight months.
Is leaving flowers on my girlfriend’s [21F] car something she would appreciate/find nice after she gets off work?
My [27M] GF [23F] of 3 years told me I don't love her
Do you lash out on your spouse because you’re overwhelmed or stressed with work? Why?
My [29 F] boyfriend [25 M] has a female best friend [24 F] who has trouble with boundaries.
How should I (22M) go about dealing with my past relationships with my ex's?
I (25NB/F) don't know how to improve my interpersonal skills if I can't see anyone face-to-face
I think my (m20) girlfriends(f20) cheating on me what does it sound like
dating for 1.5 years and i got blocked on instagram.
I (20M) took a chance on my girlfriend (20F) because of her great personality; four years later I am afraid she's not my type
My bf’s brother and his friends go to our house to hangout outside/in garage when no one is home even after we asked them to stop.
Is he [28M] trying to reconnect after our [27F] “break up?
mental illness and forgiveness
been dating for 1.5 years, not posted anywhere and im blocked from his instagram.
(X-posted in r/polyamory) Proceed with a Non-Violent Communication Attempt or do I just Call-it?
Interracial Love in comic book
I’m (22F) feeling unhappy with my boyfriend (24M) - not sure what to do
(X-posted in r/polyamory) Proceed with a Non-Violent Communication Attempt or do I just Call-it?
Girlfriend fetishizing black guys?
been dating for 1.5 years and got blocked on instagram.
I [M25] am having doubts about my longterm goals with my GF [F24]
How can I (25\f) communicate better with my long distance bf(28/m) and be more present.
I’m (22F) feeling unhappy with my boyfriend (24M) - not sure what to do
My (M19) girlfriend (F21) compares me to her EX
My (M19) Girlfriend (F21) compares me to all of her EX's
My 30M wife 34F believes in conspiracy theories
My 30M wife 34F believes conspiracy theories
My parents hold ‘y symptoms against me.
all i ever wanted in my life is a sister, a loving kind caring understanding teasing sister
My Best Friend (21M) Won’t Talk To Me (19F) Anymore Because He’s In Love With Me And I Have A Boyfriend
My Best Friend Won’t Talk To Me Anymore Because He’s In Love With Me And I Have A Boyfriend (19F, 21M)
Has anybody here gone through a breakup after a silent meditation retreat?
Me [21 F] and my ex [21 M] have been broken up since Feb but we have all the same friends. Should I text him to figure things out?
My (29 YF) 10-year bf (29 YM) talks poorly about me and my family behind my back
NEED ADVICE PLEASE: Is she (f23) even remotely interested in me (m28)?
Myself (17M) like this girl too much (17F) and i really need help. Kind of a long read
I [20M] feel like I want to end my (semi) LDR with my girlfriend [19F].
me (20M) looking for new friends (??)
My(32F) mom (68) is constantly begging me to visit even amidst this coronavirus outbreak and even though I love them it’s overwhelming and I feel like a bad daughter.
My [23f] friend [26m] disappears and reappears, what boundary do I put in?
I [28F] am in disbelief at how stupid my friend [28F] is being
I like this girl too much and i need help with this
Is my Dad gaslighting me about my crush?
Why would a guy that seemed interested in a dating app now only text me once a week?
My (29 YF) 10-year bf (29 YM) talks poorly about me and my family behind my back
My (20F) boyfriend (19M) purposely hid texts and avoided mentioning that he was still in contact with his ex.
Should I tell my old high school friend that her boyfriend is cheating on her?
I (18f) need some advice.
I haven’t seen my boyfriend in almost 2 months bc of the virus. How are you guys dealing with this?
I (M21) have a huge crush on my friend (F21) but things are complicated.. seeking advice on how to proceed
Boyfriend asked for space and it’s been a month
How can I support my partner who suffers from depression?
why does my toxic boyfriend ignore me during fights?
Did I [28F] go too far with my new boyfriend [33M] over Skype?
"I'm not that type of a guy"
Boyfriend and I argue whenever we are not together
Should I [19M] give up on dating?
Mixed signals, what would you do?
Mixed signals
How do I [34M] help a self destructive friend [18M]\friend's son who moved in with me?
BF (M28) doesn’t say “thank you”
am i falling out of love?
Just found out that my (24M) girlfriend (24F) slept with a married man a year before we met and I'm finding it hard to move on from
I miss innocence/youthfulness in dating/romance
Mixed signals??
Not sure if this is the right place to post this kind of thing, but I have a few questions.
Advise on staying friends (or not) with exes
I tested positive for chlamydia but my partner tested negative
Girlfriend(21)F wants living room redecorated. Do I (23)F her the money for it or hire someone to do it? She’s not very vocal about how she wants shit done!
My [F32] husband [M34] is spending $200 a week on groceries just for himself
Wedding Hashtag that isn’t racist
He choked me, and now tells me I need to "get past it"
(28m) Nerve Damage in Genitals - Unable to have sex anymore - Advice on whether to purse dating again.
My (23F) old roommate (27 F) forged my signature on a lease renewal a year ago, how do I talk to her about not doing it again?
My partner tried to kill himself.
The good and bad of lying (or neither)
My partner tried to kill himself.
My (20F) Boyfriend (22M) keeps liking ex-crushes Instagram selfies?
Not another anime post...!
I(18) think my dad (50) and my stepmother (38) are going to divorce. How can I help/be better towards them?
I (18F) just discovered that I have fear of physical intimacy . I don't know how to go about it.
i’m (25F) beginning to resent my bf (33M)
(M13) (F14) my crush texted me something and i really don't know how to reply(not sure if teenagers are allowed here sorry if not)
Will you be my quarantine?
My crush texted something and i really have no idea what to reply(not sure if teenagers are allowed here)
I (27M) moved home during quarantine, and realized how abusive my dad (63M) is to my mom (65F). Should I confront him?
I [25 M] think our [23 F] 6 year relationship is coming to an end
Not sure what to do about current situation with my(21f) bf(28)?
I (23F) think I lost my best friend (22M) and it’s killing me that he won’t talk to me
Infidelity, purity, and trust (long post)
I can’t move on from the pain of being ghosted, it worse than a breakup
He choked me.
Infidelity, purity, trust
I (26M) don't know what's the right way to trust my gf (22F)
My girlfriend's (F20) ass is just too fat
He (M19) still doesnt trust me (F17) after almost 2 years, what do i do?
My Father (60M) found out my Mother (50F) cheated on him while he was abroad. He found out this 2 days ago and he is beyond furious and could do things that is harmful to him too. My brother (28M) and I (20M) are trying to diffuse the situation.
I contacted the relationship-wrecker's boyfriend and I feel so relieved and empowered
I feel like my (25F) girlfriend (23F) is ashamed of our relationship
I (F18) can't live my life because of my family
Should I trust my boyfriend?
Is it wrong that I (29M) don’t want to pursue friendships/relationships with others until I get some achievements in life?
How do i reconnect with an ex
He (M19) still doesnt trust me (F17) even after 2 years. What can I do?
My [f23] boyfriend [m23] doesn't want me to post nude photos of myself on reddit yet he watches porn himself on the daily.
Starting to see the ugly side of my girlfriend come out
am i (25F) silly for hoping things will get better with my bf (33M)? growing to resent him
My[16F] grieving dad[49M] told me he put a gun on layaway behind my mom's[39F] back, and told me not to tell her.
Reconnect with an ex
Should I trust my boyfriend?
I(22F) don’t know how to go about dating after my last partner(20M).
Relationship is one sided and there is no genuine reciprocation
Should I(24F) wait for him(32M)
Why does she [28F] act like that with me [29M]?
Is it wrong I don’t want to pursue relationships/friendships with anyone until I get some achievements in life?
Did I get let down easy, or does he really need time to “find himself”?
Relationship is one sided and there is no genuine reciprocation.
I’m dating a bad tattooist?
My (F25) boyfriend (M25) wants a family like yesterday. I don’t quite yet.
How do I deal with unrequited love? I have stopped initiating convos with her but she ocassionally starts one and it feels rude to outright ignore them. But that's emotionally taxing on me.
I M21 have a huge crush on my friend F21 but things are complicated.. seeking advice on how to proceed
Should I(24F) wait for him(32M)?
Did I just get friend zoned, or does he really need time to “find himself”
I (25M) am sick of my girl (22F) after 3.5 years, even though everything is great on paper.
LDR boyfriend left me. Now what?
Partner (33m) wants to set up security cameras in our house and room to check\watch me (30f) when they’re gone.
I’m dating a bad tattooist?
I am heartbroken over an LDR relationship. What now?
Do you think different spending habits are really a sign of incompatibility in a relationship? (33F/37M, together 7 months)
I (24F) was in a happy and long-term relationship until I found out my boyfriend (25M) had an affair 4 years ago.
I (20NB) am struggling with talking to my parents (53F and 59M) about my gender identity (and in general), any advice?
I'm together with a nice man but I still feel lonely; can I try anything to fix the relationship?
I (24F) was in a happy long-term relationship until I found out that my boyfriend (25M) had an affair last 2016.
Can someone please help me texting this girl i really like?
I(f, 23) am being blackmailed by my mom(F, 49) and her boyfriend during their nasty custody battle with my father.
Guy (32M) I’m (24F) friends with sometimes makes confusing remarks. Am I taking them out of context?
Can people fall out of love (F23)
I'm together with a nice guy but I still feel lonely and like we don't connect; can I try anything to fix this relationship?
People who fall in love easily, do you also fall out of love easily?
I (20F) don't know if my best friend (18F) wants anything with me
I need advice
Ex (M22) and I (F21) are talking again because I’m pregnant. We decided to terminate it. Any chance of us working on ourselves to get together again?
My partner (33M) would like to set up security cameras in our house and room to check\watch me (30F) when they’re gone.
What do i do??
How to win him back
I (20F) don't know if my best friend (18F) wants anything with me
Boyfriend (24M) sent some nasty messages to his Ex, I (25F) don't know how I should feel about it.
My partner would like to set up security cameras in our house and room to check\watch me when they’re gone.
My BFF/roommate is also my ex-BF - I found out he cheated on me, & I'm quarantined with him.
Women of Reddit, have you ever threatened to cut off your boyfriend's penis? Men, have you ever received a threat like this?
My boyfriend of 5 months hasn’t said “I Love You”
My boyfriend started wanking off in front of me?
UPDATE: My [25f] boyfriend [26m] is hiding something... what should I do?
Boyfriend (28m) still gets mollycoddled & is a mummy’s boy - am I being dramatic?
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) has been acting completely different since the pandemic.
How to leave a partner that you know won’t change?
Is it advisable to end a relationship because of unfounded jealousy?
Can people fall out of love? (F23)
Should I (20f) tell my friend (21f) how she’s changed for the worse?
NEED ADVICE PLEASE: Is she (f23) even remotely interested in me (m27)?
I feel like my mom is playing a victim instead of being a parent when I need her
Can people fall out of love? F23
Should I (20f) tell my friend (21f) how she’s changed?
I (29f) saw a Bumble notification on my bf’s (29M) phone
My (23f) bf (24m) won't change habits in quarantine and gained weight
HAE Dealt with a situation like this/ Stigma help [26M] [22F]
HAE Dealt with a situation like this/ Stigma help
HAE Dealt with a situation like this/ Stigma help [25m] [22F]
I(22F) feel lost in my relationship with my bf(24M) since I’ve moved abroad to study.
HAE Dealt with a situation like this/ Stigma help
I(38M) keep having anxiety because my girlfriend (37F) slept with someone after we started dating
Bf going for meal with female colleague to talk about our relationship issues
Is my SO being controlling?
My girlfriend (37F) slept with someone else a few weeks after I(38M) first started dating her
My Dad’s (m59) fiancée (f61) did not invite me (f23) and my little sister (f21) to her bridal shower-should we be offended? How should we handle this?
My gf and I of almost 4 years just broke up
I (20f) am jealous of my (25M) boyfriends success because I'm failing.
I've been interested in her for more than 5 months now - how to proceed if you were me? [20/M][19/F]
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) has been acting completely different since the pandemic.
How to better myself (31M) emotionally? Maybe alexithymia?
Really need some advice or at least someone to tell me if I'm being unreasonable.
I [23 M] feel like one of my closest friends [22 M] is consuming my entire personality
How to better myself emotionally? Alexithymia?
My parents hate when I "space out" when they fight or yell at me. What do I (17f) do?
I (26m) broke up with my gf(26f)
How do I get over this?
How do i let go?
I (24f) have multiple dreams per week about my long time boyfriend (28m) cheating on me. It's ruining my sleep and it makes me want to end the relationship to escape these dreams.
I have an addiction that's effecting my (32M) relationship with my wife (25F).
My brother [16M] constantly complains about racism where there isn't any. How do I [17M] stop him from walking around with a chip on his shoulder?
Can people fall out of love?
I have an addiction that's effecting my (32M) relationship with my wife (25F).
Hi ;)
Toxic boyfriend ignores when there’s conflict
Was this relationship even real? (Ex)GF (21) just broke off with me (23, m)
27M with 25F
Am I in a toxic relationship ? (17F)
27M + 25F, been together for 8 Months.
I have an addiction that's effecting my (32M) relationship with my wife (25F).
My (26M) wife (25F) wants to move in with her parents
Should I (25F) be concerned that my fiancé (27M) cried when rehoming a stray, but not in the past when I’ve almost left him or when his dad died?
Girl[18F] lost interest all of a sudden in me [20M] after saying she really liked me for ages?
Was this relationship even real?
Should I reveal my Twitch Identity?
Is my MotherinLaw(49f) being inconsiderate or is it just me(25f)?
My (17f) boyfriend (21m) tells another girl he loves her
Is My MotherinLaw(49f) being inconsiderate or is it just me(25f)?
How to not feel insecure when partner is attracted to another race.
I’m [m29] feeling abused and controlled by my girlfriend [31]
NEED ADVICE PLEASE: Is she (f23) even remotely interested in me (m27)????
Me [20M] having issues with GF [19F] over this quarantine.
My boyfriend (24M) and I (23F) have been having troubles in the bedroom and I don't know what to do.
My MotherinLaw Has Been Incredibly Inconsiderate
Do guys actually notice when their girl is mad/upset at something they did or do they ignore it to avoid confrontation?
My mother (f 58) ignores my (f 18) awf mental health and never wants to admit thats she is wrong and that her behaviour has somethung to do with my mental isssues
Is this a good gift?
My mother ( f 58) doesn't take my (f 18) mental health seriously and also doesn't want to admit that her behaviour has something to do with it and that it is destroying our relationship
Is this a good gift?
I (22m) can't forget her (20f) and it's killing me slowly
I'm [M/20] having a hard time with my first relationship because of the pandemic
I'm [M/20] having a hard time with my first relationship because of the pandemic
Hard time in quarantine with your OH, too?
It took the coronavirus pandemic for me (25F) to realize I don't have any friends.
It took the coronavirus pandemic for me (25F) to realize don't have any friends.
My (26f) colleague (27f) ignored me out of the blue...
My partner (23 M) wants me ( 22 F ) to put everything on hold for a child
Did I (28f) manipulate my boyfriend (30m) with toxic behavior?
Why does no descent guy ever like me?
Girlfriend(f25) ghosted me(M29) after about a year.
My (19m) girlfriend (19f) is struggling everyday with her perception of her weight.
My (17f) boyfriend (19m) tells another girl he loves her
How am I[34M] supposed to treat my [18M] roommate?
Cannot stand boyfriends female friend
NEED ADVICE PLEASE: is she (f23) even remotely interested in me (m27)?
My (25m) girlfriend (22f) of 5 years left me for someone else.
Am I (40f) abandoning my parents for him (42m)?
My (25m) girlfriend (22f) of 5 years left me and told me she loves somebody else
If a guy looks at you like he's in love with you, then what does that mean?
Living together before marriage...yes or no?
My gf (22f) of 5 years left me (25m) for someone else.
Breaking my own moral code (Yes... I know... I could have used Breaking Bad...**rolls eys**)
I've (21M) finally reached breaking point with my mother (57F), after she made my father (63M) breakdown and tell me I'm the only reason he's got worth living.
How do I[34M] draw good boundaries with my roommate[18m]?
I've (21M) finally reached breaking point with my mother (57F), after she made my father (63M) breakdown and tell me I'm the only reason he's got worth living.
I [27F] feel the need to change my life, but my chronic illness is a constant barrier..
I always thought I was incapable of love. But Boyfriend (M24) makes me (F22) so happy, I just wanted to share.
I (21M) had been talking to a girl(20F) from Tinder for almost a month during quarantine before she suddenly removed me.
My husband is a victim blamer
Do I need to be sexually attracted to someone before entering my first relationship?
Is it ok to leave a group of friends due to one person?
NEED ADVICE PLEASE: Is this girl (f23) even remotely interested in me (m27)?
I (28F) just found out my 'partner' (25M) of 5 years had a 4 month long affair, whilst telling me I was crazy.
I (M 24) am close to cheating on my bf (36) and I don’t know what to do about it.
Guy (32M) I’m (24F) friends with keeps making confusing remarks. Am I just taking them the wrong way?
Last night I (21M) ended a 2.5 year long friendship with another dude (20M) after being cussed out and blocked off. Need advice where to go from here.
Last night I (21M) ended a 2.5 year long friendship with another dude (20M) after being cussed out and blocked off. Need advice where to go from here.
Social media question
Me (32m) and ex (34f) broke up recently not sure how to move forward
My (22f) man (26m) who is married for a visa, is stuck at home with his wife. Can I trust him?
I (19M) rushed into a relationship, but i'm having second thoughts and i'm in desperate need of help before things go further.
My (53M) wife (20F) cheated on me and I retaliated by posting her nudes online.
My (25F) husband (25M) doesn't read and it's bothering me?
NSA sex is wrecking my relationship with my girlfriend
Is she (f23) even remotely interested in me (m27)?
Major differences between my partner (F30) and I (M32), cornered to get married.
How do I (f20s) resist the urge to get revenge on my "ex"( m40s) ?
My boyfriend has been treating me badly recently and he won’t sit and have a conversation about it..
My [25M] girlfriend [20F] wants to remain a virgin for the foreseeable future
How do I (17f) get over the things my abusive ex (17m) did to me?
My boyfriend has been treating me badly recently and he won’t sit and have a conversation about it..
How do I (24F) talk to my boyfriend (26M) about cutting his friend off?
Major differences between my partner (F30) and I (M32), cornered to get married.
NSA sex is hurting my relationship with my girlfriend
How do I (24F) convince my boyfriend (26M) to cut off his friend?
My [25M] girlfriend [19F] ended the relationship during lockdown and i'm struggling to understand it.
Advice please
First Love - Curious
How to stick up for myself from rude work colleague?
My friend (32F) lost her partner three years ago.
Insecure about my boyfriend’s past (LDR, culture/ language gap)
First Love - curious
I (27M) caught my roommate/best friend (25M) fucking my other best friend (24F) who has a boyfriend who LOVES her to death.
Is it true?
I [23F] don’t feel like I’m worth anyone’s time
I (27M) caught my best friend/roommate (25M) fucking my other best friend (24F) and she has a boyfriend who LOVES her to death. What should I do?
I have a friend (32F) who lost her husband in a tragic accident three years ago.
I like my ex’s best friend
My [25M] girlfriend [19F] ended the relationship during lockdown and i'm struggling to understand it.
I (27M) caught my best friend/roommate (25M) fucking my other best friend (24F) who has a boyfriend who LOVES her with all his heart. What should I do?
What should I do?
I’m (35 M) in love with an ex (35F) and we are both in relationships
What should I do?
My (34M) brother (35M) have not spoken really since our father passed when we were 17 &18 and I want to fix it.
My bestie-turned-BF [16M] told me[16F] about his ex[18F] and now I feel responsible for their break up. Aslo, he may have never seen me as a bestie.
Living together before getting married...Yes or No?
My (23F) boyfriend (52M) has a Grindr profile
Girlfriend doesn't kids but I think I do, what to do? (21M, 20F)
I think I want kids but my girlfriend thinks she doesn't, what should we do? (21M, 20F)
Really long post but objective opinions desired
I foolishly let the best thing that’s ever happened to me go... and I wish I could take it back.
Bf (38m) angry at me (28f) about an incident from our first date.
Violent bf
I[24F] am prone to crying, how do I manage it in my relationship with my boyfriend[25M]?
Guy (20M) I met on Instagram thinks I’m 15 kg lighter than I am (20F)
There's no excuse that so many millennial women especially white women are so messy and on top cannot cook food, or wash dishes, or clean the house or at least their room and will come in this thread and act all stubborn and not accept reality
It's been over 12 months and she (25 F) still can't commit to me (25 M). Any advice please?
How to deal with my Ex cheating on his new partner with me
My [19M] girlfriend [17M], of one year, came out as a bisexual and I am unsure how I'm going to deal with my jealousy
Quarantine w Suffocating Roommate
Did I (20/M) just lose my feelings for my boyfriend (19/M) overnight?
Objective opinions needed.
Do white women feel attracted to indian men?
F (27) my crush M (28) He stopped texting me ☹️
I'm (52m) fighting with my wife (55f) because I bought alcohol for our son
My [17f] girlfriend and I [17m] having been dating for a bit over a month and things were going fantastic. Then she slowly became distant and eventually lied to me. Advice on what to do would be very much appreciated!
Girlfriend wants an open relationship and idk what to do
I [25F] don't think I love him [28M] anymore, but I can't financially afford to leave him.
My girlfriend wants an open relationship and idk what to do
Girlfriend wants open relationship and idk what to feel
My girlfriend can not tolerate other religions
I [28/M] feel like I'm the one keeping a friendship afloat with my friend [26/F] - Am I being clingy, or is there a reasonable way to talk about this?
I [20M] can‘t stop thinking about former relationsships of my girlfriend [21W]
Should I(31M) text my EX(29F)?
She (19F) said she needed space from me (22M). It’s been almost a month and I need advice.
My crush stopped texting me
17m (me) and my 17f girlfriend having been dating just a little over a month and everything was great. Suddenly she's become distant.
My [19M] girlfriend [28F] hit me because I didn’t want to have sex with her while she was drunk then she apologized.
I [20M] can‘t stop thinking about former relationsships of my girlfriend [21W]
why is my ex boyfriend wanting to still talking to me even though he doesn’t want to get back together?
My ugly boyfriend lied to me
I'm starting to lose feelings for my gf of 1 year and idk what to do
Should I tell my friend she’s changed?
I [19F] am struggling with being highly selfish and it’s hurting my relationship with my mom [50F]
My (25 M) deadbeat brother (34 M) makes my mom pay his child support while he lives at home doing drugs and playing video games
How do I (18 F) tell my mom (42 F) that her badmouthing my dad (45 M) is hurting me emotionally?
Am I [19F] a “curse” to my mother [50F]
How do I(20F) properly discuss and handle different religious backgrounds with new guy(22M) I am dating?
Help! I am trying to teach myself Spanish so that I can communicate with my boyfriends family
Would you go out with a guy who has a weird sexual history?
Help! I am trying to teach myself Spanish so that I can communicate with my boyfriends family
My roommate (20sM) is very rude to me and my other roommate (19F) and I’m not sure how to handle it
what are some cute nicknames that you call your significant other?
My (22 FTM) Partner (20 FTM) of 2 years got sexually assaulted, and I focused on myself...
How can I (20F) fix my relationship with my dad (48M)
My Mom (55F) Is Clearly Mentally Ill. How Do I (19F) Cope?
My Mom (55F) Is Clearly Mentally Ill But Denies It. How Do I (19F) Cope?
My Mom (55F) Is Clearly Mentally Ill But Denies It. How Do I (19F) Cope?
Letter to ex after 3 months no contact
Is he having fun or is it cheating?
How do I [18f] help repair my relationship with my boyfriend [24m]?
Am I wrong?
My [23F] boyfriend [25M] never wants to travel, go out to eat, or go out and do anything with me. He is perfectly content with playing video games inside and eating ramen noodles fr dinner and it's killing me.
Is asking access to phone/computer an acceptable request to help rebuild trust?
Are women really like this?
When I try to date girls
Me(M21) and my girlfriend (F22) have been apart during quarantine and its really been tough
long distance during quarantine
Was I [15F] being manipulated [22M]?
sibling wants to talk all day every day now that im not in school anymore and i don't really have any great excuse not to but also we talk like 4 or 5 hours a day and it drains me as i don't really like talking to people and have a lot of social anxiety
I'(27M)m just not sure what to do about my best female (23F)friend. What's next? Is there a next?
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my pants [F/21]? What do I do now
sibling wants to talk all day every day now that im not in school anymore and i don't really have any great excuse not to but also we talk like 4 or 5 hours a day and it drains me as i don't really like talking to people and have a lot of social anxiety
Looking for advice on relationship I'm in with a girl, she (17F) went from loving me (17M), to just wanting to be friends overnight. I'm confused and sad
Neighbours watching us in our bathroom
My [29/f] boyfriend [32/m] cannot seem to take any criticism at all.
My [24F] boyfriend [26M] broke up with me because he feels like he’s disappointing me
**TL;DR;** Looking for advice on relationship I'm (17M) she's (17F)
Looking for advice on relationship I'm (17M) she's (17F)
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my pants [F/21]? And what do i do now
I (24M) need some insight on what to do with my ex (22F)
Explaining to a bf about abuse from 6 years ago, advice
My [24F] boyfriend [26M] broke up with me because he feels like he’s disappointing me
I need help finding closure with this complicated relationship I'm in (17M) with a girl (17F)
My gamer boyfriend
A really complicated relationship between me [17M] and this girl [17F]
How can I [25 F] stop causing problems and being overly emotional with my boyfriend [23 M]?
I (24M) need some insight on what to do with my ex (22F)
I (24F) am so in love with my boyfriend (29M) of two years. I think I’m holding on too tight.
My (32M) ex (30F) doesn’t understand or respect that I have an issue with her interactions with the father of her child
Long Distance Relationship failing miserabily
How can I [25 F] stop causing problems and being overly emotional with my boyfriend [23 M]?
My (32M) ex (30F) doesn’t understand or respect that I have an issue with her interactions with her child’s father
How can I [25 F] stop causing problems and being overly emotional with my boyfriend [23 M]?
Past Experience
How do I leave a friend group but stay friends with just one?
have I (18f) outgrown my best friend (18m)?
I'M AFRAID OF CHANGE BUT HE NAILED IT PERFECTLY
Past Experience (Story)
I(f26)feel trapped and unsure about my relationship with my fiancé/baby daddy (m30) of 6 years
Gamer Boyfriend
My boyfriend is getting the shit beat outta him every day.
Any bros out there to have a chat with?
My roommate (20sM) is very rude to me and my other roommate (19F) and I’m not sure how to handle it
My roommate (20sM) is very rude to me and my other roommate (19F) and I’m not sure how to handle it
Confused and feeling abused
Body pillow for gf
He chose his game over me
Getting back together with an ex
It seems the main indicator of being in a relationship with someone this age, is a good morning, good night text, every day
I'm just a cryer, please help a sista out😁
Is 1.5 months into a relationship too early for me [31M] to talk about and address potential incompatibilities with my girlfriend [31F]?
Feeling so lost
His house makes me sad and depressed.
Hanging out with a friend right after a breakup... need some advice
breaking up during quarantine?
I (F 24) feel like I met "the one" too early in my life. Anyone else feel this way?
How to leave all but one person in the friend group
My boyfriend had never seen me fully naked after 3 years of knowing each other
I live 7 hours away from my gf and can’t see her bc of Covid-19. I don’t have the motivation to stay in the relationship anymore and it’s not fair to treat her like I am now. Is it awful to break up with her over skype? ...
While sheltering in place with your SO, how much time are you spending with them vs doing your own thing?
TL;DR
Can a marriage work after cheating?
Interesting title
I live 7 hours away from my gf and can’t see her bc of Covid-19. I don’t have the motivation to stay in the relationship anymore and it’s not fair to treat her like I am now. Is it awful to break up with her over skype?
Can a marriage work after cheating?
Have any of you broken up with an ex, had serious relationships in between that didn't work out and then gotten back together long term or married your ex? [Serious replies only]
I [M28] feel differently about her [F27] every 30 minutes
Have any of you broken up with an ex, had serious relationships in between that didn't work out and then gotten back together long term or married your ex? [Serious replies only]
My BF (18) and I (20) will go weeks without sex and he doesn’t seem to notice
I’m (28M) not sure how deal with my girlfriend’s(23F) mental illness and multiple sexual assaults. (TW)
Breaking up in the time of Covid19. How to get over him?
My boyfriend (27,M) is a sex worker. I (26, F) am worried about my daughter’s father (26, M) finding out and the implications it will have
LDR fiance wants me to be more sexual but I can't. What do I do?
I [36F] caused a fight with my boyfriend [37M] over his ex [32F] who he split w/ because she did not want children but she remains in his life. Am I out of line?
(F24)Haven’t had sex w/ BF(M25)in 6 months!!
I (29 F) have a crush on my housemate (22 F), and this is the first time I've had feelings for a woman, what do I do?
My sex drive is gone after 3 years of dating? Need advice!
I (27 M) have a huge crush on one of my coworkers (41 F) but am unsure if I can even explore this.
I (26/f) broke up with my boyfriend (23/m) for lying to me and blindsiding me
Sex drive gone after 3 years of dating? Need some helpful advice!
Sex drive gone?
sex drive gone?
My (25) friend (23F) of 6yrs is going thru a bad break up on top of furlough/pandemic idk how to console her
I (26/f) broke up with my boyfriend (23/m) for lying to me and blinding me
Met a guy while working abroad. Really liked him but now don’t know what to do
Advice on telling SO (M43) that I (F39) am not okay with in-game relationships?
Met a guy I really like while working abroad. Now don’t know what to do
iMessage Delivered, but Blocked? — Ghosted?
How do I (F40) get over my partner's (M46) sexual past?
Needing space
What are possible sex acts “less than intercourse”?
Found out my EX was cheating though another girl. Still feel betrayed
Needing space
The dancing bday video I (27f) made for my ex (26m)
Needing space isn't a crime
My (24 f) boyfriend (23 m) Is showing early symptoms of Paranoid schizophrenia. How can i help him and what can I expect?
My (20M) GF (20F) has struggled to drive her car and it's becoming a problem for me.
We're having problems and idk what to do
Breaking versus trying a marriage (with an ex done under bad circumstances) out of guilt and family/social pressure
Is my(f33) husband (m33);shoving me normal? Is it just lock down stress or more?
What makes LOVE... love?
How did you move past not having a good relationship with your mom?
Should i (M20) break up with my girlfriend (F 25) ?
Am I wrong for wanting to know what our future looks like together... if there even is one? (22F / 23M)
Me (27) and my boyfriend (28) have been together 1.5 years and he breaks up with me every week
Am I wrong for wanting to know what our future looks like? (22F / 23M)
What makes LOVE, love?
What does LOVE mean to you? How do you define it? In any aspect? What words come to mind?
Breaking versus trying a marriage (with an ex done under bad circumstances) out of guilt and family/social pressure
Don’t have sex with my boyfriend every night and I feel bad...
Boss [50sm] has made rude comments about my [26f] disability.
I (21F) cant get my (23M) boyfriend to open up
Why does my boyfriend [20M] always apologize for not calling/texting me [20F]?
Am I being crazy or
Guilty about not sleeping with my boyfriend
(27M) Confronting Hygiene (29F)
My (20M) GF (20F) has struggled with driving and it's beginning to take its toll on me
My [17F] brother-in-law [37M] keeps masturbating in front of me.
(27M) Confronting Hygiene (29F)
I(23F) just realised i was being selfish to my ex bf(24M). How do i stop feeling sorry?
All my female friends act like the would never date me as long as I'm still freindly with my ex. Is this a deal breaker?
My girlfriend (F) (19) hates my girl close friend (f) (18)and wants me to stop talking to her
My(29f) boyfriend(57m) left me out of the blue, we got back together after a month. All of a sudden he has a roommate (23f) and he asked for my help to pick out a 1500$ bed for her (hes broke af)
My(23F) bf(24M) broke up with me so suddenly
(27M) Confronting Hygiene (29F)
(27M) Confronting Hygiene (29F)
Can't get over it
Confronting Hygiene
Interesting title
my (20F) girlfriend never wants to see me
My husband has no interest in me
Should I [F/21] reach out to him [M/21] or just move on? I'm so conflicted
My (25F) GF (24F) Comments Flirtatiously(?) on a Singer’s (20’s F) Instagram Posts
I've been interested in her for more than 5 months now - how to proceed if you were me? [20/M][19/F]
I've been interested in her for more than 5 months now - how to proceed if you were me? [20/M][19/F]
I (F/20) am confused by something my boyfriend (M/21) just said...
Need help on a long distance relationship
My [19M] Girlfriend [18F] opted not to send nudes to a random guy for the sole reason being that "I'd get mad".
My (17F) relationship with my boyfriend (17M) is struggling because of quarantine
I (22M) am having a difficult time having my girlfriend (20F) consider my feelings
My husband has no interest in me
My [19M] Girlfriend [18F] opted not to send nudes to a random guy with her only reasoning being that "I'd get mad"
My [37m] girlfriend [35f] just stormed out of my apartment and I am shaking...
I don’t know how to feel right now..
my [37m] gf [35f] just stormed out of my apartment and I am shaking...
My girlfriend wants me to stop talking to my real close friend (F)
Me [22F] with my housemates [24 F and 25 M] of 2.5 years, moving out
HELP (introvert-extrovert relationship)
Ready to take care of someone
He (26M) ended it (28F)
I (22M) am having difficult time having my girlfriend (20F) acknowledge my feelings
HELP
I (35f) am somewhat unhappy in my marriage, but I don't know whether I should tell husband (40m) because I also love him?
My (19F) gf has been getting anxiety attacks and I (19M) don't know how to help.
Should I reach out to him or just move on
Does she really like me or just settling?
How do you prove to your partner, they can trust you?
How do you prove to your partner, they can trust you?
Finally ready to be single and possibly dating but.
Boyfriend often gets mad at me for not cleaning well enough, how do I handle it better?
I’m feeling a lot of resentment towards my husband and don’t know what to do
Boyfriend often gets mad at me for not cleaning well enough, how do I handle it better?
I’m feeling resentment towards my husband and don’t know what to do
Need advice…I think my head is just going into overdrive… My hubby (58) and myself (57) have been married for almost 21 years. We had a great sex life in the beginning and then kids came and well it felt like I was always trying and he was not interested, so 3 years ago I gave up and w
I have a girlfriend of 5 years this June. Our Relationship is amazing, except when I play video games.
Could use some advice
My girlfriend teases me all the time over the phone but then doesn’t wanna do anything and I do
Does my [18M] bestfriend [18F] have a crush on me?
Need advice
Finally ready to be single and possibly dating but.
Is my(20F) childhood friend(M20) into me and what do I do from here?
I ate my ex's cookies and now my boyfriend hates me. How do I address infidelity, lying and compulsive flirting from home during quarantine?
I [17F] would rather be alone then see my friends
I'm (16f) so heartbroken & don't know what to do
I ate her cookies and now my boyfriend hates me
I (21F) met a guy (25M) but I’m unsure if I should continue putting in effort
Hard day...
M21 How do I date as an adult?
My (21M) sort-of GF (22F) is 5 weeks pregnant. I need advice on how to tell my parents.
I (20F) don’t know what to do about my feelings for my ex (20M)
Help with partner who won’t work
My (24M) friend's (24M) ex (22F) liked me on a dating app?
How do I tell my bf I have anxiety
My (19F) mother (42F) trashes my boyfriend (19M) to my family
I (m20) found a guy in my girlfriends (f20) phone and she lied about it what do you think?
How to help husband finally start working
Person (20s) messages/calls me (20s) once every few months or years, when he's single and only when he's drunk
I (20F) don’t know if I should do something about my feelings for my ex (20m).
Am I (M18) sexually attracted to her (F18)?
Found a guy in my girlfriends phone that she said was her cousin and later back tracked
sad playlist if u in ur feels about ur S/O
I can't fall in love with anyone
I (24F) snapped and ended my 3.5 year long friendship (23F) after she moved a guy into our home.
How to deal with people who want to one up you/be better than you?
My Mother Hates/Trashes my boyfriend to my family
One person messages /calls me (F20s) only when drunk, with years or months between messages
My (27M) girlfriend (26F) started hurting herself out of rage during a fight and I'm in a need for an advice
I just found out I am 5 weeks pregnant with either my ex’s baby or his best friends
I (F20s) am having trouble understanding this one person..have you ever had experience of someone messaging / texting with space of months/ years when they're drunk only? If you do this, why?
My (24M) boyfriend doesn’t think ahead of time unless it’s about his bike. Am I (26F) being to much?
How do I break up with my boyfriend of two years when I can’t even see him in person because of quarantine?
Do you ever randomly think of someone and message / call only when drunk, or has this happened to you? (F20s)
I (21F) am seeing my roommate’s (21F) former FWB (23M)
Dealing with people who don’t want you to do better than them?
I feel bad for ghosting my grandparents who could die at any moment
Do you ever think about someone romantically and message them when drunk randomly or does someone do it to you? ?
What do I do?
I [18F] feel as if I’m dating both my boyfriend [22M] and his mom.
Old crush (34/m) contacted me recently and was a bit of a creep
I just found out I am 5 weeks pregnant with either my ex boyfriends baby or his best friends
My (f/20) bf (m/22) doesn’t think he did anything wrong and claims I’m “just insecure.”
I feel bad for ghosting my grandparents who could die at any moment
Old crush (34/m) resurfaced and was a bit of a creep
My [27M] anxiety is making dating [26F] torturous. Help?
in the middle of my parents and sister fighting
My (27M) girlfriend (26F) started hurting herself out of rage during a fight and I'm in a need for an advice.
Suggestions?
Suggestions?
Sharing my mind with no one In particular. Read if you’d like...
I [24F] don't think that im good enough for my boyfriend [26M]
Friend's ex-girlfriend liked me on Hinge
It’s a hard day....
I [24F] don't think that im good enough for my boyfriend [26M]
As a bi man, am I pretty much screwed when it comes to my chances of marrying a woman?
I (28f) found some of my husbands (29m) email exchanges with his doctor
My wife claims she wants me to be involved with raising our kids but has always had final say on how we raise them
I always thought I was incapable of love. But Boyfriend (M24) makes me (F22) so happy, I just wanted to share.
Does anyone feel like you're not good enough for your S/O
Am I a bad old sister?
I always thought I was incapable of love. But Boyfriend (M24) makes me (F22) so happy, I just wanted to share.
Is my (F19) best friend (F19) interested back in me?
Am I overthinking? What should I do next?
My friend is making me feel uncomfortable while she’s visiting but I don’t know how to tell her
My father (50M) is being racist towards my g(19F)f and it has destroyed my view of him
My father is racist towards my gf and it has destroyed our relationship
HELP: I'm (F23) always infatuated with older men and can't be attracted to good looking guys my own age who tick all the boxes. Please read the full thing :-( I'm scared I'll never be happy.
My wife claims she wants me to be involved with raising our kids but has always had final say on how we raise them
How do I (22M) face my father (50) after he was racist against my Gf(19F)
I'm [28F] not sure my boyfriend [31] is the one, or just going through a rough patch?
My (F24) husband (28M) won’t give me my stimulus check
Husband won’t give me my stimulus check
My [21F] boyfriend [21M] uses a pet name for me, and I don't know how to tell him I dislike it?
I (F20) said something rude to my boyfriend (M20) today and I feel terrible. I've apologized but I feel like an awful person.
Frustrated with how my partner spends their time.
Need advice on a long distance relationship
My boyfriend isn’t into me anymore?
My [22M] girlfriend [22F] lives in my house and wants to get a job at food shop, but I won't let her. Am I in the wrong?
Is it over?
Me [30F] , why do I want a relationship?
Girlfriend (19 F) says she wants some time alone
SO wants to see my poop
I (M29) broke up with girlfriend of 4 years (f23) - Did I do the right thing?
I (F21) think my boyfriend (M19) could be gay?
He [26/M] won’t open my [26/F] snapchat text and it’s been 36 hours. Did I get ghosted?
GF's (24F) trust issues have not improved over 2 years. I (25M) feel like the relationship is at a dead end.
Rant, quarantine is just annoying
Why do I feel like something is missing in our relationship?
I need ideas!! Asap!
I'm tired of the immature games we both play, should I just move on?
I (M 23) just received a handwritten letter from my ex girlfriend (F 23) that was sent the day before we broke up. What should I do?
I (23F) feel anxious about seeing porn forum activity on my partners (27M) phone
How do I know that my GF [26f] is the one I [27m] should be with?
My (f19) bf (m18) seems disinterested in everything I like and I don't know how to deal with it.
My ( f 18 ) Bf (18) is is disinterested in my interests so much that he doesn't even bother encouraging me properly
My heart hurts
I (M23) just received a handwritten letter from my ex girlfriend (F 21) . We broke up last week and she sent the letter the day before we broke up. Should I respond?
Maybe it's paranoia, but I (18M) think my mother (51F) is attempting to harm my relationship with my father (76M) as a manner of punishing me.
My (21) boyfriend (21) triggers my mental health.
Girlfriend (27) didn’t tell me she was moving to a new state next year; male (26)
I’m a 20 year old guy and was involved with a girl who really wasn’t good for me and now I’m very anxious about girls in general.
What does a man provide a woman with?
Helping a female friend with anxiety and depression, but I do not want a rebound with her, or should I?
NEED HELP. Corona Virus and distance Killed my relationship. Sad love story
Need advice on a long distance relationship
NEED HELP. Corona Virus and distance Killed my relationship. Sad love story
My Ex's sister died in a car accident last night, I don't feel okay
Tired of the games we play: should I just move on?
I'm (28f) upset how my boyfriend (30m) to a possible pregnancy scare.
I’m [25M] emotionally confused about my friend [27F] and don’t what to tell her.
My (16f) "friend" (17f) keeps trying to set me up with guys that are horrible and ruins potential relationships with guys I like. Why?
How to not lose hope during quarantine?
I feel like my cousin is being manipulated by his girlfriend
I feel like my cousin is being manipulated by his girlfriend
How to proceed in a situation where I unknowingly flirted with a taken guy and his girlfriend sent me a bunch of messages saying mean things? I'm 19f
Is my (F20) boyfriend (M20) a closeted gay?
I feel like I keep saying the wrong things
How do I [M 23] help my GF [22], a healthy relationships advocate, feel beautiful in her body again?
Emotional affair recovery
Emotional affair recovery help.
Help with my “perfect” relationship!?
Question for Single Parents (who left their kids other parent)
Question for Single Parents
Mommy Issues?
Am I being lazy or do I have a valid reason to be annoyed with my parents?
Am I going crazy? Should I be suspicious?
(27f)(27m) Girlfriend thinks me playing video games with my friends is me not prioritising her.
Am I just being lazy or do I have a valid reason to be annoyed with my parents?
I (25f) have recently had a break up with my boyfriend (26m) of 6 years
My (23F) boyfriend (36M) says I wasn’t honest about my mental health soon enough
How do I(19m) get over my ex(21f) almost choosing another guy over me and then lying about it?
Should I (F24) tell him (M28) my birthday is coming up?
What are possible sex acts “less than intercourse”?
Relationships
My (22 F) parents (42 F, 44 M) are unbearable after the death of my fiancée (23 F) and I don't know how to cope.
My parents are worried because I make significantly more money than my partner, and they keep saying I should date other people so I can ultimately marry rich
Would it be wrong for me [25 M] to for to a poor country to date.
Me (23M) blocked by my ex (23F) on everywhere and unsure what to do
Do you ever feel just inherently unlovable?
I (25/f) don’t know what my ex (29/m) wants from me
I don’t know what my ex wants from me
Where do we find a sugar daddy boyfriend?
How do I (20m) start to repair my relationship with my step dad?
Will I ever get a girlfriend, or even have a wife?
I don't have a wife and I hate it
my (25f) friend (27 f) is obsessed with working out
I(16F) feel like an awful person and I don't know what to do.
Unsure [20F] how to go about breaking up with my bf [25M].
Submissive (?) Partner
How do I (20m) start to repair my relationship with my step dad?
I want to connect with an old friend?
Me [34 M] with my gf [31 F] 1 month, dealing with quarantine and lack of physical touch
I want to connect with an old friend?
My girlfriend left me , said we are done
I [29/f] want to spend more time with my live-in boyfriend [34/m] than he does with me and it’s created a power imbalance. Need advice.
What should I say to my fwb
How many people you’ve been with
Body count
I cannot help but feel like something is missing
My (18f) friend (18m) wants to leave because he keeps hearing strange noises in the house, but we can't go back home because of quarantine. What should I do?
This girl just darkens her eyelashes and maybe something else, nothing else just two little things maybe even only one!
My [21M] "friend" [20M] just posted an explicit photo of my sister [19F] on a group chat
I (23F) feel anxious about seeing porn forum activity on my partners (27M) phone
Girlfriend (27) didn’t tell me she was moving to a new state next year; male (26)
I'm scared my LD bf(26) will find out about my smoking habit and dump me
I accidentally PUKED on my man’s DIC*!!! 😳
How can I [24F] deal with friends [22-26M/F] who bring down other women to raise another woman up?
Me [28yro man] cannot handle Mother [49] - I need guidance!
I [21F] have a higher sex drive than my Bf [29M], he and I came to an agreement with porn. Advice? Is watching porn without masturbating worse than masturbating to it?
My [32F] boyfriend [31M] broke up with me 3 times in the last few 4 months but I convinced him to stay. I feel like I have no self-respect.
I [21F] have a higher sex drive than my Bf [29M], he and I came to an agreement with porn. Advice? Is watching porn without masturbating worse than masturbating to it?
Bf (28m) not supportive
I [18F] want to break up with my boyfriend [19M] of seven months...ft. maybe being gay
My (19F) BF's (19M) OCD is starting to cause distance
feeling sleepy makes gf angry
I (M18) haven’t felt desired by my girlfriend (F20) for months now
How do I [31 M] meet & date anyone when very unhappy with myself?
I(f15) have a superiority complex, it's starting to interfere with my relationships and I hate it
I [22M] not okay with my gf's [F22] enjoyment for risky, cliff edge, dangerous selfies
When the relationship (25F/M) is too silly?
Me [28yro man] cannot handle Mother [49] - I need guidance!
My (23) boyfriend (26) is so cheap when it comes to gift giving. Am I being petty?
I (29M) from the UK, have been single for a long time and have no close friends. How do I get back out there?
I want to move closer to my family but he does not
My boyfriend (26) doesn't like spending money on me (23)
Breaking up with girlfriend (f/30) due to sense of humour, how do I (f/27) do it?
I'm not sure how to help my (27/F) Mum (57/F) with my Dad and Nan
Has being in a relationship ever distracted or prevented you from achieving your goals?
Girlfriend masturbating insecurity. Any advice ?
Girlfriend masturbating insecurity
Insecure about girlfriend masturbating
My husband (35m) and I (31f) are approaching gridlock over our living situation
Toxic relationship, what to do?
My best friend and I (mid 20s m & f) joke around in ways that wouldn't be OK from other people. But it seems like other people use that as permission to be rude to me. Advice please?
Abusive relationship
I (24m) told my friend (23f) that I wasn't happy
I told my friend that I wasn't happy
Covid making new relationship complicated
Wish he made me feel sexy
Covid making new relationship complicated
My ex(24M) broke up with me(23F) two days ago and i cant sleep cuz i think its my fault
I(25M) think I should break up with my boyfriend(25m) but maybe I’m in the wrong.
He's married, but should I tell?
I am inlove and they don't feel the same.
My (29F) ex (35M) abused me for years and is now demanding I apologize to his new gf, who he left me for. Need advice.
My [22F] best friend (with benefits) is always asking me [21M] if I miss her, and it's annoying.
How can I get my husband (52M) to understand that one (me, 62F) does not feel talkative and lovey-dovey after being verbally abused?
Me [35 M] and my Wife [36 F] are disagreeing on life goals and financial aspects
I’m (25 M) more comfortable sharing my art with my girlfriend’s sister (23 F) than with my girlfriend (26 F)
I (M) am freaking out about an encounter i had just before getting with my current girlfriend.
I’m (25 M) more comfortable sharing my art with my girlfriend’s sister (23 F) than with my girlfriend (26 F)
How do I (F21) ask my BF (M23) if he is talking to his female friend who makes me very uncomfortable without sounding overbearing?
Girlfriend(24) of four years have broke up with me(24M) who is my classmate & thesis partner. How can I cope with that?
How do I make my husband understand that one doesn't feel talkative or lovey-dovey after being verbally abused?
(Burner account) Not sure what else I can do. Husband is upset that my family brings up my ex from time to time.
4 year relationship, when do you call it quits?
Terrible/No Communication - Need help
Good comeback after my (F24) ex-FWB (M28) made a stupid joke
I[30F] deeply unhappy and alone one year after an extremely abusive relationship with [29M] who is happy and thriving, how do I make peace?
Good comeback after my (F24) ex-FWB (M28) made a stupid joke
Me (f25) wants relationship with m28 - almost 4 months have passed
my boyfriend refuses to go to therapy but i dont think he's ok
Drop a sweet story between You and your SO
Terrible/No Communication - Need help
Been kind of slut shamed by family but I think my amount of dating is normal. Is there even a normal amount of dating for any one person?
Share your Sweetest Moments between you and your SO.
How do I [F20] get him [M20] out of my mind?
My girlfriend does not believe I love her body, based on what I watch online.. advice needed
What's a normal amount of dating for someone? Is there such a thing? F 28
4 year relationship, when enough is enough?
My boyfriend (40m) cheated on me (38f) about a week ago. We have been together for about 9 months.
I [17M] said I was hispanic in college applications, which kinda isn't true. My friends [17M] are pissed at me. What should I do?
My (19f) boyfriend (23m) has anger issues that he isn’t willing to work on. He recently acted out and hasn’t apologized and doesn’t want to talk. Should I confront him or leave?
I am spending my quarantine with my former wife, so we can both work/take care of our kid. But my relationship with GF is suffering. What can I do?
My boyfriend (40m) cheated on me (38f) about a week ago. We have been together for about 9 months.
My family likes to joke about me having dated a lot in my time, I don't think it's really that much?
I am spending my quarantine with my former wife, so we can both work/take care of our kid. But my relationship with GF is suffering. What can I do?
Should I [F/21] reach out to him [M/21] or just move on? Tired of the games we both play
I want to stop hating my father and be a normal happy family
What was the toughest obstacle/problem/betrayal the both of you had to overcome?
Being a single in 30,s is not a bad luck it is a global phenomenon
I (M20) feel like a POS
I’m falling in love with someone long distance
Am I (27F) Overreacting with BF's (36M) "Babysitter"?
Boyfriend (32M) may have COVID and he's upset with my distance (30F) what do I do?
Is there anyway I [M19] "take back" asking out a girl [F19]?
I think he (27M) has been cheating on me (25F) or is going to?
My wife has been depressed for a while and I'm getting frustrated because none of my physical or emotional needs are being met.
Should I tell her?
I hate my father and I really want to stop. Im 19f
Red Flags
Need advice on this long distance relationship
Need advice on this Long Distance relationship
Boyfriend (32M) may have the virus and is upset with my reaction(30F)
Is it okay to text an ex happy birthday?
It's a heavy weight sometimes
I (18M) am currently in my first relationship with a (19F), dating for 5 months, currently having a ton of feelings that I'm unsure of
missing someone who treated me badly
I (M30) Can’t Seem To Get Over A Girl (F33) Who I Don’t Want A Relationship With
Help us reunite 💔 She’s in Moscow (Russian passport, I’m in Belgium (Canadian and Dutch passport) How can we get together? Golden tip gets an invite to our wedding!
It’s a heavy weight sometimes
I'm [F21] feeling conflicted between my boyfriend [M24] and my roommate [F22]
Understanding Why I Can't Stop Thinking About Her
Ended by an Email just over 6 months ago. Drama, Toxic, Communication, Compromises, Commitment, Materialistic and other
I need your advice, please.
My [F21] friendship with my roommate [F22] is making me question my relationship with my boyfriend [M24]
Help in Decoding What Texts Really Mean
Former fling playing mind games .... help
I(20M) don't feel safe leaving my mother and sister with my mentally unstable father.
I'm sitting in my bathroom afraid of my boyfriend.
How do you know you’re falling out of love with someone ?
Why doesn’t he talk to me anymore
I(25F) have terrible relationship with my father.
Boyfriend (32M) didn't stick up for me (25F) when his friend humiliated me?
I(25F) have terrible relationship with my father.
SHE SAID SHE NEEDS SPACE/TIME TO HEAL
Relationship, Dating, Platonic relationship. Definitions, similarities and Difference and Relationship Goals.
My boyfriend is showing sudden interest in painting nails
Why are this kids trying to flirt with older woman?
Help, a moldy zucchini might kill my relationship!
Husbands unhealthy habits are driving me crazy, he’s on a fast track to early death
My boyfriend is suddenly showing interest in painting toes and nails
(20M) SHE SAID SHE NEEDS SOME SPACE/TIME TO HEAL (CAN YOU STILL BE IN A RELATIONSHIP AFTER CHEATING?!?!?)
I (21F) am considering breaking up with SO (25M) because of my mental issues
Should I break up with my bf because it's not the right time?
I (20 M) have reconnected with my high school ex (19 F), and while things are going well, I’m struggling to put the past behind me.
I (21F) am considering breaking up with SO (25M) because pf my mental issues
I (20 M) have reconnected with my high school ex (19 F), and while things are going well, I’m struggling to put the past behind me.
I (21F) am considering breaking up with my SO (25M) due to my mental issues
I think he (27M) has been cheating on me (25F) or is going to?
I (20 M) reconnected with my high school ex (19 F), and while things are going well, I am struggling to put the past behind me.
My brother (20M) masturbates in the same room as me (12M)
I (21F) don't understand why (23M) can't decided on the nature of our relationship
He [M, 38] went through my [F, 31] Facebook friend’s photos, found one of me and saved it. Is this a red flag?
REAL ADVICE NEEDED (22m) and (26m)
(f/16) how to handle jealousy in a relationship?
Being intentionally mislead about girlfriend's finances a reason to breakup?
[23/M 21/F Long Distance Relationship] She's trustworthy and sincere, yet suspicious and mysterious. I don't know what to do.
PLEASE PLEASE HELP! I (21M) received a text from my ex (20F) after a year What does she want?
My Girlfriend Developed Romantic Feelings For Her Best Friend And Now She Wants An Open Relationship
I(19M) feel like my wife(19F) takes advantage of me
Love
I(25/M) have to work with an old crush(25/F) that ended badly, how should I interact?
[Personal Advice] My boyfriend [23M] likes me more than I like myself [21F]...
I(25/M) have to work with an old crush(25/F) that ended badly, how should I interact?
My Girlfriend Developed Romantic Feelings For Her Best Friend And Now She Wants An Open Relationship
how do i (f18) say no to sex with him (m18)?
how do i (f18) refuse sex with him (m18) when it feels impossible?
I wrote a letter....Perhaps I should send it
I(19M) feel like my wife(19F) takes advantage of me
i (f18) can’t refuse to have sex with ex (m18)
Boyfriend (27m) broke up with me (23f)?
I wrote a letter....Perhaps I should send it
How can I deal with my boyfriend’s mistakes? Advice please?
I [34] F feel taken advantage of by partner [40] M
(31F) With two Children and I’m thoroughly interested in understanding the reasons, variables and preferences that affect a Man or Woman’s decision to date someone with Children
Am I(21M) over thinking or just being played stupid games by my girlfriend (21F)?
Am I (26F) crazy or do my boyfriend's stories (34M) not match up?
Boyfriend of 1 year not interested in getting to know me
Hello :0)
Why or Why wouldn’t you date a Woman with Children ? What are the Variables, preferences and insights that impact your decision
How do you cope with a partner who is very disorganized and doesn't care much about hygiene?
Am I (35M) going insane!?! Breakup.
I (m29) am jealous over my dads (m46) boyfriend. What do i do?
Am I (35M) going insane!! Breakup.
My (28f) sister (19f) told me she has a boyfriend (58m). I don’t feel comfortable with the age difference and don’t know how to handle it.
Did I [30/F] overstep the mark with my best friend [29/F] in relation to her son [2/M]?
Broken
My (31M) wife (30F) and I have opposing libidos. This is especially frustrating since I know her sexual history.
Please Help: I (21M) received a text of my ex (20F) after a year
My(29f) boyfriend(57m) left me out of the blue, we got back together after a month. All of a sudden he has a roommate (23f) and he asked for my help to pick out a 1500$ bed (hes broke af).
Can't stop feeling angry and resentful about boyfriend's comment on my taste-
The
Please help Ex (20F) texted me after a year (21M) and is in another relationship while she did
My girlfriend is popular and that makes me insecure.
I head my bf masturbating....
Is it too late for me (22F) to bring up that it makes me insecure when (27M) talks about his ex?
I(17M) am insecure about my girlfriend(17F)
Threw dirt in a little girl’s face. Then she brings it up 20+ years later...
I am insecure about my girlfriend
Is this cheating?
Am I(21M) being insecure or just being played a mind game by my girlfriend(21F)?
Is this cheating?
My boyfriend thinks I’m a 6/10. How do I deal with this?
Am I being insecure or completely understandable?
I (21F) am considering taking time away from my mother (F41) because she is becoming difficult to handle
My boyfriends mum hates me! Why, I hear you ask? I don’t know!
My bf (33m) and I (20f) rarely have sex yet he is always watching porn
Advice from a guy re: communication
bf started chewing tobacco
How can I get help without letting my abusive mother know?
My [18m] girlfriend [18f] wants to own and live on a farm in the country when she's older, I don't....
My [18m] girlfriend [18f] wants to own and live on a farm in the country when she's older, I don't....
Should I [21M] cut ties with my self life long friend [20M]?
I [24 F] am emotionally drained and at a loss as to how to encourage and help my Mother [50 F] better?
I [24 F] am emotionally drained and at a loss as to how to encourage and help my Mother [50 F] better?
We’re both doctors treating COViD patients. Should I [31F] confess to him [29] now that the risk of dying is higher than ever?
Breaking up?
How do I [41 M] break up with my [41 F] live-in girlfriend during this lockdown?
Threw dirt in a little girl’s face. Then she brings it up 20+ years later...
19f & 22m, he claims he wants to be with me but he doesn't really show it
My husband (30M) doesn’t get along with my daughter from previous relationship.
I had sex with a guy while madly in love with someone and now I really am feeling BROKEN. Help.
Girlfriend (21F) says I (21M) just want sex... What the?
My Husband (30M) hates my daughter from a previous relationship
Is love on its own enough, or is everyone practical, and should you be practical?
I (18 m) feel lost at university.
I dont know who to talk to and I actually dont want to talk about it anymore
How do I get over the fact that he might change for someone else?
Need help with being separated
Need to rant - ex is staying with me during quarantine day
I have a bf but want to break up, then there is this guy I talk to occasionally and won’t start a relationship with me until I’m broke up but will only talk to me for a week at a time, then says since I won’t break up w my dude he won’t talk to me.
Me (M23) and my boyfriend (M24) have been together for 4 years but made it official just recently and we just came out. Since we came out, he's become more queer and he'd send me pictures of hot guys and i feel insecure. Any advice on how to deal this?
I have a bf but want to break up, then there is this guy I talk to occasionally and won’t start a relationship with me until I’m broke up but will only talk to me for a week at a time, then says since I won’t break up w my dude he won’t talk to me.
Dear covid, you are the worst. You gave me a break from school, but took away the most important thing in my life. I hate your
Why did my [30/M] friend [30/M] block me on social media but is still acting like she cares?
Need advice please!
Will my extroverted bf (m30) stay happy in a relationship with my introverted, social anxious self (f27)?
Quandry of Two Loves
M(18) dumped by F(18)
Have a feeling that a girl [24F] had a booty call over after I [27M] left her place. Should I ask her about it?
Quandry Over Two Loves
Covid sucks
Need to get this off my chest
Not sure how to proceed with girl (20/F) that I (22/M) have been talking to for 4 months. She has recently become very distant. What should I do?
I (22f) was taken in by my uncle (50m) in my teens, I'd like to apologise and thank him, should I?
Worried about my [19 F] brother [16 M]
Tl;Dr i need tips on how to kill false hope after a breakup, so i can start to move on
I (16F) opened up to my mom (40sF) about an experience and left me very confused
My (20f) bf (33m) and I rarely have sex, but he is always watching porn. I don’t know if I’m right to be upset or discuss this with him.
My(25M) friend(23F) has been behaving so weird over the last 2 weeks
Career Change. No sex. Everything Changed. Virgin He doesn’t know.
Need help with potential relationship
Have a feeling that girl I like [F24] had a booty call over right after I [27M] left her place. Should I ask about it?
I need advice please!
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice or an honest no BS answer about my looks?
My boyfriend (38M) and i (22F) together during lockdown with our son (2M) going wrong
i got my heartbroken and got into another relationship to make myself feel better.
A ‘long distance’ relationship and not messaging
I'm (18M) feeling a bit frustrated and worried about my relationship with my girlfriend (18F) especially when we're texting
Man (35m) I'm (29f) dating says he thinks he's incapable of love
I (37M) fell for a poly woman (30m) who seems to be more interested in our friend (27M)
i got heartbroken and tried to make myself feel better by getting with somebody else.
I (30F) still feel burned over a year later
Can attraction be learned ?
Can attraction be learned
i got my heartbroken and got with someone else to make myself feel better
Can attraction be learned
How did getting back together with a long-term relationship ex go for you? [Serious]
Can attraction be learned
Was this guy wrong for no longer messaging me?
I (19M) cant stop constantly thinking about my ex (19F)
My (25F) bf(33M) is better than me at everything and I think he deserves better.
i got my heartbroken, and tried to make myself feel better.
I (19m) can’t stop thinking about my ex
Should I end our relationship or have another talk about it?
Words hurt more than physical abuse. Why is that?
I (33f) told my husband (40m) I was unhappy, and he flew off the deep end.
My (23f) step mother (f60) goes through my dad (55m) to tell me I'm upsetting her without talking to me about it and it's pissing me off.
HEALTHY relationship changes (2020)
Can’t stop thinking about my ex
My boyfriends mum hates me for an unknown reason!
Is there anything I (21F) can do to help my grandparents(both 70)?
I(28) added my ex (24) on facebook
I (28) added my ex (24) on facebook after 2 years.
How do I (22 F) get over my old fling (23 M) from college if we still talk every day
My (18m) girlfriend (18f) doesn’t want sex at all
I (22F) get anxiety when I talk to my (26M) boyfriend and it's worrying me. Am I crazy? I just don't feel as happy anymore but can't seem to take the jump and leave.
I (22F) get my anxiety triggered when I talk to my (26M) boyfriend and it's worrying me.
My (20F) gamer boyfriend (20M) wants to teach me how to play a video game that he always used to play with his gamer ex and it makes me feel insecure
Do you think relationships are pointless these days?
I (20F) don't want to engage in any activity with my boyfriend (20M) that he has done with his ex
My(17f) parents(mid 40s) have started(?) the divorce process and I’m not sure what do to
Me [27f] with my on off boyfriend [28m] 2 years strongly directly oppose political views.
My(17F) parents(mid 40s) have started(?) the divorce process and I don’t know what to do
Should I [F/21] reach out to him [M/21] or just move on?
Can two people having completley opposing political views even have a future? 27f , 28m?
My (25M) girlfriend (23F) is upset that I don't open up and I don't know what to do.
A story of red flags.
We only have sex at my place F(34) bc he(39) lives w mama
I'm a 22 yr old girl from india who wants to reunite with my dad
My (25M) girlfriend (23F) is upset that I don't open up and I don't know what to do.
PLEASE Help Me Understand
don’t know what to do
This is a story full of red flags.
don’t know what to do
I'm 22 year old girl from India who wants to reunite with my dad.
Lost and don't know if I'm (M21) scapegoating my GF (F20)
I‘m (f27) sad about bf‘s (m30) reaction to my social anxiety
A Bad Past
Friends with an ex
HELP IM ABOUT READY TO KILL MY BROTHER
A Bad Past
My [28F] new boyfriend [31M] revealed I’m the first girl he’s ever said I love you too. Should I believe him or am I being cynical?
How can I stop being insecure?
Is my girlfriend into my bestfriend?
How do I stop these insecurities?
Is my girlfriend into my bestfriend?
Friends with an ex
A Bad Past
How can I not feel nervous towards my cousin?
I’m [F20s’] spending my birthday in isolation - is it appropriate to ask friends to video call with me?
How can I not feel nervous towards my cousin?
How do you define ”clingy”?
a naive pansexual seeking advice on being sensitive to my new trans female love :)
How can I (25f) politely decline speaking to my brother (26m) again
How much talking/seeing each other is too clingy?
I dont know if I should Accept him back to the gang
Relationship advice
How to decline speaking with a brother (26m) I fell out with (25f)
My(F40) boyfriend (M40) has become distant since the lockdown/pandemic
I feel guilty for not letting my son(2) see his family
I dont know if I should restart our friendship.
Was I (F20) too drastic for cutting off communication with the guy (M20) I was talking to?
I feel guilt for not letting my son(2) see his family.
Wanted some help on building relationships and how to do it?
Wanted some help on building relationships and how to do it?
Let's play a game
Let's play a game
Tvkbcfhv
Friend wants large amounts of space and I don't know how to give that and still be close friends
22M needs help with relationship
Need Advice
I dont know what to do
Want to divorce to pursue a married man
Isolation is making me needy?
Need Advice
Looking for a sexual and loving relationship M4F
PI
I dont know what to do
How do girls stay single after a breakup?
I (21F) recently moved with my boyfriend (28M) and he is a little more aggressive and I don't know how to deal with hom right now
I dunno what to do. Any advice is welcome.
Hey fellas read this if you’re about to cheat
I [17M] can't get over my first gf's [17F] past
I [17M] can't get over my first gf's [17F] past
My (m25) girlfriend (f19) is in a different stage in her life then me and I don’t think it’s going to work out.
Looking for something different
I (M19) Might Have an Aunt (F38) In My Pants
My friends are against me because I have been wanting to spend time with my long distance girlfriend on the phone.
She (25F) has been feeling down and I (28M) don't know what to do to support or cheer her up
I Miss my boyfriend when he’s not Around, but we feel like shit and hate eachother when we do meet.
My friend (25F) has been feeling down and I (28M) don't know what to do to support or cheer her up
My friend (25F) has been feeling down/depressed and I (28M) don't know what to do to support or cheer her up
I want my 21F boyfriend 22M to give more attention to our relationship
Ghosted by a close friend and I feel lost and hurt
Miss my boyfriend when he’s not around but can’t stand him again the minute we reunite
Long Weekend Together: after he [30M] raises concerns out of the blue [32F]
My bf [38m] was accused of something horrible by his baby-mama, I [29f] am not sure what to do
I (16f) don’t know if I should break up with my boyfriend (16m)
Just need some perspective on whether or not I [26m] overstepped lines with my gf [23f]
My (25 F B) tinder crush is an ex racist (25 M W)
My (25 F B) tinder crush is an "ex racist" (25 M W)
I cheated on my girl but she gave me a second chance
Bf [38m] was accused of rape by his baby mama and I [29F] don't know how to navigate things
I (16f) don’t know if I should break up with my boyfriend (16m)
My (25FB) Tinder crush is an "ex racist" (25MW)
I (f21) involved in escalating situations with bf(M30)
(M21) had girlfriend (F22) show up at door with my stuff in a box to break up, can't stop feeling like it's all my fault.
Cheated on my girl but she gave me a second chance
Its difficult for me to feel things for my girlfriend
Just need some perspective on whether or not I [26m] overstepped lines with my gf [23f]
I’ve hurt my girlfriend emotionally several times and she ended up breaking up with me
I (M25) am having trouble finding a new longterm relationship.
My [29F] husband (30M) is extremely rude to me when playing video games
My husband (26M) wants kids..I (24F) am not sold..
I F(21) involved in escalating situations with M(30)
finally realizing you’ve found someone
My (32F) ex (33M) is dating what I considered a really good friend (32F)
SO not being understanding about my unemployment
I've hurt my girlfriend emotionally several times and she ended up breaking up with me
I miss emotional abuse
Coronavirus & configuring my long term relationship
My [29f] boyfriend [38m] didn't do anything when he heard me sobbing
I miss emotional abuse
SO not being understanding about my unemployment
Love my best friend like a sister, but she is becoming more insane, advice
Why, older men, why? (17F) & (52M)
Am I [23M] wrong for wanting personal time and not “making time” for my girlfriend [22]?
Should I [25M] confront my fiance [25F] about her jealousy issues?
Am I [23M] wrong for wanting personal time and not “making time” for my girlfriend [22]?
I feel like religion will eventually ruin my marriage
My girlfriend making me feel guilty for wanting personal time and not “making time” for her even though I do?
I(40s) upset with my mother(70s) for my personality issue and life situation
I (21F) might break up with my bf (27M) because he poops too much
Attraction to fake people?
My [20 M] father [52 M] whose erratic and unstable behavior frightens me, constantly attempts to manipulate me into coming and staying with him amidst the COVID-19 pandemic.
I can't move on...
My (22F) dad (50M) can’t stop calling my new boyfriend (22M) by my exes name?
Am I just being insecure?
Bf (24M) is stagnating and it’s getting to me (23F)
Am I just being insecure?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]? What should I do now
Told my [20F] boyfriend [42M] that I'm a virgin and now I'm feeling insecure
Bf (24M) is stagnating and it’s starting to get to me (23F)
I (19F) want to completely cut my aunt (49F) out of my life.
I still think of him
I [18M] had an affair with my mom’s closest friend [47F] and things are awkward now everytime she comes over
Family ties
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice or an honest no BS answer about my looks?
Family ties
I (32M) don't agree with GF (25F) wanting a break/to break up because she's stressed
I got into an argument with my girlfriend about her wanting to make an onlyfans, I nerf advice.
Getting bored of my girlfriend...
While she’s in the shower...
My mother[43F] is argumentative and it's putting a strain on the family
Is blood thicker than water? *trigger warning for those who suffered from abuse*
Guilty About Feeling Drained
My (22F) depression is flaring up and don’t know how to express my struggles to boyfriend (22M)
Deep down I want him back, but not sure it’ll happen. Anyone else in a similar position before? How did it end?
Question about apologizing (and open to the fact that maybe I need a reality check) [30F & 33M]
How should I reply to my ex’s (21M) text?
My (22F) friends (20sF) want access to my phone
GF(24F) and I (25M) are cute, but when is it too much?
Friends want password to my phone
Getting bored....
I (m18) have been unable to cry about my breakup.
GF (24F) and I (25M) of 4 years, still really cute to one another, but what's too cute and adorable?
I Honestly Don’t Know What To Do..
I[15M] am really not sure what to do after my ex [15F] broke up with me after a 4 month relationship.
How can I ask my boyfriend to be more affectionate?
I [21F] have recently realized I am romantically attracted to my friend [20 M]
My (21F) mum (41F) is becoming difficult to handle
Is he(M22) losing interest? What should I(F22) do?
How can I ask my boyfriend to be more affectionate?
My (19M) girlfriend(17F) and I are constantly fighting, I Need her gone but she has no where to go.
22F virgin and afraid to tell people
I need some advice for this thing I keep doing
I (26F) feel inadequate compared to my gf’s (28F) ex-husband.
[18]M Why do men have to approach in this type of situation?
22F v**gin and afraid to tell people
22F virgin and afraid to tell people
Should I (M16) still talk to this girl (F16) even after I got denied?
Should I (M16) still talk to this girl (F16) even after I got denied?
Am I (28F) asking for too much of my boyfriend (33M)?
How do you not let yourself get attached too quickly when talking to a new person? (20F)
My (19) gf (17) do nothing but fight, I want her gone but there's no where for her to go
Is it even worth still trying in this friendship?
Should I (M16) still talk to this girl (F16) even after I got denied?
How do you not let yourself get attached too quickly when talking to a new person?
Grandmother is posting on Facebook about how she wants my brother and I gone.
Should I still talk to this girl even after she denied me?
How do people get married?
My long distance gf of 2 years recently broke up with me and doesn’t want to stay friends. What should I do?
I (23M) am thoroughly confused as to whether I should end things with someone (20F).
Hi all,
Should I tell my [18/F] girlfriend [17/F] that she made the wrong decision? Or would it make things worse in the end?
New relationship outside of personal experience; advice welcomed.
Getting jealous and anxious for no reason, Just need advice on how to ignore this
I (17 f) think I was left by (19m) bf of 8 months for his ex.
Grandmother is posting on Facebook that she wants my brother and I to leave her house.
New relationship outside of personal experience, advice welcomed.
Covid-19 is tearing my relationship with (17/F) apart... PLEASE HELP
my long distance gf of 2 years just broke up w me and doesn’t want to stay friends, what should i do now
Is this normal? I need help
I (20f) have feelings for my close friend (18m) and I want to make it stop.
19M Need Advice
FHow to break up with bf (27M) during quarentine? I (24F) don't miss him, is time to break up?
S.O. Unsupportive During GOOD Times
Never thought it would come to this.
How to stop feeling heartbroken over a FWB?
How to deal with heartbreak over a FWB?
My (29,M) cousin (15,M) is acting out of control and out of character. Need advice please
Im worried my friends (20s M/F) will forget my birthday
How do I (22f) get over the guilt and pain of doing the right thing.
How to break up during quarentine? I (24F) don't miss my bf (27M), is time to break up?
How do I (22f) get over the guilt and pain of doing the right thing?
I can't stay in a relatioship!
How do I (22f) get over the guilt and pain of doing the right thing?
In this past year of sobriety, I’ve [26F] realized just how badly I owe my ex [28M] a sincere apology. Do you think that apology is worth re-hashing old baggage after 2 years?
Me [18 M] with my girlfriend [62 F] 8 months, are getting judged for us being together. How can I make this stop?
Is my gf lying to me?
Should I [25M] tell my friend [25F] that I have feelings for her, even if she's dating someone?
Trying to impress my mother
Is girlfriend lying about her period?
My girlfriend’s brother is weirdly attached to her. Is there any hope with this relationship?
I (22F) made my bf (22M) delete a girl he talks too on social media. Did I overreact and ruin things?
Does this count for friendships that I want to be a relationship?
Need Advice For How To Address My Feelings For Someone
Help me and my girlfriend (contest)
I feel like I might be seeing red flags (F 19) in my relationship with my (20 M) partner but am not sure.
I (39f) find it difficult to sleep beside my boyfriend (40m). He says that's a dealbreaker.
HOW DO I (F, 18) GET TRULY OVER HIM (M, 19)
Going to my dream school might end my relationship. Should I go?
My (24F) boyfriend's (24M) family calls/FaceTimes him multiple times every day
What to do when a guy ghosts you?
I (F27) am interested in buying a new "engagement" ring after three years of marriage to husband (M28)
I (19 F) feel like I am seeing red flags, and feel I’m being used by my (20 M) partner and don’t know what to do.
My (24F) boyfriend's (24M) family calls/facetimes him multiple times every day
How to talk to Men:Fifty-nine Secret Scripts To Melt His Heart, Unlock What He’s Thinking, And Make Him Want To Be With You Forever
how do you truly get over someone?
Why is it weird that my girlfriend's[19F] mom wants me[22M] to get a blood test done?
What to do when a guy ghosts you?
Why is it weird that my girlfriend's[19F] mom wants me to get a blood test done?
Has quaratine ruined your future relationship?
What to do when a guy ghosts you?
Why is it weird that my girlfriend's[19F] mom wants me[22M] to get a blood test?
I’ve [26F] realized in sobriety how truly terrible I was to my [28M] ex and believe I owe him a sincere apology, but I’m afraid that reaching out might do more harm than good
(How) should I approach this? (3rd uploading attempt)
Sometimes I think I should just be single.
Anyone have any good right person/wrong time stories where you found each other again?
(How) should I approach this?
Boyfriend used to be attached to me, now has lost interest in the relationship
Is this normal?
Me (45M) having an intimacy problem with my wife (38F), but...
(How) should I approach this now?
Accepting who I am.
bf loves me more than I do him
I kind of want to cut contact with my (20F) sister (23); she just asked if I would be her roommate
My partner keeps sneaking looks at my phone screen
Ladies, If you initially rejected someone who completely changed their image in a year, would you reconsider?
My girlfriend wants a break, and it’s hurting me so much. I need help
Jealousy over emotionally intense "friendship"--am I justified?
Should I (F 26) give up on my friends?
Should I (F 26) just give up on this friendship group?
My friend of many years suddenly decided that we shouldn't be friends. I'm worried about her.
My Friend Suddenly Decided That We Shouldn't be Friends Anymore. I'm confused and worried.
I (20f) love my best friend (20f) more than I should
My girlfriend wants a break, and it’s hurting me so much
My [23] parents [49] have split. I’m not sure what to do.
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) follows underwear models who look nothing like me
My mom (51F) called me (18F) a whore because my bra was ripped
bf love me more than I do him
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) follows underwear models on Instagram who look nothing like me
I have a toxic mother. Should I leave or stay?
I (18) wanna be friends with this girl (18) but i really don't wanna mess this up.
What are your first kiss stories?
My mom called me a whore because my bra was ripped
I have a toxic mother. Should I stay home or leave? (23M)
I can't stay in a relationship!
Who was wrong?
I really wanna be friends with this girl, but I don't wanna mess things up
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) won’t let me break up with him
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]? What should I do now?
My [26M] girlfriend [23F] said she loved me, is now not speaking to me
I (30f) just got dumped and kicked out by my (30m) bf
How to understand what a girl likes?
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) won’t let me break up with him
How can I(27m) be less "handys" to my wife(27f)?
Boyfriend (22m) is trying to make me (21f) get rid of cat. Is this OK for a partner to demand?
I(18f) don't know if I'm being manipulated by my boyfriend (18m) of six months
Trying to forget crush.
I (F17) feel psychologicaly trapped by my family (M57 & F13)
How can I (27M) be less "handys" to my wife(27F)?
How can I be less "handys" to my wife?
How do you deal when things trigger the pull of old love?
UPDATE: Boyfriend (22M) wants space or breakup? ps im so tired
I HAVE A JEALOUSY PROBLEM WITH MY BOYFRIEND
My mom grabbed my phone and checked everything and deleted all my social media accounts (whatsapp,facebook and instagram) without permission.
I (18M) love my GF (18F) too much & I don't know what to do.
I HAVE A JEALOUSY PROBLEM WITH MY BOYFRIEND.
Yyvyvtgvt
2nd date at his place??
Coworker (23f) with abusive boyfriend wants to cheat on him with me (25m)
My mom grabbed my phone and checked everything and deleted all my social media accounts (whatsapp,facebook and instagram) without permission.
I [26, F] get lonely when my husband [29, M] goes to sleep.
She (29F) views me (26M) as a best friend, but I want more.
I [24F] want to help my little brother [18M] buy his dream car, how should I go about it?
I [26, F] get lonely when my husband [29, M] goes to sleep.
Should I (F/24) break up with my boyfriend (M/29) right now?
I (35M) am still deeply in love with my ex-fiancée (35F) and want to tell her, but we are both married with kids.
Not sure if I (22 F) should stop talking to college fling (23 M) because he is hooking up with a new girl but hasn’t told me
I'm (F21) having relationship problems with a guy I'm not even dating..
I have relationship fomo?
I [20M] got into an argument with my girlfriend [20F] over her lack of regard for other people's feelings and ended up blocking her
I all the sudden have relationship fomo??
Can’t form meaningful relationships.
Not sure if I (22 F) should stop talking to old college fling (23 M) because he has a new girl but has not told me or acted differently
Am I just in another relationship with a girl who isn’t good for me?
How to become emotionally independent and emotionally self-reliant while in a relationship?
I can't tell his feelings
I (20M) broke up with my G(F)19 about a month ago, is it weird to check in on her?
Corona Came at the Worst Possible Time and I feel Completely Trapped
The girl [F20] that I [M20] really like stopped talking to me over the course of the past week, pretty sure she's just trying to focus on life stuff, need a sanity check.
What do I (m,22) do about my girlfriend? (F,23)
Ex messaged out of the blue after 6+ months of no communication. Resurfaced all the feelings I was just starting to get used to having supressed and I'm not sure what to think.
On the verge of breaking up with long distance (21F) GF, and I (21M) feel extremely guilty about it
Is social media really “just” social media?
Should I send my soon-to-be-EX a happy birthday text?
On the verge of breaking up with long distance (21F) GF, and I (21M) feel extremely guilty about it
How to become emotionally independent and emotionally self-reliant while in a relationship?
Bf (m24) wants to tell his mother about my (f24) trauma
Is social media really “just” social media?
M(30) and F(26) need help understanding what equality means.
Boyfriend (m24) wants to tell his family about my (f24) trauma (Please Help)
I (22F) am afraid of telling my dad about my boyfriend (21M) of 4 years
Boyfriend doesn’t want me using sex toys
I (33F) can't get over past jealousy/trust issues w fiance (36M) no matter how hard he tries
I (22F) am afraid of telling my dad about my boyfriend (21M) of 4 years and I don't know how to tell him.
My (27f) boyfriend (28m) gives me the cold shoulder all day after we have a disagreement
I (22F) am afraid of telling my dad about my boyfriend (21M)
my[17F] ex-boyfriend[16M] of 6 months and I broke up, and it resulted in him calling me a lot of names.
The girl [F20] that I [M20] like completely stopped speaking to me over the course of the past week, and I need a sanity check.
Coronavirus came at the worst possible time and I feel completely trapped.
I(18F) am losing interest in my boyfriend (18M) after he broke my trust
I (22F) made my bf (22M) delete a girl he talks too of social media and feel like shit.
22F and old hookup thing from college 23M, advice please
Is my (ex) bf a compulsive liar?
Husband won’t stop lying to me
I've (23f) developed feelings for a friend (23m) but think they might not be genuine. Has this happened to anyone before???
Husband won’t stop lying to me
Feel guilty about relationship with father
Is it okay to not tell my partner every single time I smoke
New to gay relationship, need advice
I (m29) think my brother (20's)is cheating on his fiancee (F20's)
My bf plays video games all day and ignores me, what do I do
My bf puts video games over me and I’m started to despise him for it
I need help!
My boyfriend is a Mama's boy and neglecting my needs
I (21M) want to break up with my GF (21F) for reasons she thinks are fake
My [29F] boyfriend [31M] has pretty much no sex drive anymore. Also other stuff.
My girlfriend(26F) is not jealous of me(27M)
I feel guilty for not wanting to be around my kids and want to change.
My girlfriend (26F) is not jealous of me (27M)
M (22) gfs (25) looking for someone to rate my gf on kik if shes hot
I feel all lost in my head over how I am around my kids...what do?
M (22) gfs (25) looking for someone to rate my gf on kik if shes hot or not
Childhood sexual abuse impacting what could be a healthy relationship between me (F30) and my partner (M31)
Just found out my(F34) husband (M36) had a kid he abandoned
My (22F) ex FWB(23M) now best friend told me he has feelings for me and I don’t know what to do
Am I (25M) being gaslighted or am I gaslighting my girlfriend (24F)? How do I know?
I'm (30M) Still Sad About Losing My Ex (27F) 4 Years Later, Is This Ok?
My(22F) ex FWB now best friend (23M)confessed he is falling in love with me and I don’t know what to do
Partner doesn't ask about my life in general.
My sister [17] acts like she’s all grown up fights with me [20] and my mom [46]
Introduced my friend to my other friends and now they are becoming friends without me ..
How do I (18F) bring up my noise issues to my family (56M, 50F, 15F) without sounding like a jerk?
Am I losing him? I'm completely lost myself.
Break up pain/anxiety (please give me advice)
Online dating and physical conditions
I [26/F] am feeling unhappy in my relationship with [23/M] lately and I don't know what to do.
Boyfriend doesn't put in as much effort, don't know how to bring it up
Did I make too big of a mistake or is he overreacting?
My (23M) girlfriend (23F) keeps calling me a cuck
My (23M) girlfriend (23F) keeps calling me a cuck
When is the right time to tell a potential dating partner about a physical disability?
Break up help (panicking)
My (23M) girlfriend (23F) keeps calling me a cuck
My (23M) girlfriend (23F) keeps calling me a cuck
I (20M) she’s (21F) we both got in heated argument. I did everything in my power to fix it but everytime I apologize it gets worst. (Fixed)
How do I (F24) stop hating everyone?
How do I make it up to/reconnect with my (23F) partner (27M)?
I’ve been having weird dreams of my ex. It’s fuckin kinda weird. Wtf is wrong with me?
Arguing with my mom's partner got her crying all the day...
Did Craigslist hookups affect my dating/platonic relationships? And am I a sex addict?
My boyfriend (M 22) thinks I (F 20) take too long to tell a story, could this become a problem in our relationship?
I (25m) want to break up with my girlfriend (24f) over her abortion. Should I do it now or afterwards
I (16F) am disgusted by my boyfriends (17M) body.
My boyfriend thinks I take too long to tell a story, is this a problem in our relationship?
Thanks to COVID, I'm [23m] realizing my girlfriend [23] isn't as perfect as I thought.
I love my boyfriend but i'm not sure what to do about this girl
Dating in Lockdown
She Dumped Me For Her Ex, Shattered Me Into Irredeemable Pieces
Any advice for me? (M16)
My (25F) mother-in-law unfoundedly feels that my husband (29M) is autistic. He thinks I made her mad at him.
Partner asks little about me.
Girlfriend thinks i don't prioritize her
I didn’t think it would get this bad.
Want to break off this friendship but I’m worried about the threats
She Dumped Me For Her Ex, Shattered Me Into Irredeemable Pieces
My mom destroyed my anime poster by vacuumimg it
The story of my mentally abusive ex boyfriend (and parents) - very long
Need advice on if I screwed up too bad or he's overreacting
Did I (25F) overreact by ending things with my bf (26M)
Boyfriend has trouble retaining information and has a big exam in a few months
My (20F) partner (22M) wants an open relationship
My (20F) partner (22M) wants an open relationship
Arguing with my mom's partner got her crying all the day...
How to release a partner who is both the very best and worst for you?
My [24F] Boyfriend [20M] Wants to Break Up, But I Don't
The new guy (28m) whom I (26f) have dated for 3 months bought my daughter (3f) expensive birthday gifts
Trouble Releasing a Relationship- He's the best and worst for me.
I [22M] can't get over my ex [24F], even if I have another relationship right now [21F] of 2 years
My (20F) Partner (22M) wants an open relationship
I (23M) went through girlfriends (23f) old texts and regret it.
Have you ever left a relationship with an alcoholic? When did you finally decide to leave?
I (F22) have feelings for a guy (M24) who I met off Bumble and friend-zoned me
I (M19) cannot stand being in a relationship with my gf (F17) anymore.
Advice
The new guy (28m) whom I (26f) have dated for 3 months bought my daughter (3f) expensive birthday gifts
My (m22) GF (f20) just admitted to me that she had a miscarriage a month and a half ago.
I [22M] can't get over my ex [24F], even if I have another relationship right now [21F] of 2 years
Homeless father (54)
My best friend is angry at me for not telling her about an event when she told me to not talk to her
How do I (24f) tell my over protective parents that I live with that I am moving out to live with my boyfriend (25m)
I am dumbly in love with this girl, yet it feels weird.
Homeless father
I (21M) yelled at my girlfriend (21F) to f*ck herself and called her a piece of sh*t
Advice on how to meet decent singles after divorce
I felt like a completely different person and destroyed whatever I had with a guy.
I am dumbly in love with this girl, yet it feels weird.
Boyfriend (20M) has little interest in sex and it's stressing me (20F) out.
Boyfriend (20M) has little interest in sex and it's stressing me (20F) out.
I (24, F) matched with someone (25, M) and we’ve been talking real great, and im scared im coming off as too friendly
how do i subtly flirt
My girlfriend (17) for one year broke up with me(M17) two days ago... What do I do?
My girlfriend (17) for one year broke up with me(M17) two days ago... What do I do?
I (31F) found out my boyfriend (35M) downloaded a dating app to see pictures of trans women and talk to them
I (21M) yelled at my girlfriend (21F) to f*ck herself and called her a piece of sh*t
How do I (21F) stop myself from running back to someone (M25) ?
Is it normal to fantasize daily about leaving my [F30] marriage?
(TW) Don't know what to do to help my Anorexic/Exercise-obsessed parent (55F) anymore
How do I stop myself from running back to someone?
Incompatibility thoughts of myself and my girlfriend, please advise.
I'm jealous of my ex girlfriend I'm 18M she is 17F
I can't stop being jealous of my ex, I'm 18M she is 17F
My best friend is angry at me for not telling her about a competition when she told me to not talk to her.
My girlfriend (24f) want an open relationship
I can't stop being jealous of my ex
I (F 23) have developed a huge crush on my boyfriend's ( M26) older brother (M28). How to move forward?
I (21F) don’t know if my bf (25M) loves me anymore.
He hates the way I chew
I (18F) found out that my boyfriend (21) hit his ex-girlfriend
I (20M) she’s (21F) we both got in heated argument. I did everything in my power to fix it but everytime I apologize it gets worst.
He [28M] says he doesnt ever have time for me [23F] and wont define us. Should I leave?
I (18F) found out that my boyfriend (21) hit his ex-girlfriend
Is my boyfriend playing with me?
Boyfriend seems into old friend
I (21F) don’t know if my bf (25m) still loves me.
My(25F) fiance(29M) of three and a half years insists on pronouncing the "Q" in "Quiche". How do I kill my inner Grammar Nazi?
I [M16] need a list of things to try out with my girlfriend [F15]
My boyfriend (24m) of 4 years doesn't want to move in with me (23f) and won't tell me why.
Growing a little irritated with my(26M) clingy girlfriend(24F)
I think I found the one, advice?
My (20M) gf (20F) gets upset that I watch porn and see nudity in tv shows.
I (20M) she’s (21F) we both got in heated argument. I did everything in my power to fix it but everytime I apologize it gets worst.
I [M16] need a list of things to do with my girlfriend [F15]
I think I found the one, advice?
I (20M) she’s (21F) we both got in heated argument. I did everything in my power to fix it but everytime I apologize it gets worst.
I (23F) have developed a huge crush on my boyfriend's brother. Unable to stop obsessing over him!
Mom is angry about me wanting to go back to living on my own for the fall when school starts again, keeps giving me doubts about my relationship
I (20M) she’s (21F) we both got in heated argument. I did everything in my power to fix it but everytime I apologize it gets worst.
36(F) feels inadequate in the eyes of 39(m) catholic boyfriend because I am not religious
I (25F) need my (24M) husband to help more And I’m not sure how to approach it with him
My mom is angry about me wanting to leave for the fall even though class may still be online and is putting doubts into my relationship again
I(16F) feel like I can be more romantic for my boyfriend(17M) but what are some cute things I can do?
Girlfriend (24F) is making me (27M) choose between her and my family. Is it time to end the relationship?
I (20M) don't know who to trust and I feel like 'friends' are blissfuly unaware of how manipulative and contradictive they are. Any advice on how to limit this negative, self-sabotaging world view? (Serious)
My (20M) gf (20F) gets upset that I watch porn and see nudity in tv shows.
I [30F] feel like my marriage to my husband [30M] might be in trouble. Advice wanted
Staying at home with my (22 M) mother (60+ F) has made me realize she's going off the deep end with conspiracy theories.
My [25f] boyfriend [26m] is hiding something... what should I do?
18 [F4M] just looking for some Sexting Fun TL;DR
My (26F) boyfriend (40M) admitted he’s jealous when I spend time alone - is this a red flag?
[30M] I feel like the girl I'm dating [24F] is too hot and I don't want to mess it up.
What other romantic things can I(16F) do that will make my boyfriend happy(17F)?
18 [F4M] just looking for some Sexting Fun
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice or an honest no BS answer about my looks?
My [24F] Boyfriend [20M] Wants To Break Up
I (22M) have anxiety about my (22F) Fiancé going out to have a girls night in a college town without me
My bf has depression and I dont want to be with him anymore
How to better our communication?
I(16F) love my boyfriend(17M) how do I show it to him?
Staying at home with my (22 M) mother (60+ F) has made me realize she's going off the deep end with conspiracy theories.
Me(16F) want to show my boyfriend (17M) that I love him how do I do so?
Fiancé wants to party
What do I (20 F) do when I lost all the interest in the guy I’m dating (22 M) ?
My (26F) boyfriend (40M) admits he’s jealous when I spend time alone...
I 22M have anxiety about my 21F Fiancé going to have a girls night out.
My girlfriend (24f) wanted an open relationship
[21F] Married against my will and in a relationship.. Guilt has overtaken my mind lately
What do I (20F) do when I lost all the interest in the guy I’m dating (22M) ?
What do I (20F) do when I lost all the interest in the guy (22M) I’m dating?
What to do when you loose interest in somebody?
How do we better our communication
I (20M) don't know who to trust and I feel like 'friends' are blissfuly unaware of how manipulative they are. Any advice on how to limit this negative self-sabotaging thinking? [Serious]
My (f22) boyfriend (22), now ex, has been looking at an underaged girls profile. help
i (22m) get so upset w my gf (21F) over the people she follows and why. meanwhile she says i’m just pushing her away.
Anyone else feel their heart thud when their phone pings at the hope and expectation it’s the one you love?
My(20F) boyfriend (21M) is lacking effort and I want to give up
My(20F) boyfriend (21M) is lacking effort and I want to give up
i (22m) get so upset w my gf (21F) over the people she follows and why.
does my Tinder date like me? i genuinely can’t tell.
My (25f) ex (27m) just messaged me, do I tell my boyfriend (26m)?
Why would he unblock me?
My husband(24m) has been watching porn behind my back when I've repeatedly asked him not to (19transman)
Yesterday was the final straw: is the man I am seeing gay?
I am dumbly in love with this girl, yet it feels weird.
I(26) just found out that my fiancé (28) has been sleeping with my best friend (25)
My (25f) ex (27m) just messaged me, do I tell my boyfriend (26m)?
My acne and skin is making me really insecure
I am dumbly in love with this girl, yet it feels weird.
My acne and skin is making me really insecure
Yesterday was the final straw: is the man I’m seeing gay?
My (24F) husband's (39M) ex-girlfriend (35F) contacted him and warned him about "how young I am"
Me [33M] with my lodger/flatmate [27F] - strongly believe continuing to go out + see friends during lockdown
My (20F ) boyfriend’s (23M) mother and sister are causing unnecessary drama constantly to the point where it’s pushing me away
Sociopathic girlfriend
I'm a 22 y.o. girl engaged to a 28 y.o. guy who keeps leaving me on seen!!!!
Sad and angry after ex friend’s selfish and competitive behaviour.
It was a bumble match and we have been talking for a month in this pandemic
Boyfriends (m26) past mistakes affecting the way I (f21) see the present relationship
Equal levels of attraction
My boyfriend is lazy and unhealthy and it’s making me unattracted to him
Housemate still refuses to leave apartment- potential COVID-19 carrier
Boyfriend’s laziness and unhealthiness is making me unattracted to him
My husband(24) has been looking at porn in secret when I've repeatedly expressed to him it makes me(19transman) feel extremely awful and inadequate
Sociopathic girlfriend
It was a bumble match and we have been talking for a month in this pandemic
Damn
My SO isn't into me
I (19F) don't know how to emotionally support my depressed boyfriend (22M)
Should I Be Hurt?
Leaving home
Housemate still refuses to leave apartment - potential COVID-19 carriers
Should I Be Hurt?
I (17M) might can't think if i have feelings for my ex's old friend (17F)
How do we (25F/25M) as a newly married couple set boundaries when moving in with his parents (50s M/F)?
Would it be wrong if I prevent my mom from getting back with my dad?
Should I Be Hurt?
Breaking up during a fight ? (23f) and (27m)
BF [19M] does not want to talk to me [16F] about our future together and it's crushing me
How do we (25F/25M) as a newly married couple set boundaries when moving back in with his parents (50s M+F)?
How do I [22f] deal with resentment towards my friends [22-28m] who make substantially more money than me?
How do I (25F) support my partner (31M) while he's going through a depressive episode?
I (18F) met a guy(19) almost a year ago. Few months later I went to café he worked at and he gave me a drink at a much lower price.
My (25F) Bf (35M) yells at me for taking too long in the shower
tl;dr I (18F) met a guy (19M) at the café. Few months later I went to café he worked at and he gave me a drink for a much lower price.
I (18M) feel uncomfortable with the relationship with my “friend” (20F) -ex gf- . Help.
I (18) met a guy (19) almost a year ago, and liked him. Few months later I went to the café he worked at and he gave me a drink for a lower price.
My Toxic Friendship (2)
Does he (19) likes me(18)?
When to bring up kinks?
I guess my best friend doesn’t care about my feelings anymore?
My (32m) GF (32f) fondly shares stories of her recently passed dad, but to me the stories always paint him as not a great guy. Makes me uncomfortable and I don't know what to say.
I (24/f) have been waking up inconsolably angry and irritable lately and it’s starting to ruin my relationship with my fiancé (27/m).
Confused if my boyfriend and I broke up?
Does he like me?
F20 and M20 worrying about eachothers sexual pasts
My (20f) boyfriend’s (23m) mother and sister are destroying our relationship
My cousin that’s living with us is making my life hell
How do y’all feel about SO snapchatting other people?
I (23F) feel like I don’t belong in my family
Couples argument during Covid-19
Am I in the wrong for telling my best friend how I feel?
How do y’all feel about SO snapchatting other people?
How do I (25m) get out of a chastity device after lying to GF(25f)
How do I (25m) get out of a chastity device after lying to GF(25f)
My ex is back
My (M17) crush said she (F17) liked me back but I’m unsure how to proceed
Me [31/F] with my 6 [M] baby boy, he refuses to eat the food i cook him now. We can only afford instant noodles. Since Trump came into power he cut all our benefits and all our money goes to medical care. I am so dad i can only offer him noodles, but we cannot do anything else now. All is over.
Non romantic: Should I let go of my needy, depressed friend of 8 years?
I(26)Just found out my fiancé (28) has been sleeping with my best friend (25)
My (M22) Girlfriend (F22) and i have this problem when it comes to watching certain films and it's affecting me negatively (Please read the text)
My boyfriend (M20) broke up with me (F20) but changed his mind
My Girlfriend has problems with movies we watch together
My boyfriend isn’t willing to move out and it’s making me question our whole relationship.
Non romantic: How to deal with needy, depressed friend of 8 years?
My cousin that’s living with us is making my life hell
Would I be the asshole if I prevent my mom from getting back together with my dad?
I (19F) am not sure I want to be with my boyfriend(24M) after the pandemic
I used dog psychology on a person I dated... and the dumped him when it worked
Would I Be The Asshole if I prevent my mom getting back with my dad?
I (M22) need to know how to help my gf(F22) of three years
I (M22) need to know how to help my gf(F22) of three years.
I (F20) still miss my ex friend (M19)
My(29) boyfriend(31) blames himself for killing my drive to create art, and I don't necessarily disagree with him...
Just found out my fiancé has been sleeping with my best friend
My [20F] boyfriend [26M] his obsessed with money
F(32) , too much chemistry with co-worker
My (f25) boyfriend is not able to finish during sex and now has doubts about our future
What would you do?
How am I supposed to feel? Happy? Sad? Relieved? Was I in an abusive relationship? I’m not sure.
How do I keep matches more engaged on Apps
Why is my boyfriend dishonest with me and putting up a pretence?
Why is my boyfriend dishonest with me and putting up a pretence?
Karachi Pakistan a place to Rest In Peace?
Me (f 24) and my husband (23) have been growing distant lately, and I’m wondering how you know it’s a lost cause to continue trying to make it work, when it obviously isn’t working.
Me (f 24) and my husband (23) have been growing distant lately, and I’m wondering how you know it’s a lost cause to continue trying to make it work, when it obviously isn’t working.
I (31f) walked out of the room, so it's okay for him (30m) to ignore that I'm depressed?
Was I in a emotionally abusive relationship?? I don’t know honestly what to feel or anything.
Come help a fragile heart
Do I [20F] really love my current partner [22M] or is it something else entirely?
After six years with my boyfriend (26 M), I (24F) feel as though we’ve lost our spark. I just want to connect with him more meaningfully again.
My (17M) boyfriend and I (18F) broke up because he had feelings for another girl. He says that he still wants to be friends with me. I'm confused as to what I should do.
I [18M] Do not have a relationship with my mother [37F]
Should I get back together with my ex? I am not sure what to do.
I'm [F/26] way too co-dependent in relationships
My gf doesn't know what to do with me
26(m) After 3 years with my GF 26(f) I dont feel happy anymore
My gf doesn't know what to do with me
Accidentally told my friend [23M] that I [22F] was in love with him - 2 days before pandemic
I (28F) am getting worried about the guy (26M)) I have been seeing for a month and a half.
The rest of my (30/F) friend's (32/F) bridal party has decided we're all going to pitch in five thousand for a surprise wedding gift for the couple given that the wedding has been canceled due to the pandemic.
I (28F) am getting worried about the guy (26M) I have been seeing for a month and a half.
I'm dangerously co-dependent in relationships
I [26f] think I am being ghosted by the man [28m] I was seeing after almost 5 months
Death in her family
Death in her family,and I have no idea how to support her. Advice?
Am I being unfair? My partner asks me to leave the communal living area so he can play video games with his friends.
Death in her family,and I have no idea how to support her. Advice?
Girl I’ve been intimate with for past 2 months claims we we are always just friends. Very confused.
How can I help her?
Not sure if I [29F] am the problem in my relationship or if he [32M] is
Extremely anxious on lockdown with husband’s family due to home-sickness and other issues. (26 MF, 5 years)
My(19M) girlfriends(23F) co worker is judging our relationship because of our age gap and how young I look.
Should I make peace with the fact that the person I love (my ex and best-friend) doesn't trust me and there's always gonna be a dent in our relationship or should I end everything and move on?
I [F20] think I'm falling out of love with my boyfriend [M24]
Girl I was seeing for 2 months claims were always just friends after we were very intimate
What on earth is this???
My boyfriend won’t respect my boundaries
Women who settle down get no sympathy from me
19m need some help with getting a gf
Confused like hell
Wife (28F) is Disappointed with How I Handle My(31M) Younger Brother(25M)
I don’t know
I [29M] is pissed off with my buddies
I [30M] feel as if I came across undignified
How can I help someone who is dealing with a sibling who is suicidal?
Is this controlling of me?
Am I [28/F] stupid for trusting a guy [26/M] I've known 2 months about his history with his friend is history?
How can I help someone dealing with someone dealing with depression/suicidal thoughts.
How do I [22M] get my peer [37M] to not move across the country "because he's in love" with some boy [25M]
How do you know that you have forgiven somebody?
Shes Great - But we Broke Up. New to relationships and confused whether I did the right thing?
How do I [22M] get my peer [37M] to not move across the country "because he's in love" with some boy [25M]
I'm (17M) jelaous for my GF's (19F) friends even though I understand there's no reason to be.
Ami being unfair? I work from home and am being sent to work alone in a bedroom so my partner can use our communal living room to play video games and chat with his friends.
My boyfriend won’t respect my boundaries
My mates (29M) girlfriend (23F) might be pregnant with my (29M) child
My(M20s) girlfriend(F20s) doesn't seem so exciting anymore although objectively is perfect.
So i ended thing with my gf and i don't know how to feel anymore
So I ended things with my gf and i dont know how to feel anymore
Found amazing relation story looking for update only to see it was deleted i need help finding what happened
My (M22) girlfriend (F21) of 1.5 years feels our relationship won't last because of my controlling parents.
Can anyone find this crazy post for me. Please this story is amazing and it was deleted
My mates (29M) girlfriend (23F) might be pregnant with my (29M) child
Do I go back and try to make a person love me again after they stopped?
How can I (38F) help support my sister (35F) from her emotionally abusive husband during quarantine?
Do I go back and try to make a person love me again after they stopped?
Do I go back and try to make a person love me again after they stopped?
I (36f) think my fiance (33m) is emotionally cheating *help*
Feelings for a friend during quarantine
My fiancé constantly touches me
GF obsesses love for me, extreme mommy issues... then randomly attacks me. What should I do??
I (30F) feel guilty for wanting to break up with my boyfriend (25M)
I read something I shouldn’t have.
My [17f] brother [17m] frequently naps in my bed for no reason. Should I tell him seriously to stop?
Developing crush on a friend during coronavirus
I think I started to have depersonalization episodes when I fight with my boyfriend and I don't know why and how to handle them
My (F21) BF (M22) won’t stand up for me when I mention it
I (36F) think he (33M) may be emotionally cheating
I (26) Can't smell my partner (22) or anyone who I love. Am I very self-centered?
My boyfriend shows no interest in me romantically
Helo
Seeking opinion
My boyfriend doesn’t show interest in me romantically
Me [25/F] and my little brother [11/m] have been sheltering in place for a month now
I [22 m] need help battling my ego in my relationship
I've (26M) have been talking to this girl (28F) for almost 3months and she's starting to hold back and idk why.
How to get over an ex of 8+ years that I've highly over romanticized
I've(26M) been dating this girl (28F) for almost 3months and she's holding back now and idk why.
Can't smell my partner or anyone who I love. Am I selfish and very self-centered?
Help
My (24F) boyfriend (28M) doesn't talk to me as much as I would like. I think I'm the problem and would like some advice.
I don't know what to do and i need advice
Gf is starting to push back and idk why.
Girlfriend (F30) of 4.5 years is leaving me (M26) and and doesn’t want to go to court over our son or the house. She “doesn’t love me anymore”...
A girl (19F) that I (22M) was seeing has suddenly gone cold and just wants to be friends
I [22M] live with my mom [67F] and am pretty sure she is going to the grocery store every week or so without telling me despite us ordering online food and having enough. I don't know how to approach the topic with her.
Not missing boyfriend in lockdown
Advice Please!
My husband (24M) has been buying porn and I don’t know what to do.
Is buying porn cheating?
I've been having sex with my 25 year old son for 2 years and it's the most intoxicating experience I've ever had
I've been having sex with my 25 year old son for 2 years and it's the most intoxicating experience I've ever had
How can I (21F) properly handle this situation with my boyfriend (21M)
My wife is "disappointed" with how I handle my brother and I'm stressed AF.
[32M] with 32[F] - Working from Home - Isolation - Separation - Divorce - Very Long
My Wife(f28) is "Disappointed" With How I(m31) Handle My Younger Brother(m25).
my girlfriend told me she had an abortion 2 years ago. I'm a bit worried about her
Guy I’m seeing (31M) confessed to still being on dating apps, not sure how to respond
I (15M) feel like my sister (12) and I are isolating our other sister (10)
Male perspective needed!
My (26M) girlfriend (27f) broke up with me out of left field yesterday
[32M] with 32[F] - Working from Home - Isolation - Separation - Divorce - Very Long
3 years coming up
(30m)(27f) My boyfriend kept going on about how much he enjoyed his exes during an argument with me about sex.
My (21f) bf (23m) are fighting and we need to work on our communication and I on my comforting skills
I[F20s] am weirded out by the amount of porn my SO[M20s] watches.
I (20M) dont understand what my ex gf (21F) is trying to do and need advice.
I (20M) dont understand what my ex gf (21F) is trying to do and need advice.
The guy I'm dating and I are not on the same page about using protection.
Male perspective needed!
“It just three words”
I[24m] Cheated on my girlfriend[23f] and fucked up.
My [18M] friend [20F] wants me to stay with her so she wouldn’t be alone for now, would it be wrong of me to initiate sex with her?
The guy I'm dating and I are not on the same page about using protection.
My mom (F51) is verbally and sometimes physically abusive to me (F24) since my relationship with my boyfriend (M26) and I don’t know what to do
How your overall HEALTH influences your relationship
My mom (F51) is verbally and sometimes physically abusive to me (F24) since my relationship with my boyfriend (M26) and I don’t know what to do
I need advice from male perspective!
Lost both of my friends in a messy triangle. TL;DR below
How to approach old elementary school friend who incessantly messages me over Facebook?
Do you think you could ever take someone back if they have truly reformed..?
Should I dump my best friend?
Can't make friends because I'm unemployed?
I (24 F) saw my coworker (25 M) on tinder
my girlfriend told me she had an abortion 2 years ago. I'm a bit worried about her
How to get over someone you love so much?
Should I be angry at my friend's for this? Do I need new friends?
I (17M) wonder a woman would turn down a man or leave a man because of a physical disability
GF obsesses love for me, then attacks me random, mommy issues... where do I stand?
Do you think I overreacted?
I (17M) wonder a woman would turn down a man or leave a man because cause of a physical disability
Do I need to get better friends or am I in the wrong
My (27F) boyfriend (30F) and his ex (30F) are best friends and I can’t accept it anymore.
So this girl I like (15f) is really different online vs real life.
My gf is busexual
I (17M) wonder a woman would turn down a man cause of a physical disability
I (23F) want to move forward with my bf (24M) but don't know how.
Why do I (Female btw) get bored of being in perfect relationships and crave chaotic ones?
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]? And what should I do now?
My gf is bisexual
My gf told me that she likes both genders
FWB with ex girlfriend (30F). Should I (28M) just get the fuck out?
I(23F) and Him(23M) dated for 6 months and I still love him after a year but he has a Girlfriend now.
GF obsesses over me then attacks me, mommy issues.. where do I stand?
I (23F) want to move forward with my (25 M) bf but don't know how.
I(23F) and Him(23M) dated for 6 months and I still love him after a year, even if he has now a GF
I started talking to someone but we're in different countries
My (30f) boyfriend (31m) went to a gay sauna behindy back
Getting over anxiety in a relationship 19M and 18F
I can't get over the injustice he did to me through the relationship and through the break-up. What can I do to accept and move on?
Advice needed: coping with an ex's new partner and moving on
I [27F] believe I have just experienced an early miscarriage. Didn't know I was pregnant. How do I discuss this with my partner [29M] of 1.5 years?
My romantic life is like a dramatic high school movie
We dated for 6 months and a year after I still have feelings for him even if he has a GF now.
Advice needed: moving on, during lockdown
I got mad and told my MIL to get COVID and die and now both she and my wife have moved out
When should I [25F] tell my parents [45F&M] that I'm planning on moving out?
girlfriends being distant
girlfriends being distant
Thinking about breaking up with gf that lives with me. (Both 25F) How to do after quarantine?
Is he a cheater? Should i believe him?
What should i do?
Perfect girl
My mom wants me(30F) to confront my brother(35M) about not treating me well as kids.
My mom wants me(30F) to confront my brother(35M) about abuse, ignoring and buyllying me as kids.
Would you message her?
My mom wants me(30F) to confront my brother(35M) about sexual abuse, ignoring and buyllying me as kids.
I (14m) feel nothing for my mom (36f)
Dealing with friends and family with strong apposing views such as anti-vaxx, racism and harmful religious values?
What can I even do?
I (F20) still miss my ex friend (M19)
Feeling of being cheated on or am I just overthinking??
My girlfriend (27/f) broke up with me (25/m) because we had many arguments
Replying to an ex and telling someone you're currently dating?
HELP - My (23F) ex-partner (22NB) just told me I’m a gaslighter. What do I do?
How do I (25f) tell my partner (25m) of 11 months that I may have HPV?
Replying to an ex and telling someone you're currently dating?
Dealing with friends and family with strong apposing views such as anti-vaxx, racism and harmful religious values?
I miss my ex friend (M19) while I'm (F20) in a relationship
My GF has worsening depression and I am the only one who know about it. She has attempted suicide before.
My (23F) boyfriend (27M) kind of cheated on me and I'm unsure if the relationship will survive
TL;DR Lost both of my friends in a messy triangle. Unsure how to cope now?
Dealing with friends and family with strong apposing views such as anti-vaxx, racism and harmful religious values?
My (23F) boyfriend (27M) kind of(?) cheated on me and I'm not sure if it's worth trying to fix
He (24M) keeps saying he isn't ready for a relationship
My girlfriend's twin flame.
I(22/f) am having a hard time not lurking my bf's(30/m) social media again even though I think he's great now I'm not sure if my reason is based on quarantine or old issues but I want to stop
I miss my ex friend but I'm in a relationship
Mismatched ambition in relationship 28(F) with 46(M) Can it work?
My GF has worsening depression and I am the only one who know about it. She has attempted suicide before.
TL;DR Lost both of my friends in a messy triangle. Unsure of how to cope now?
If you are dating a guy who’s in his mid 40’s (I’m in my late 20’s) and doesn’t have a set career and ambition somewhat stunted, would it be enough to break up with him?
Lost both of my friends in a messy triangle. (16f)
Can I trust my friend? Or am I being unreasonable?
My girlfriend's twin flame.
If you are dating a guy who’s in his mid 40’s (I’m in my late 20’s) and doesn’t have a set career and ambition somewhat stunted, would it be enough to break up with him?
I (22/f) am having a hard time not lurking my bf's(30/m) social media and making myself paranoid when I think he's actually amazing now
My (F22) boyfriend of 2 years (M27) doesn't post pictures of us.
My (22F) boyfriend (20M) told me to “shut the f*** up” over calling him a nickname.
My (22F) boyfriend (27M) of 2 years in June doesn't post any pictures of me at all.
Lockdown has put things into perspective.
Being forced apart during Lockdown has made me realise i'm really not that into it.
Should I (30F) give this relationship a chance?
I think my [18M] girlfriend’s [18F] sexuality is tearing us apart
I think my [18M] girlfriend’s [18F] sexuality is tearing us apart
Did I overreact towards my boyfriend?
I love a married man more than my boyfriend
23m boyfriend tells family private details about our relationship and my personal life
How do I play the game but not games?
Opinions required, am I overrreacting?
My feelings towards my crush feel like a metronome
OPINIONS REQUIRED, am I overrreacting?
My feelings towards my crush feel like a metronome.
23M boyfriend telling family things I tell him in confidence
I (17f) gave him (18m) a blowjob and he didn't offer to do anything for me
How do I(20M) deal with heartbreak
Mum is essential worker. Won't let me do school at home. How do I get her to let me (15M)
Gf got upset and drunk and pulled a knife on me next to her..
I (22F) am becoming increasingly disappointed with my best friend (22F) and don't know how to bring it up
I don’t love him but I’m scared of being alone
Just a little confused...(18M)
My[F22] bf keeps finishing SO quick eventhough he[M26] says he lasts 10 min with other girls.
I (24M) had to leave my Fiancee (25W), gave her a second chance and now i'm dying inside
Just a little confused...(18 M)
Xfxdrxdx
Toxic Realtionship?
How do I tell if a girl is into me?
Social distancing creating tension between my SO and mother
How do you find a relationship when you're horny and sex matters and you're a woman and NOT COOL with hook up culture? Where are all the men that are skilled at making women feel sexually comfortable and open?
Social distancing and my SO don’t mix
im looking for someone to meet, maybe marry someday, im 21F.
i (19f) slept with my best friend (21m) who has a girlfriend (22ish f)
Advice on coping with boyfriend and I of almost a year's situation right now? Long Read
I (24M) can't see a future long term with my girlfriend (27F) of 6 months, is this normal or do I take action?
Feeling like being single forever
Feeling like being single forever.
My Toxic Friendship (1)
Can't help but feel sad over my boyfriend and I's relationship during quarantine, how do I work on preventing this?
Feeling like being single forever.
My Toxic Friendship (Part 1)
Question: How much of your ex should you or your partner still carry with them?
I (24M) had to leave my Fiancee (25W), gave her a second chance and now i'm dying inside
How Do I [16F] Get Over My First Love [16M]
I feel like I don't know how to get a girl to like me, is there anything I can do?
I [24 M] have a friend that is super needy and annoys me [23 M]. What do I do?
My Toxic Friendship (Part 1)
How Do I [16F] Get Over My First Love [16M]
A love I've harbored for another since 2013.
arguing with girlfriend
My coworker (38F) says that I (23M) am clueless
My boyfriend likes to bite me and I wonder if there's a reason behind it.
Keep arguing with my girlfriend
Friend (24F) doesn't do any chores while we're in quarantine. How do I not dislike her?
Am I (23M) as clueless as my coworker (35F) says I am?
I feel like I don't know how to get a girl to like me
I (24F) am in love with my boyfriend (23M). Am I foolish to think this type of feeling will last?
WHY WON'T SHE DO CHORES DURING A GLOBAL PANDEMIC
Are any of you still in love with your significant other?
Quarantine is letting me miss my ex
The fathers (50, 31 m) of my (30f) sons (7&5 m) pit them against each other.
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]? And what should I do now?
I [28M] am frustrated with love and I'm giving up on it.
She has kept ignoring me from yesterday and I am mentally exhausted today, what do I do about this? [queue]
She has kept ignoring me from yesterday and I am mentally exhausted today, what do I do about this?
Emotional immaturity is killing our relationship
I (23M) am having trouble getting over my ex (24F)
Dating Sisters Best Friend
My friend has been acting different ever since I said I liked him
How do I deal with a know-it-all boyfriend who doesn’t know shit?
do y'all believe in soulmates?
My girlfriend reads into my inability to draw her face.
Was he [M/21] just looking to sleep with me [F/21]? I’m confused
is my moms bf sexually harassing me?
Sexual harassment from moms boyfriend
Borderline sexual harassment from my moms bf?
I [f] (early 20s) think I am in a relationship with a narcissist [m] (late 20s). What do I do now?
Dating / boyfriend issues during lockdown.
I (39F) feel like my husband (40M) has anger issues, just not aimed at me. But now we have a kid (2M) and I am kind of scared of the type of dad he is going to be.
I (38 M) am wondering if women are pickier eaters than men
Are women pickier eaters than men?
Are women pickier eaters than men?
How do I (27F) know if the woman (29F) I've been seeing is actually interested in a relationship.
My mother's pettiness is ridiculous.
Controlling mother problems
Am I (33F) irrational for intermittent outbursts about my fiance (36M)s past interactions with his ex?
How can you tell when she is playing hard to get vs not interested?
How to overcome distrust of BF after finding out he lied
Help. Found trans/bi dating apps on my straight bf’s phone
Was I being used?
Was I being used? Or is this commitment-phobia?
My girlfriends past is hounting me
Do I have a right to be upset?
I [20M] am in a foreign country stuck in quarentine, with sour relationship with my roomate [23F] after we had sex. She has a boyfriend [?M].
Dreaming with my ex.
Toxic friend advice
My girlfriend (25F) not very interested in me (25M). Please help.
I (30 yo F) and my (32 yo M) husband are newlyweds and my best friend moved into our house..
Roommate bringing people over [24 m]
I recently found out my [26] girlfriend [26] of 2 years was not satisfied with me in our sex life. I'm disappointed in myself and don't know what to do about it.
What percentage of legit short women are with tall men?
My [31M] Mother [65] keeps taking our conversations to a sexual place, and I'm sick of it!
I (32F) found out this guy (34M) I’d been chatting with is actually married and I told his wife. Was I wrong to get involved?
Am I crazy for wanting my boyfriend to spread out the bedcovers?
My girlfriend (25F) not very interested in me (25M). Please help.
I (24 F) saw my coworker (25M) on tinder
I found out my GF (27) had met exes without me (M26) knowing. Am I overreacting?
Couples who separated amicably, what did you timeline look like?
My Girlfriends past is hounting me
Tally marks are driving me crazy.
I (F38) broke up with (M33) due to trust issues, negging, and fear of being infertile
Should I (m31) tell my married (f23) co-worker that I'm falling for her ?
My (F20) boyfriend (M24) is being really clingy with his best friends cousin
Should I (M31) tell my married (F23) co-worker that I'm falling for her ? (Serious)
My partner (M24) is very self-involved and I (F25) resent him for it
Need Advice on How to Handle Unrequited Love
I, 18f Dumb b*tch straight gorl (?), really want one more chance with dream gorl (20f)!! Advice plz !!
Am I f (28) being too sceptical about fiancé m (29)?
Lesbian appears to have deep romantic feelings for Male: unresolved soul connection
Coworker on tinder
How to politely tell someone you aren’t interested without being mean??
I [M42] don't know how to tell a colleauge [F23] how I feel about her.
I recently found out my [26] girlfriend [26] of 2 years was not satisfied with me in our sex life. I'm disappointed in myself and don't know what to do about it.
My husband had a dream I cheated on him with our friend who is staying with us
How to politely tell someone you aren’t interested without being mean??
I, 18f Dumb b*tch straight gorl (?), really wants one more chance with dream gorl (20f)!! Advice plz !!
I am in an almost perfect relationship and I feel like I am not happy
Would you stay?
Ladies if Reddit, have you ever slapped a boyfriend?
Ladies if Reddit, have you ever slapped a boyfriend?
Saying I love you for the first time over text?
Is it possible for a lesbian to romantically love a Male extremely deeply?
I (25M) have been chatting with a redditor (26F).
Dumb b*tch straight gorl(?) really wants one more chance with dream gorl!! Advice plz !!
My husband had a dream I cheated on him with our friend who’s staying with us
Looking for advice on a situation.
My boyfriend (M24) is self-centered and I resent him for it (F25)
I [M20] am feeling super disillusioned by my relationship with my partner [F20] of 7 years.
Am I (26F) being crazy and controlling about my boyfriends (28M) female friend (28F)? Or is he crossing the line?
After our "phone-call-date", I [22M] realize I have a really good match from Hinge, but am disappointed and afraid of losing any potential due to quarantine
I(19F) can’t figure out if it’s just a rough patch or time to call it quits with my boyfriend (20M)
Ladies, my (35M) fiancee (29F) told me if I cheat on her...
I [24M] need help deciding if my roommate/friend [24F] is into me.
My [24yo F] boyfriend [29yo M] says he is feeling smothered and has asked for space. Looking for an outsiders perspective!
My [24yo F] boyfriend [29yo M] told me he feels smothered and I don’t know what is going on.
Saying I love you for the first time over text?
How Do I Communicate my Future Preference for an Additional Partner to my Significant Other?
Ladies of Reddit, have you ever said this to your fiance?
By bf (25) prefers to watch/talk to cam girls over me
I know he's 'The One', but are we ever going to get together? - Long distance confusion!!
Is this a normal way for a boyfriend to act?
What kinds of things can I [25f] say to my friend [25f] whose sister [27f] passed away to make her feel better?
My boyfriend’s body count bothers me...
I need to know how my boyfriend is accessing my iMessages with out me knowing. BUT HOW IS HE DOING IT???
My Relationship may be in Jeopardy and I don't Know what to Do.
Seeking a third party perspective to see in my [28F] new dating relationship [32M] is normal, toxic, or what?
How do I [22M] find out what I want in a life partner?
My (27F) boyfriend (29M) lacks sensitivity, knows it, but doesn't know how to start.
Is this considered a red flag?
How to have a HEALTHY romantic relationship? PLS HELP
Do I (24F) stay with my previously steroid-using bf (33M) ?
Is he [M/21] trying to just get in my [F/21] pants? Is it too late to reach out?
Do I have a right to be upset?
BF said Atleast Im not fucking other bitches
I need to know how my boyfriend is accessing my iMessages without me knowing. BUT HOW IS HE DOING IT??
I am quarantined with my ex and it really sucks giant, hairy gerbil balls.
“Get a tighter butt”
Advice! Should I tell my brother-in-law's gf that he's been leading her on thru this 2 year relationship?
Seeking a third party perspective to see if my [28F] relationship with the guy I’m recently seeing [32M] is normal or toxic
How can I be myself again?
How can I be myself again?
Do I (24F) stay with my previously steroid-using boyfriend (33M)?
My last (M 26) girlfriend (F26) said she couldn't feel anything in bed
my boyfriend is moving away for college
Why doesn’t my boyfriend EVER post pics of us?
When does life start?
I feel guilty for going on a walk with an ex while currently in a relationship
I (17M) have problems with a friend (15F) who claims she wants to talk to me and "loves me" but ghosts me after a couple of days.
Relationship help
I [M22] want a boyfriend especially during these time when life is very lonely. I want someone to cuddle with. But I am discreet and not out to anyone including my parents.
Why won’t my boyfriend EVER post pics of us?
my(17f) boyfriend(18m) is moving away for college
I (20/M) was wearing my moms thong and she found out
My BF’s friend sends him topless videos of his GF stripping
Should I (25M) continue seeing an interest (F25) during Covid?
I (26F) am frustrated that my husband's (27M) libido is out of sync with mine
my boyfriend is moving away for college
Am I a bad friend/person? Lost a good friend and would like to look critically at my behaviour
Am I a bad friend/person? Lost a good friend and would like to look critically at me behaviour although I’m angry too
Am I a bad friend/person? Lost a good friend and would like to look critically at my behaviour although I’m angry too
Blocked
Blocked
my (19F) partner (20M) has bee very distant with me lately, he´s starting to loose interest and wants more alone time.
In love with my best friend
My (24F) boyfriend (20M) wants to voice call every night and I'm not sure how to ask for more time for myself
After six years of dating [24f] him, [24m] he broke up with me. I feel lost and broken.
I (21F) need help getting over my roommate (21M) while we're both under quarantine together on campus.
Should i [21 M] continue seeing her [22 F] even though she's a part of a cult.
I just got broken up [24f] with after being with him for six years [24m].
I [M22] want a boyfriend
my (19F) partner (20M) has bee very distant with me lately, he´s starting to loose interest and wants more alone time.
the penis problem
Trust issues
My husband’s (35M) daily cleanliness demands are driving me (30F) crazy!
Penis problem.
My girlfriend "Accidentally" added coworkers on her private (nude) snapchat and instagram
My (26f) SO (28f) of one year didn't do anything for my birthday, should I let it go?
Is it bad that I don’t want sex?
I (25F) Confronted my exclusive fwb (42M) about our relationship status and it did not go well and I don't know what to do to make things better?
I want a boyfriend M22 Vancouver
I feel trapped in my own home and need advice
Dating a jerk
I've been for a year now but lately he's been wanting more time alone and has even thought about breaking up with me.
Dating a jerk
Can you still love someone while hating their body?
I'm trying to meet some new friends online but don't know where to start
my boyfriend isn't sexually excited around me
I the dipshit... Who was...always needed to have control some how I now know what the potential outcomes are and I knew my destiny before I needed to,but didn't know why Untill now
my boyfriend isn't sexually excited around me
My housemate refuses to leave the apartment although she might be carrying COVID-19
My boyfriend gets panic attacks when I go out with friends
i have a boyfriend, but recently i’ve been questioning my sexuality (attraction to boys specifically, i’m female) please help :(
How can I feel the same about someone after they cheated on me and I took them back
i have a boyfriend, but recently i’ve been questioning my sexuality (attraction to boys specifically, i’m female) please help :(
Is it possible to exist friendship between a male and a female, but only that?
Relationship problems..
19m need some help with getting a gf
My (25M) ex (24F) is back in my life after 6 years, and I realize that I still love her
My (31 M) gf (28 F) Nieces Mom (38 F) Had A Stroke Tonight. I Don’t Want Them To Come Over And Stay With Us Given All That is Happening. Need Advice.
How hard are relationships supposed to be?
I (M22) have been dating the love of my life for over 6 years (F22) but i have a problem
Mental health issues have ruined my life. She broke up with me after 2 years or living together. ( please advise )
Advice for dating in college
how are you guys dealing with now long distance relationships?
Now Ex-girlfriend broke up with me after two years living together because she got "bored"
I (16f) have conflicting feelings about two best friends (16f and 18f)
Need help finding a deleted post update about an absolutely crazy story about psycho brother destroying brother and pregnant wife's relationship
I looked through my boyfriend’s phone and found nudes I didn’t give him permission to record
True or False?
My Autistic brother(17M) won’t let me(15M) use my MacBook.
My ex and I might want to try again. Should I?
Im continuing to see my ex. Should I still continue? Is it worth A shot
Is my (28f) boyfriend (33m) video calling this late someone else for a business deal weird?
Feeling invisible
Feeling invisible
I looked through my boyfriend’s phone and found something weird
Does the guy I’m seeing like me or his ex?
I (18M) am in a very complicated romantic situation with my best friend (17F) since she has a boyfriend (19M) of 3 Years. I am lost as to what to do.
GF (31) and I (35) told titillating stories of our pasts. Think I went too far and now feel a mix of emotions.
Is it weird for my (28f) boyfriend (30m) to be FaceTiming someone this late for a business deal?
Long distance relationship since 2014
Bf(24) was sexting with my(23F) cousin(17-18F).
Girl(18f) im(20m) kinda "dating" ALWAYS wants to be the one who talks and never realy lets me talk, red flag?
90’s Babies - any hope for long term relationships?
My [34F] boyfriend [32M] keeps betraying my trust
Feeling invisible
I (28/F) marries my ex fiance because he got me pregnant and now regrets my decision.
Father(59) started to spend money on useless habits again. Not sure what to do.
I (F18) feel uncomfortable when it comes to relationships, and I don't know why
Lockdown hookups
Feeling invisible
My sister(28F) and I (19F) are cutting ties, what should I do?
I want to change
Spontaneous
I (F18) am uncomfortable with any relationships, don't know what to do
I(32M) love my GF(32F) but something seems impossible between us..
I (18M) am in a very complicated romantic situation with my best friend (17F) because she has a boyfriend (19M) What should I do?
Hungout with my ex now what? Advice please
How do I [23F] ask my friend [23F] if her boyfriend [23M] hit her?
My husband [29M] is questioning his sexuality, and I’m [25F] completely lost.
23F here. Guys/girls, how did you respond when you got a crush confession from the admirer's group of friends?
How do I [23F] tactfully ask my friend [23F] if her boyfriend [23M] hit her?
How do I [23F] tactfully ask my friend [23F] if her boyfriend [23M] hit her?
(23F here) Girls/guys, have you ever received a crush confession from your admirer's friend group? What happened?
I NEED FRIENDS
I NEED FRIENDS
Girls/guys, have you ever received a crush confession from your admirer's group of friends? What happened?
Gal pals (or just pals?)
I can't lose him
Is Tinder a good place to meet new friend? Just want to try meeting someone new online
I (19f) can feel him (20m) slipping away from me
Advice! Should I tell brother-in-law's gf that she's been lead on through this 2 year relationship?
I (15m) want to transfer highschools to play football but my girlfriend (15f) won’t let me
I (19f) can feel him (20m) slipping away from me
I (15m) want to transfer high schools to pursue my dream but my girlfriend (15f) doesn’t want me to
We never met. He's gone & I miss him.
Advice on how to love someone again after cheating
Me [28F] with my fiance[28 M] have been together for 11 years and friends for 16 years. Someone [24f] we met less than a year ago wants to plan a surprise wedding for us
i think i’m a lesbian but i don’t want to hurt my boyfriend or be bullied
Me [19M] Her [17F] Not sure where I stand with her?
[Me 19M] Her [17F] Not sure where I stand with her?
I'm being harassed and threatened by my ex and I don't know what to do if it continues
I [18M] can't seem to connect in relationships with others
I [18M] can't seem to connect in relationships with others
My (M18) girlfriend (F17) became less interested in sex and started talking to other guys more often
Bf (21) and I (F, 19) just broke up yesterday night
My husband acts like he’s always right and I’m always wrong.
(22 M) bf broke up with me (22F) due to personal issues
I (29F) don't think my boyfriend (29M) is fair in how he wishes to divide house chores
My (F17) boyfriend (M17) admitted to losing his virginity to his cousin (F16)
Should I be upset about this?
Ex bf(M22) and I (F22)
my (23m) boyfriend (22m) and i may have ruined a new friendship with a guy (20something m) by telling him we are in an open relationship
Need Help :(
Am I(20F) inducing a toxic relationship? How do you stop thinking about someone/bothering them(20M)?
What should I [30/M] do about my friend [27/F] who's refusing to quarantine?
Reddit... do my fantasies mean something?
Am I inducing a toxic relationship? How do you stop thinking about someone/bothering them?
My husband is deciding to take my money
I (17F) have just found out that my boyfriend (17M) has slept with his cousin. Help
Is a 15 year age gap too large? (Younger F)
I said hurtful things but his actions hurt me ?
My boyfriend [25m] attempted suicide after I made a mean comment to him. I feel responsible and I don't know what to do
i'm (21F) getting tired of dating a manchild of 2.5 years (23M)
How do I (24) tell a guy(25) I'm seeing to stop lecturing me without sounding like a jerk?
Old ex-friend and flame wants to reconnect after two years of no contact before she leaves for work abroad.
My (25/f) boyfriend (28/m) DM’d a sexy Instagram model, defended his actions saying it wasnt a flirty conversation?
I have been alone forever (M, age 22)
My [18F] sister is a 'useless teen'
I said mean things but he did mean things
I [22 M] have been single my entire life. I don't want to still be alone forever.
Don't know if I'm (30f) gay or just shouldn't be with bf (31m)
I (20nb) don’t know how to communicate with my boyfriend (20) anymore, please help
my friend doesn’t know what to do.
Why most relationships are always the same?
I (20) don’t know how to communicate with my boyfriend (20) anymore, please help
Why are most relationships always the same?
Old friend / flame wants to reconnect before leaving to live permanently in New York.
I (20sF) am having a hard time dealing with my husband's (30sM) romantic past.
I (20sF) am having a hard time dealing with my husband's (30sM) romantic past
How to heal inner-child while in relationship.
I need help
I (33 F) can't tell if I'm falling out of love with my BF (37 M) of 7 months as I get to know him better -or- if I am struggling with relationship anxiety/fears and finding reasons not to like him and pushing him away due to my own insecurities.
Is 2 months enough to become exclusive?
My [29F] bf [31M] of 2 years is hesitant about moving in because I own my house
My(24M) Ex(20F) broke up with me with "I want to explore" as a reason. Can anyone help me understand?
My [21M] close friend's [21M] condescending jokes are no longer funny and he's evolving into a judgemental person
Anti depressants/TTC? Is it possible?!
Found out he's still cheating on her, should I tell her?!
My [26F] ex-boyfriend [27M] told me he's bisexual and my feelings weren't right anymore.. and I feel awful about it.
Did I overreact towards my boyfriend?
I hate birth control and my partner hates condoms PLEASE HELP
Ex bf (24m) is depressed(?) and told me he doesn't think he loves me (26f)
Is it okay for me (f19) to tell my boyfriend (m21) that he is gaining too much weight?
My boyfriend (33M) made a weird sex joke today that made me (27F) uncomfortable. Is our sense of humor too different?
Am I in the wrong relationship?
Am I Too Needy?
GF (26) wont tell me (27) about her life decisions
Partner (M,24) thinks I (F,29) discuss sex a lot?
How to deal with ex (27M)
GF (26) wont tell me (27) about her life decisions
GF (26) wont tell me (27) about her life decisions
I'm 35M and due to extended time together, my wife (33F) and I were discussing exes. She was curious about one ex-GF (32F) and after social media stalking her, thinks I was meant to be with her. Truth is, I think so too :(
I love my Fiancé , but I just don’t want to spend 24h talking to her
Is it normal for a (22M) to masturbate to pictures of his partner (22F)
On the verge of a breakup..
Should I move out of my marital home?
I'm (24M) not feeling passion in my sex with my GF (22F) of 2 years (Long distance)
How can I (M28) support my wife (F26) while she's going through feelings of failure?
Am I f (28) just being super sensitive as fiancé (29) goes through tough time?
I [20M] dont know if I made the right choice with my girlfriend [19F].
I (23F) have an older guy (~40M) in an MMO flirting with me in and out of game and I’m conflicted
Relationships
On the verge of a breakup..
My [21F] boyfriend [23M] of almost 5 years kicked me out of an online game to play with another girl
Should I or not?
Should I or not?
Should I move out of my marital home?
(26F) hooked up with co-worker (29M) right before lockdown
Boyfriend (22M) gets annoyed at everything I (19F) do.
I [20M] dont know if I made the right choice with my girlfriend [19F]
What do you think it means to truly heal from a negative relationship experience?
I (23F) have an older guy (~40M) in an MMO constantly flirting with me and I’m morally conflicted
Bored of the sex in my relationship, or sex in general?
My [21F] boyfriend [23M] of almost 5 years kicked me out of an online game to play with another girl.
I (24m) want to break up with my (25f) girlfriend, but I'm basically all she has.
Am I [30M] responsible for my ex GF's [30F] depression?
2 months enough to go exclusive?
How do I (M/23) fall back in love with my GF(F/25)
My housemate came back to our apartment and has been in San Francisco and went on a random tinder date last night - is it okay to ask her to leave?
A Possible Second Chance (21yo, F)
I (24m) want to break up with my (25f) girlfriend, but I'm basically all she has.
My (19f) gf joined the national guard and wants to break up with me (21m)
This might sound like a stupid question but does a guy need to be in a relationship to get laid regularly?
TRUST
Have I messed up our friendship?
Boyfriend (22M) gets annoyed at everything I (19F) do.
My mom (F44) cheated on my stepdad (M45) with a previous abusive lover (M44)
Please help me come up with a compromise with my parents! 17F
My (19f) gf joined the national guard and wants to break up with me (21m)
My [21F] boyfriend [23M] of about 5 years kicked me out of an online game top play with another girl.
I've just asked out a girl and I'm worried she won't reply.
Husbands Birthday - Ditches wife and daughter for friend
My boyfriend (18m) and I (18f) had a misunderstanding.
Breaking up to work on myself.
Cheater cheater pants on fire
This might sound like a stupid question but does a guy need to be in a relationship to get laid regularly?
If You're Feeling Stuck in an Abusive Relationship, Please Read!
Does she [25F] like me [21M] or just want to hook up?
Husbands birthday today, and I am trying not to be pissed off.
I (18F) don't know if I'm ready to move out yet with my boyfriend (almost18M)
Coworker (20m) is into me (23f), after multiple red flags I‘m not into him anymore and idk how to handle the situation
I put a strain on my relationship, now I feel like my girlfriend is testing me or stringing me along. What can I do to get out of this?
Girls who “aren’t ready”
Why will my boyfriend not move forward with me?
Boyfriend (22M) keeps getting annoyed at everything I (19E)
LEAVE HIM ALONE OR DON’T
Cheater cheater pants on fire
Did he [M/21] just want to get in my [F/21] pants? And should I reach out? I’m confused
Ex's (30M) new SO friended me (30F) on FB
Two Children; Two Father’s and I just ended an 8 year relationship with my Abusive ex and Father of my Child... Alone again and I don’t think I can do this...
I’m (19f) unsure about the best way to tell my best friend (19m) how I feel about him and whether I should tell him now or wait until I can in person (TL; DR at the end)
Ex's new SO friended me on FB
My (23f) boyfriend (20) keeps implying that I need to get over a dog attack at a friend's house, and it's starting to frustrate me
My (23f) boyfriend (20) keeps implying that I need to get over a dog attack at a friend's house, and it's starting to frustrate me
What do you do...?
My husband eats apple cores while staring me in the eyes and I can’t tell if he’s trolling me
Bisexual
What she[20F] want from me[20M]? Am I toy to her?
My partner's fetish disgusts me.
LEAVE HIM ALONE OR DONT
My (23F) boyfriend (20) keeps implying that I need to get over a dog attack at a friend's house, and it's starting to frustrate me
My boyfriend doesn’t care about social distancing and I don’t know what to do.
My boyfriend is not taking this quarantine seriously and I don’t know what to do.
I (20M) want to leave my first and long-time girlfriend (20F), but I don't want to break her heart
GF(23) gave (23M)e a possession that belonged to her EX prior.
I (26F) have a weird issue with my (34M) boyfriends ex fiancée. What’s wrong with me? Please help.
She (25F) says she wants to be exclusive with me (28M) but has reservations.
Parents are actively trying to ruin my(25M) relationship(23F)
GF gave me a possession that belonged to her Ex prior.
My [25f] partner [35m] of five years seems generally uninterested in intimate connection, and without any close friends, how does one keep from feeling so alone?
I (19f) Just found out my mom (38) has been lying to me about my biological dad. I left the house and I don't know where to go from here
I (20M) want to breakup with long-time girlfriend (20F), but I don't want to break her heart
Getting over someone you love
Why is my ex suddenly ignoring my texts?
I don't know how to continue to entertain relationships after the chase is over?
Why is my ex suddenly ignoring my texts?
I (19M) love my gf (17F), but I've had troubles with urges and I feel so, trapped in away
I’m worried about my girlfriend.
Jealousy Issues in Relationship
Whats wrong with me?
Commitment issues? Moving too fast? I just need to vent.
Has anyone s/o ever said something to then in the spur of the moment that really fucking hurt.
Boyfriend initiates sex and then changes his mind part way through. Answers?
What defines age appropriate romantic/sexual relationships?
I think my girlfriend is suicidal.
What's wrong with me?
Had my first kiss by mistake. 8 years later still haven't told my gf about it
relationship specialist
Had my first kiss by mistake. 8 years later still haven't told my gf about it
I think the guy I've been talking to is lying about seeing other people.
I am having intense sexual fantasies about my step brother [18M] and I don’t know what to do about it anymore
Am I [22F] crazy or is it normal for me to sometimes despise my boyfriend [24F] and then other times be completely and utterly in love with him?
Hot & Cold
I[28m] told my friend[28m] that his girlfriend[27f] was involved in group sex when we worked together at Best Buy
Am I [22F] crazy or is it normal for me to sometimes despise my boyfriend [24M] completely and other times be completely and utterly in love with him?
Stop haunting me please
How to get over someone you love?
My [24M] dad [53M] is constantly annoyed with my brother [21M]
My sister(28F) and I (19F) are cutting ties and we both think the other is in the wrong
I don't want to be his mother
I put a strain on my relationship, now I feel like my girlfriend is only testing me and stringing me along
WHY IS SHE DOING THIS TO ME
My (M26) Girlfriend (F25) is Really Insecure and I Don't Know How to Help
Do I owe my girlfriend and best friend help to reconcile?
Secure free 4 hour video conference up to 50 people. No need to download a program - all you need is Chrome or Safari...
I (23M) asked my friend(24F) if I can come to her wedding before she invited me. Should I communicate with her about this?
Concerns over sex life with my (29F) boyfriend (28M) of one year
M26, F22, F24 (2 months) - Love triangle advice?
I (23M) asked my friend(24F) if I can come to her wedding before she invited me. Should I communicate with her about this?
Same as cheating?
I asked my friend if I can come to her wedding before she invited me. Should I communicate with her about this?
How Can I (20F) Help Support My Mom (46F) In A Mentally Abusive Relationship With My Stepfather (53M)?
I've (18M) never had a real girlfriend (besides one summer camp thing that shouldn't even count), and I need a whole lot of advice.
My (M26) Girlfriend (F25) is Really Insecure and I Don't Know How to Help
AITA Need help with a girl best friend
My [24 M] girlfriend [22 F], is still being stalked/abused by her ex-gf and I'm not sure what to do or how to handle the situation.
My gf [f24] (and her parents) thinks I (m28) am to serious/not funny enough for her/them
I've (17M) never had a real girlfriend (besides one summer camp thing that shouldn't even count), and I need a whole lot of advice.
I'm (27m) having difficulties communicating with my GF (25f) about my insecurities regarding her twitch streaming.
My sister and I are cutting ties, do you think it will be forever?? Please advicee
I [26M] got my LDR girlfriend [28F] pregnant. Now confused about a lot of things and she will be moving back to her country (Philippines). What are my options?
Should I [26F] simply forget about [34M] after ~8 months because of bad timing?
AITA need help with a girl best friend
Are my boyfriend and I not compatible?
I (38M) told my separated wife (39F) that her weight gain was one of the reasons why I lost sexual attraction in our relationship and now I need help trying to fix this mess
Was I right to get angry with my boyfriend?
I feel like the worst wife ever
Hate my boyfriends pet
I feel like the worst wife ever
Fiancés dad won’t meet me
Idiot silly crush argh
My boyfriend of 8 months want me to co-sign with him
Me [39 M] with my coworker [42 F] I am attracted to her and find myself thinking about her far more than I should.
Should I have said anything ?
My boyfriend of 8 month wants me to co-sign with him
Date Ideas for a Couple Separated by Quarantine and 120 Miles.
My (17m) friend (16m) keeps calling me a ‘simp’ even after I’ve told him how it makes me feel and it makes me feel like I’m being bullied. Am I overreacting?
I need advice!
I (20f) feel like this girl is „stealing“ all of my friends
Me 19M struggling with anxiety during relationship with my girlfriend 18F
Match Faker
My gf (23F) is upset with me for not icing my balls (23M)
Dealing with anxiety in relationships
Should I have said anything?
My (29m) boyfriend says he doesn't know if he is in love with me anymore (28f) but wants to stay together.
Should I text him for closure? Please help
How to deal with my friend who is over invested in a guy
My (26 M) roommate's(28M) SO(F) spends way too much time at our apartment. They have ignored my protests and I need advice.
Confused about a poly relationship I (24 y/o dude) seem to be getting tempted in to
I don’t want to pay my boyfriend rent. How can I resolve money issues?
My boyfriend (29m) told me (28f) that he doesn't know if he's in love with me but wants to stay together.
I'm [24f] Meagan, my family calls me maggot since I was eleven. Told them to stop, now they're doing it again. Am I justified to cut them off and if so, how?
My [32/M] girlfriend [23/F] found out last night that her ex cheated on her. Now I am afraid her trust issues might cause problems for us.
My relationship with my best friend.
I'm (24f) wondering if I should take a break with my bf (26m) we're supposed to be in a poly relationship but doesn't follow basic guidelines, and my trust in him is already lost. I'm in a battle between my heart and my mind.
What activities are you doing virtually with your SO?
My (21F) bestfriend (22F) dumped me and i dont know what to do
Why is she not angry at me when I seemed not to care? does she not care herself? [male 31 & female 31]
My best friend dumped me and my anxiety is now worse
The friends I (20 F) introduced to my ex (22 M) are going to be his new roommates. The friends he introduced to me harassed me a month after the breakup for rent money.
My [18F] boyfriend [19M] won’t let me hang with my friends alone after 3 years
The friends I (20 F) introduced to my ex (22 M) are going to be his new roommates. The friends he introduced to me harassed me a month after the breakup for rent money.
Helpless situation
Should I wish happy birthday to this "friend"? Facing a tough choice.
Helpless situation
Obsessed about a girl I may never see again and dont even know that well. Should I try to move on and if so how so, or what could I do to try and build this connection?
Follow up contact 2 weeks after break up
My sister and I are cutting ties, do you think it will be forever?? Please advicee
I'm angry that she is not angry at me
Old college friend [25f] reached out to me [27m] after a year don't know how to proceed
My [18F] bf [19M] won’t let me hang with friends alone after 3 years
I (26F) am frequently hurt by my bf's (26M) comments, but I don't know if I'm just over-sensitive
should I break up with him?
I (28/F) regrets my decision for marrying my ex because i was pregnant.
My boyfriend (m/26) assaulted me (f/24). Should I break up with him?
Ladies who have cheated: why did you do it?
My (26F) boyfriend (30M) haven't had sex on over a year
My relationship might be over
[27m] Trouble communicating about jealousy/discomfort regarding my GFs [25f] twitch streaming
Are you or is someone you know dating a relative of an ex?
REPOST: Severe friend problem (16M)
terrified to call ldr boyfriend
Don’t want to pay my boyfriend rent. Am I wrong?
terrified to voice call my ldr boyfriend
I am really shy to my boyfriend, how to stop?
My(24f) mother says what she has is mine (by default)
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] is a dry texter but wants to text everyday. How can we compromise ?
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice or opinions on my looks?
My(24f) mother says what she has is mine (by default)
I can’t afford to (or don’t want to pay extra) to live with my boyfriend even though I want to, what should I do?
Aunt(40's) not following quarantine, even though she lives with my Grandma (70's)
M(33) talking to F(33) about weed usage.
My [24F] spouse [24M] says I’m just not that exciting anymore.
No Contact Rule Going On 72 hours
is it bad that i ask my father (59) to pay rent?
My boyfriend (25M) watches porn in the bathroom while I’m (25F) at home with him.
Does anyone have suggestions to respond to I love you other than saying it back?
My (20F) boyfriend (24M) gave me a key to his apartment/wants me to move in but won’t let me help with anything?
I’m stuck on what to do
My (20F) boyfriend (24M) gave me a key to his apartment/wants me to move in but won’t let me help with anything?
Ways to respond to I love you besides I love you back
I (35m) think I've completely ruined my first chance of a relationship with co-worker (27f) because I was a bit over the top
Ways to respond to I love you other than I love you back
My [24F] spouse [24M] says that I’m just not as exciting anymore.
My (21f) friend (19f) of 2 years is being weird and standoffish
my father (59) won't pay rent
My boyfriend (M28) hurt my (F21) feelings. After telling him, he did not apologize.
I miss my girlfriend.
I (35f) think I scared off a potential female partner (27f)
Have You Ever Gotten A Second Chance With A Love You Thought You Lost?
I miss my girlfriend ☹️☹️☹️
I (24F) am sad about my “breakup” with Mr. Robot guy (27M)
Should I break up with my girlfriend for using dating apps for streaming advertising
Let’s Talk About Lost Loves and Second Chances...
My boyfriend (28M) watches porn while I (25F) am at home with him.
Relationships are a lot like planetary alignments
I FELL IN LOVE WITH MY STUDY BUDDY (M,26) I AM A (F, 25)
How to deal with mixed signals from a girl?
My ex and I
I (24F) am sad about my “breakup” with him (27M)
Wount open up to me and it makes me feel so alone and frustrated
Me (17M) trying to find out if (17F) is actually interested or is just being nice to me
HOW TO MOVE ON FROM A FRIEND WHO IS A (M, 26) I AM A (F, 25)
My (36F) husband's (38M) obsession with owls is ruining our marriage
Wount open up to me and it makes me feel alone and frustrated
How to communicate with your SO during the lockdown
HOW TO MOVE ON FROM SOMEONE WHO WAS NEVER BEEN YOURS?
Never opens up and makes me feel so alone and frustrated
Me (21)M feels like it maybe time to break up with my GF(22)
Never opens up to me and it makes me feel so alone and frustrated
How to move on from someone who was never been yours.
What have you learnt from your SOs during this lockdown?
Me m 21 not happy with my gf 21 anymore. (TW: Emotional abuse)
Trauma of being cheated so brutally
Partner (M24) annoyed at me (F25) for getting upset during anal?!
I’m sad
I [F24] met my ex boyfriend [M24] and he told me that he is breaking up with his girlfriend because they are not well together. He said he would write but two weeks have passed now.
My (36F) husband's (38M) obsession with owls is ruining our marriage
I [W24] met my ex boyfriend [M24] and he told me that he is breaking up with his girlfriend because they are not well together. He said he would write me but two weeks have passed now.
Me (17M) trying to find out if this girl (17F) is actually interested in me or is just being nice.
M(33) talking to GF(33) about weed usage.
Is it weird that I (F/26) feel turned off if I know that I guy I'm interested talks to different girls at the moment?
I think I need a divorce, but I have kids
I (13/M) am dating my crush (13/F)
Divorce
I (13/M) am dating my crush (13/F)
I think I might need a divorce, but I have kids
What's a good way to set boundaries with my (24M) mom (64F) when it comes to texting/calling?
just became kind of official with my gf and it instantly got weird
What's a good way to set boundaries with my (24M) mom (64F) when it comes to texting/calling?
Why love has different names like sex,cuddling and onestandnight?.
My(18F) best friend(18F) copies literally anything I do and I absolutely cannot stand it. I’m so lost, what do I do?
Girlfriend(18) disrespects me a lot and acts rude just because she knows I(19M) would never leave her because I love her a lot
I(19F) can’t figure out if it’s just a rough patch or time to call it quits with my boyfriend (20M)
Complicated relationship
My (38m) gf (26f) had an affair with her married boss years ago and Idk how to feel.
My girlfriend(18) behaves rudely to me and is dominating over me just because she knows I would never leave her
It's been 4 months since I(22F) lost a close friend(23M) through an argument. I want to send an apology letter, but I don't think he's going to accept it.
It's been 4 months since I(22F) lost a close friend(23M) through an argument. I want to send an apology letter, but I don't think he's going to accept it.
It's been 4 months since I(22F) lost a close friend(23M) through an argument. I want to send an apology letter, but I don't think he's going to accept it.
Feel like I've come full circle. How do I stop the cycle?
I (26 F) like a guy (29 M) but I am have some mental health issues. Is that the reason he's showing less interest?
I’m pretty sure my boyfriend is cheating on me. How can I prove this/ catch him out without being crazy
what should i do ? help mee !
Am I a bad person for this? What should I do?
32F setting unrealistic expectations from 33M boyfriend
Need advice
My BF (45m) refers to me (45f) as someone he’s dating
Ive [23] been in a bad head space about my Gf [20] due to my past relationships, any advice on how to get rid of the thoughts TL;DR below
How do I ask for proof he’s not cheating without seeming crazy/ confrontational.
I (24 F) have to choose between my boyfriend (22 M) and my sister (21 F) + parents (56 M and 55 F). The stakes are so high, it might be the end of, or a huge blow to, my relationship with one of the parties. Any advice is incredibly appreciated.
Boyfriend (45m) and I (44f) he refers to me as “someone he’s dating”
My (38m) gf (25f) had a sexual relationship with her boss.
I just moved and got married but I REALLY miss my family
Boyfriend (44m) said I (42f) am just a girl he’s dating.
My(24f) relationship with my mom(51f) is becoming more strained with everything going on and I just need some advice on how to talk to her
Boyfriend (male 44) and I (female 42) issue with our “relationship title”
my complicated "relationship" and where to go from here me(m27)
My friend (24f) irritates me (22f), and I don’t know what to do because she’s a really good friend.
I miss you
Please help me to understand an abrupt change
Am I a bad person? What should I do?
My complicated "relationship" and where to go from here? (m27)
Am I “just a girl he’s dating?”
A little rant
Relationship Title
Relationship Title
My partner (25m) and I (22f) grew up in opposite financial backgrounds. Looking for advice about navigating the difference.
An old potential flame turned friend ghosted on me after his wedding with his current wife and once the wife got pregnant and was unavailable would text me constantly.
My ex-boyfriend used to tell me that I am a selfish, bad and horrible person. I still question my own reality.
My (30f) partner (32m) is gobbling up all our food.
I (28m) am struggling to help my ex (31f) move on and heal from breakup as she slips into drug abuse and obsession.
My boyfriend used to tell me that I am selfish, bad and horrible person. I am still questioning my own reality.
How can I F[20] let this guy M[21] know I am interested in him?
Could this be seen as emotionally abusive behaviour?
My [30M] wife [25F] is incapable of tending to our son [15 months] and lost her mind when he was badly hurt under her supervision.
I (25F) am having trouble coping with my boyfriends (26M) ex-girlfriend being significantly more attractive than me.
I am having a hard time coping with my boyfriends (26M) ex-girlfriend being significantly more attractive than I am (25F)
My (26f) siblings don't seem to like me and I don't know why. What should I do?
I (26m) recently ended a toxic relationship. But we were both toxic
My (30f) boyfriend (31m) says I'm cold because I find his dog kind of gross
I (26m) recently ended a toxic relationship. But we were both toxic
My [30 M] wife [25 F] is hardly capable of taking care of our child and she lost her mind after he bumped his head.
Girlfriend (f 26) thinks I (m 30) am indifferent for not hanging out with her
[23/M] I feel like my gf [23/F] is not the one for the long run, what do I do?
Relationship
[23/M] I feel like my gf [23/F] is not the one for the long run, what do I do?
My girlfriend (F17) thinks I (M17) cheated by watching porn and i don’t know where to go from here
All went down hill after our child [M29] [F27]
My girlfriend (F17) thinks porn is cheating and can’t forgive me (M17)
Everyone hates my BF, but they havent even met him??
My Girlfriends rich friend
Xbox Series X or PlayStation 5? Which do you want?
Is there anything i can do to fix my situation
My (20F) bf (20M) forgot my “body count”. He insisted on asking me again and drama ensued. What to do?
Is there anything i can do to fix my situation
My friend survived a suicide attempt a few days ago and I feel nothing about it.
I get the feeling my [29M] girlfriend [25F] isn't sexually attracted to me. Told me she thinks about women to get in the mood.
(22)M accusing me (20)F of having lots of other guys on the go
I (f26) feel like I was rude during an Easter dinner that my boyfriend's (m25) sister (f23) threw.
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) is upset I won't eat her out.
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) is upset I won't eat her out.
My (27M) wife (23F) says she’s no longer in love with me and has not been physically attracted to me for some time. She’s considered separation this week and that prompted a long dialogue. We’ve communicated several factors that may have led to this and have a plan to work on it.
Am I holding onto a dead relationship? I am (f21) dating (m21)
Girlfriend [f 26] blames me [m 30] for not visiting her or going out for a month.
How do I(27f) get my SO(34m) to give me attention?
The one who got away
I feel like I’m worthless (F21) to my boyfriend (M21)
Girlfriend blames me for not visiting her in a month!
How r u coping with isolation and missing ur partners?
My (27M) wife (23F) says she’s no longer in love with me and has not been physically attracted to me for some time. She’s considered separation this week and that prompted a long dialogue. We’ve communicated several factors that may have led to this and have a plan to work on it.
Wife (28f) is in the hospital, and I’m (28m) home alone with our 7mo son, and emotionally struggling.
My (25f) MIL (55F) is spoiling my disabled BIL (17m) and I'm sick of it.
I (20M) have finally accepted after 4 months that I won’t get back my (19F) ex, even though we dated for only 4 months. This makes me realize I have some level of dependence issues, how do I tackle such a thing?
I (25M) started dating a girl (21F) that has never been in a relationship, how should I proceed?
Would you feel uncomfortable being in a "secret" relationship?
Is it ok for me (25 male) to be going out with (19 female) girlfriend
Wife’s in hospital, I’m home alone with a 7 month old and I’m really struggling emotionally
Would you feel comfortable in a relationship that had to be kept a secret?
I (20M) am finally accepting after 4 months I won’t get back my ex (19m) whom I believe I love. After reading here for awhile though I think I’ve sourced my problem and need help figuring out how to tackle my habit of becoming dependent on others.
Why Do People Cheat Even In Happy Relationships?
My (F28) partner (M29) doesn't act like we're in a relationship, and I'm wondering whether we just don't speak the same "love language" anymore?
I (20/M) feel like I’m developing feelings for my best friend (20/F) despite having a girlfriend (23/F) for about 3 years
Is the relationship worth saving? M26 F22
My (F28) partner (M29) doesn't act like we're in a relationship and it may be that we just don't have the same "love language".
Huge fight between myself m(29) and my gf(28) of 8 years, over me playing board game with Roommates, accusing me of abandoning her. AITA?
What should i do now?
I (19F) am too insecure to be in the relationship I am in with my boyfriend (22M) but I can't let him go because I love him.
Am I overreacting or is my (19f) friend (19m) being a jerk?
My boyfriend(25M) had an extremely negative reaction to something I(22F) said/did and I feel kind of scared of him.
Ok now what?
Still dreaming about her
Concerns about boyfriend creeping on his former high school students Instagram/ calling her “cute”. Where do you draw the line
NSFW? My(M24) girlfriend(F19) of 3 years is having a hard time emotionally
Gf parents dont know about me after a whole year
If you're single and in your 30s, would you prefer to date a divorced or never married people?
Who is stronger me or brother?
My (f18) bf(m19) lied to me last night to get out of watching a movie with me
[Confused] What would you describe my relationship with my parents? How can I make amends?
BF (25) suggests breaking up due to long distance although we are still in love
I've been in love with my best friend for five years, and it's getting harder to contain it
My girlfriend (27F) is having a mental breakdown because of our difficulties (and other people’s success) conceiving
ADHD guy I’m dating is acting off. Could anyone give some advice?
My [21M] close friend's [21M] condescending jokes are no longer funny and he's evolving into a dick
All went downhill after our child
Am I being unreasonable?
Meeting my (f19) boyfriends (m21) foreign parents (f54, m69)
How do I(27f) get my SO's(34m) attention
Am I being unreasonable?
ADHD guy I’m dating is acting off
My (M18) ex girlfriend (F18) from high school who I am not entirely over has decided to go to to the same college I am at now.
My (20f) friend (29m) gets really mad when I hang out with other people. Possible toxic friend?
(26f) I couldn't make marriage decision
I [27F] moved into my boyfriend's [26M] place for the duration of our state's stay at home order. We've only been seeing each other for a couple months and I really like him, but am I being completely insane?
I'm in love with my best friend
Me [19F] and my boyfriend [20 M] broke up and I don't know how to handle it
Boyfriend (25M) makes me feel like he is not attracted to me (24F). Should I stay?
I (21f) am facing several difficulties with my boyfriend (24m) and don't know what to do
My Manifesto To My Fake Ass EX..... From yours Truly. Absolutely Astonishing
Is this dynamic healthy?
I (25M) just cannot forget about her (25F)
My soon to be ex husband (36M) wouldn’t let me (34f) cuddle
Is this dynamic healthy?
I (24 F) have to choose again with bf (22 M), sis (21 F), and parents (56 M and 55 F). This time the stakes are higher. And I've already handled it poorly. Any help at all is incredibly appreciated.
I used to be happy in my relationship(18m) with my girlfriend (18f)) but now I feel like I lost myself in the relationship and I don't know what to do
I (24 F) have to choose again with bf (22 M), sis (21 F), and parents (56 M and 55 F). This time the stakes are higher. And I've already handled it poorly. Any advice is incredibly appreciated.
I (25M) just cannot forget about her (25F)
Husband keeps accusing me of being pregnant (cheating)?
I used to be happy in my relationship (18m) but now I feel like I lost myself and nothing is the same with me and my girlfriend (18f)
It didn't quite work out with this girl (30F) I (27M) was dating but I feel like we still like each other. Is it a mistake to keep talking or shall I cut ties?
Was I (F19) too drastic in cutting off communication with the guy (M19) I was talking to?
Was I (F20) too drastic in cutting off communication with the guy (M21) I was talking to?
Was it too drastic to cut off communication with the guy I was talking to in this situation?
It didn't quite work out with this girl (30F) but I (27M) feel we both still like each other. Is it stupid to hang around or should I pull the plug?
How to cope with someone moving away?
23(F) Taking out anger/stress at S/O 26(M)
When do I tell my depressed crush how I feel?
Would talking less during isolation improve our love?
need your input on what a guy means by "keep things casual"?
If you don’t ever talk to someone.... why in the world would you keep a streak with them?
Would talking less during isolation preserve our relationship?
Sex life in the mid 20s?
I (17M) am having troubles deciding whether my first time was abuse or not and how to come to terms with it
Let’s all make sure we’re being rational.
How do I talk to my boyfriend about how my friend saw his profile on Hinge a couple of days ago?
AITA for wanting a mentally stable boyfriend/life?
Struggling to find Alone Time
My friend just told me she saw my boyfriend’s (of 7 months) profile on Hinge. How do I approach this with him?
Struggling to fine Alone Time
How do I break up with my boyfriend (M19) when he's told me (F19) he'd take his own life?
My girlfriend (19F) is financially dependent on me (21M) and struggles w/ mental health. Can this work out?
Struggling to fine Alone Time [27m/24f]
Sister (37, F) is endangering my family
(20M) Feel No Connection With or Love For Dad (No Abuse/Neglect)
A letter to the man that broke my heart
Sister is endagering the whole family
Scared of breaking up with my partner because they've told me they'd take their own life.
How would you deal with being close to someone who's moving away soon?
Dating a EMT/Firefighter
Don't Like Being Around My Dad -- Academic Correlation?
I (21 m) got dumped at my lowest point
Should I wait?
Obsessed about a girl I may never see again and dont even know that well. Should I try to move on and if so how so, or what could I do to try and build this connection?
I (21 m) got dumped at my lowest point
My (16) GF's Sister's Boyfriend (20) likes my GF (17)
Should I wait?
Just found out I’m (17F) pregnant.. is it wrong if I don’t tell anyone????
My (23F) BF (33M) won’t stop texting an escort (30F)
I'm a difficult person to talk to and get defensive too quick. It's ruining my relationship with my parents. What could I do in the future to prevent blow out fights?
My (24m) ex (22m) messaged me about his suicide attempt
Interfering in-laws.. Sucks.. Stay away from my fiance and my life
I [26M] got my girlfriend [28F] pregnant. Now confused about a lot of things and she will be moving back to her country. What are my options?
Girl(27f) who I(23m) cut contact with has contacted me, unsure how to handle it.
Just found out I’m (17F) pregnant.. is it wrong if I don’t tell anyone????
My (22f) bf (24m) has been less and less responsive
What was my wife [25F] at the time. Up to?
What was my wife [25F] at the time. Up too?
I (25m) hate living with my mom and stepfather (mid 50s m mid 50s f) and I’m stuck here because of this virus and can’t move out. What can I do?
How to convince my gif to let me lose weight? She doesn't want me to burn down belly fat on my stomach.
Did he [M/21] just want to hookup with me [F/21]? And should I reach out? I’m conflicted and nervous
Ok for me (25M) to approach a girl (30F) from work who is dating someone else?
How often should couples fight?
Help?!?
Am I being jealous for no reason? (24f) and my gf (22f) of over a year has been spending a LOT of time on Twitter lesbian group chats to make new friends. She saves the numbers to her phone of all the girls in the chat. I think she adds them on snapchat and plays phone games with some of them
I’m not comfortable with a “friendship” my boyfriend (32M) has with a female who lives in another state
Why do I [21M] and my friend [22F] fight like we are in a couple?
My (20M) boyfriend (24M) likes NSFW drawings of underage cartoon characters on his private account - I'm concerned, but how do I talk to him about it?
I'm (21M) starting to develop feelings for a friend (19F) and I don't know to approach the situation....
My boyfriend (21M) and I (18F) dont talk for weeks on end but we're still dating?
Developing feelings for a friend that I've met recently. How can I approach the situation?
My brother and SIL (40s) never consider consequences. Now they have COVID. Can I call them out at some point?
I [18M] feel like my girlfriend [19F] doesn’t care about me
I [18M] feel like my girlfriend [19F] doesn’t care about me
I [18M] feel like my girlfriend [19F] doesn’t care about me
Afraid My aunt(F24) might spill the beans about my (M22) private life after getting access to my email accidentally.
I [18M] feel like my girlfriend [19F] doesn’t care about me
My gf (18F) wants to do Onlyfans
My gf wants to do Onlyfans
My [30f] boyfriend [37m] and I have mismatched libidos. I feel pathetic asking for it all the time. I wish I could just lower my sex drive.
Do I have a reason to be jealous!? (24f) and my gf (22f) of a little over a year half is spending a LOT of time in Twitter lesbian group chats to make new friends. She saves the numbers to her phone of all the girls in the chat. She adds some of them on snapchat and plays phone games with others.
I broke up with my girlfriend
My (M30) GF (F32) of four months, her son seems to be driving a wedge in our relationship. Would really love helpful advice please?
Is my friend [20/F] overreacting about my [22/F] friendship with her boyfriend [25/M] over a similar interest/hobby?
My boyfriend (32M) and I (28F) are speaking different love languages
COVID-19 making my relationship worse?
My (M30) GF (F32) of four mouths. Her son (M8) has been driving a wedge in our relationship. Would like helpful advice please!
Do I have a reason to be jealous!? (24f) and my gf (22f) of over a year recently started spending a LOT of time on online lesbian group chats claiming it's to make new friends. She saves the numbers to her phone of all the girls in the chat. She adds some on snapchat and plays phone games with them
My[30F] mother[52F] never leaves me alone and she's overbearing, even before the pandemic. How do I get her to stop?
Am I correct to abandon my ageing parents
My boyfriend is addicted to his computer
My(21m) girlfriend (23f) got very aloof after talking about her ex
Girlfriend has been liking sexual content of other men on Instagram
I broke up with my girlfriend
My boyfriend is addicted to CSGO
I [19F] just want to figure out how to get over this guy [29M]
Have never been in a relationship before and feeling weird about it?
Jealous over my Bf and Besties Slight Past
I think my girlfriend doesnt care
Not sure how to feel
Question for married guys of reddit, was there ever a time where you changed your mind in favor of marriage?
Aunt who had some access to my emails, might spill the beans on my privacy.
What to do when boyfriend[19] of 2 years finds out I want to break up without me being the one to tell him, girlfriend[18]
I (23F) am afraid that my boyfriend (22M) might be abusive later in life
I [19F] just want to figure out how to get over this guy [29M]
I [26F] was popular in highschool, but got fat, never left my hometown, and work at a gas station. I checked the facebook of a girl [27F] that was a social pariah. She got fit, is prettier than me, has a nicer job than me, and married a guy who earns six figures and it's eating my self-esteem.
My [33 M] girlfriend [29 F] of 4 years told me she was going to dump me if I “didn’t stop being such a faggot”. I agree with her and I can’t tell if I’m in an abuse cycle or if she’s actually right.
I(f21) don’t know how to handle my bf(m22) mental health issues
Am I the asshole for being mad at my girlfriend for liking guys’ photos on Instagram?
My Girlfriend Is Getting Distant
My (27F) in-laws annoy the crap out of me. They are extremely nice to me and always have been. Is this normal?
My Girlfriend Is Getting Distant
I (19M) don’t know how to help my best friend (19F)
I[28M] found out that my girlfriend[27F] is ¿flirting? with someone from work.
My (27F) in-laws annoy the crap out of me. They are extremely nice to me and always have been. Is this normal?
How can I (21F) change how my boyfriend (22M) sees me after a period of bad behaviour?
How can I (21F) change how my boyfriend (22M) sees me after a period of bad behaviour?
My stepmother(45) doesn't approve me(18M) and my sister(17F) gaming with a teacher (32M) who we met at church
How do I change how my partner sees me after a period of bad behaviour?
Did he [M/21] just want to sleep with me [F/21]? And should I reach out?
Inevitable break up in 3 months - How to cope with the anxiety?
My (27F) in-laws annoy the crap out of me. They are extremely nice to me and always have been. Is this normal?
I'm (28M) dating a girl (22F) with more sexual partners than me and I feel insecure .
My [20M] girlfriend [19 F] takes her anger out on me emotionally when she has a rough day. How do I make her less stressed?
I [27m] suffer from premature ejaculation. It's ruining our (27M/27F) sex life. I don't know what to anymore. Please help.
Explain this dynamic to me: I do better with higher quality women than low quality women
I need to vent about what happened
Inescapable/Planned break up in 3 months - How can we cope with the anxiety?
I don’t know what to do in this situation
I'm concerned girl I met/wants to date me might be mentally challenged in some way. Scared I'm taking advantage of her.
I don’t know how I’m supposed to act in this situation.
i can tell if we’re flirting or just like being really friendly
He gave me the keys ,
Is it normal to be annoyed by your in-laws even though they are really nice to you?
My girl(15F) left me (16M) because i hurt her bad big time and i want her back. How can i win her heart back?
I [27m] suffer from premature ejaculation. It's ruining our (27M/27F) sex life. I don't know what to anymore. Please help.
How did your relationship change once you moved in with your s/o?
How common is it for there to be an attempt to reconnect with an Ex?
Boyfriend (26m) states that I (26F) reacted too strongly to my (26M) coworker’s death by suicide
Probably last time on Reddit,
She (23F) thinks I'm (24M) too emotional and not man enough
My ex lives in my head rent free
How do I [23M] gently end a crush I have on my best friend [22F] who's in a LDR?
She (23F) thinks I'm (24M) too emotional and not man enough
I (21 m) have a crush on her (21 mtf) and am pretty conflicted. Please help.
Don’t want him but I want them to break up
Should I reach out?
Am I(18m) being too needy/clingy towards my girlfriend (19f)?
My [19F] best friend [18F] told me that she thinks our other friends took advantage of my little brother [16M] and had sex with him while he was drunk.
How to explain to mom (60sF) that I (20sF) shouldnt have to apologize first to abusive dad (60M)?
UPDATE: I (f24) have to choose again with bf (m22), sis (f21), and parents (m56 and f55). This time the stakes are higher. And I've already handled it poorly.
Proposing without a ring
I'm (28M) dating a girl (22F) with more sexual partners than me and I feel insecure
Getting over someone who will not commit to you
Cant believe I'm making a quarantine post lol TLDR feeling sad and undesirable
Getting over someone who will not commit to you?
Me (M21) and my best friend (F20) are falling in love, but there’s some... obstacles
I (M21) and feeling lost in my relationship with GF (F20) and don't know what to do.
Me (M21) and my best friend (F20) are falling in love, but there’s some... obstacles
I (24M) feel like my gf (24F) is trying to force me to live with her and financially support her.
Is it hard to make friends as an adult if you don’t drink?
Is it hard to make friends as an adult if you don’t drink?
Caught partner posting suggestive emojis on another persons IG
After a year and a half of his death I still love him
My (18m) boyfriend (18m) came out to his parents and they kicked him out
Caught my partner posting suggestive emojis on another persons IG post
Need help :< i broke my girls heart and she left now i want her back what can i do? How can i change my ways?
The value of feeling valued
Ex [21M] is giving out my number to his friends to harass and threaten me [20F] Scared
how to end things for good
My on-and-off boyfriend (m 23) of less than a year always makes “jokes” about me (f 25) flirting with other guys
I (18F) am queer and I am afraid to tell my (18F) best friend because I don't want to ruin our relationship
i am uncomfortable with my boyfriend’s kinks
Am I (18m) being too needy/controlling of my girlfriend (19f)?
You’re acting odd again. Something just feels off. That really sucks, because I hate having to wonder. I like being able to relax and completely give myself to you, but you have broken that trust, and it’s like every time I get comfortable again and let my guard down, something else happens.
My on-and-off boyfriend (m 23) of less than a year keeps making jokes about me (f 25) “flirting” with other men and I’m not sure what to do about it.
Dating
I (20M) don't know how to open up with my parents
People whose SOs have strong political opinions that are different than your own, how do you make it work?
Break up!
I [22F] am struggling being stuck at home with my somewhat abusive family who also don't approve of my long distance boyfriend [30M] or of my desire to move countries
my sugar daddy is not what i expected!!! advice please
How to handle my boyfriend (26M) who thinks I (26F) am crying too much over a coworker (26M) who just committed suicide last night
Should I break up with him? I'm so conflicted.
I don't know how to open up with my parents
Having Trouble Being in The Kitchen with My Mom
my sugar daddy is not what i expected!! advice please!!
I don't know how to open up with my parents
Breaking up with someone with mental illness
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
Breaking up with someone who’s depressed
My (19M) girlfriend (20f) struggles with depression and acts cold and shuts down, I do my best to support her but it doesn’t seem to do anything
How do you break up with someone with mental illness?
Sex means nothing to me(30) and everything to her(28)
I (23M) am uncertain about the age difference with a young woman (19F) I went on a date with
I feel my 28f SO 42m is too controlling in how I'm raising my daughter. How do I get him to see he does this and it's wrong?
My (19M) girlfriend (20f) has depression and it feels like I can’t even support her right.
Rcrf
My gf (18F) and I (18M) are both virgins, but we both have concerns regarding our “first time,” and generally need advice on how to move forward.
Girlfriends random bout of anger finally got to me today
Is one time physical aggression still considered domestic abuse? I (29f) was hit by my spouse (32m) of 3 years.
How to avoid jealousy? Pls help
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
I tried pot and my boyfriend flipped out
Fell in Love with my Roommate during Quarantine
I feel that my (F) SO (M) is crossing boundaries and I don't think I'm being unreasonable.
I need to move past this.
spiraling down
Is this a bad sign?
Is it okay for my GF to text my friends Regularly?
how to make partner's bday special while we're apart
Is this a bad sign?
How should I end my fuck buddy relationship? I’ve made the decision to stop having these kinda relationships because I’ve never been in love (21m)
Girlfriend texting my friends too regularly
I (21f) am starting to wonder if my boyfriend (21m) is emotionally abusive
Feel like I'll never move on.
I feel like I'll never move past this.
NSFW my two best friends hooked up with my ex last year and I just found out.
My [21 f] Boyfriend [24 m] has serious issues with his mental health, including suspicions that he might have schizophrenia, MS, and has been taking testosterone illegally for the past 4 years.
M30 I’m confused,been dating for 2 years and still not sure (F26)
S/O is Anti-vax. How do I Convince Her Otherwise?
How should I (17F) should deal with extremely intrusive family members in my love life?
I’m 30 and confused
(M30) So I stay or should I go
NSFW Idk if I should be angry at my two best friends for hooking up with my ex
How do I(17F) deal with extremely intrusive immediate family when trying to date.
Meeting partners kids?
(M30) to marry my (F26) girlfriend of two years ?!?
I [22F] am struggling being stuck at home with my somewhat abusive family who also don't approve of my long distance boyfriend [30M] or of my desire to move countries
My (28F) SO (32M) doesn't know my eye color?
Stuck with her
S/O is anti-vax. How do I Convince Her?
my boyfriend’s kinks scare me
my boyfriend’s kinks scare me
Me (20M) can't get over what my now ex (F19) has done. Am I in the wrong?
Some of my boyfriend’s kinks scare me
my ex and i are still a thing and it's tearing me apart... can anyone relate?
A hostage?
Girlfriend doesn't like simple, sexy moments
My date (27M) no longer texts me back on time nor does he wants to see me (23M) romantically because he told me he was not ready for another relationship and that I was moving too fast
I (M38) cannot deal with my wife's (f30) uncontrolled PTSD and possible borderline personality.
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) is guilt tripping me about quarantine
My wife is finally streaming after years of battling depression!
S/O is anti-vax. How Do I Convince Her?
He says that I cheated.
My father (40M) wants back into my life (18M) after he left my mom and me for another family at a young age.
Am I (24m) being too picky when looking for a partner?
My wife is finally streaming! Please help me support her! :D
My(17M) boyfriend (16M) upsets me if he drinks alcohol or watches porn
Am I (24m) being too picky when looking for a partner?
My(25f) roommates (40M)(45ishM) have been getting into yelling matches, I was trying to mediate and am failing.
[Florida] Is my gf making a mistake buying another property with little money saved up?
Save me the trite, you'll get over it eventuallys. It's been 9 years. If it's not over now when will it be?
Muscle and Sex (30M)
Meeting partners kids?
I (25they) want to maintain a good friendship with a former fling (28m) and trying to wonder what ifs.
Is It ME? Help!
My date (27M) no longer texts me back on time nor does he wants to see me (23M) romantically because he told me he was not ready for another relationship and that I was moving too fast
My date (27M) no longer texts me back on time nor does he wants to see me (23M) romantically because he told me he was not ready for another relationship and that I was moving too fast
Boyfriends video gaming is getting to me
How to stop checking social media of someone who used to play mind game on me ?
Save me the trite, you'll get over it eventuallys. It's been 9 years. If it's not over now when will it be?
My(17M) boyfriend(16M) upsets me when he watches porn or drinks alcohol
Muscle and sex
Spouse is spying on me due to insecurities and past relationship abuse
[Florida] Is my gf making a mistake buying another property with little money saved up?
Muscle and sex
How should I (21 F) ask out my old co-worker (22 M) via text
My (25) gf (21) really likes smoking weed. I recently quit and am ok with it but she always smokes before sex even though I don’t like it, and refuses to not smoke before.
How should I (21 F) ask out my old co-worker (22 M)
Is it me?! Help please!
My boyfriend (M 26) of 1.5 years gets annoyed when I (F 24) say "I love you." What should I do?
My(F21) brother(M15) has a gaming addiction problem and my parents don’t know what to do about his behavior
How should I (20 F) ask out my old co-worker (22 M) through text?
I(M18) got back with my partner and I feel like I have no more say with anything and this relationship is based on her(F18) rules
How to ask out my co-worker?
I [22M] have worked on myself to be ready to date again but my sexual hang ups make me think I’m not ready.
Boyfriend (M 26) keeps getting annoyed that I (F 24) say "I love you" too much.
My brother has a gaming addiction problem and my family doesn’t know what to do
Scared for boyfriend's mom
My(17M) boyfriend(16M) upsets me if he drinks or watches porn
I [M29] found what I'm 95% sure is a photo of a coworker [F25] that shouldn't have been where it was -- should I tell her?
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Scared of my boyfriend's dad
My [22 F] with my BF [22 M] has been showing signs of paranoia
How do you all view relationships?
Why does it bother me so much that my boyfriend fantasizes about other women?
Why does it bother me so much for my boyfriend to fantasize about other women?
Let’s Talk About Anxiety
I’m [22M] beginning to feel as if I’m ready for a serious relationship again but not sure.
A little too easy to love?
Nervous about losing virginity to my (20F) boyfriend (42M)
My social life has completely collapsed. I need some advice.
I [M20s] found an interesting photo of what I'm 95% sure is a coworker [F20s]
After 5 years, is he (40M) just wasting my (36F) time?
My (24M) Ex (27F) are officially broken up, but I can't stop being angry with her.
Time to think, doomed relationship?
Need Advice Please!
Need help
Should I break up with my homeless bf in this pandemic
I [23 M] want to help my girlfriend [24 F] cope with the death of a relative in the current quarantine-lockdown situation. We've only known each other for 3 months.
Dazed and A bit Confused
Boyfriends bestie is being creepy
My girlfriend (20 F) and I (21 M) have sex once a month if I’m lucky, is that normal for a young couple?
Boyfriends bestie is being creepy.
Am I missing something? I’m really confused and I need help
M [29] broke up with F [27] and still can't stop caring about her
My boyfriends best friend is a weirdo
My girlfriend (20 F) and I (21 M) have sex once a month if I’m lucky, is that normal for a young couple
Is it weird my (22M) boyfriend is best friends with a (45F)?
I (16F) Might Have A Crush On My Ex-Best Friend (also 16F)
I [M20s] found what might be a naked photo of a coworker [F20s]
Insecurity and mental health issues worse in relationship (26M), girlfriend’s (27F) drinking increasing during quarantine
Soooo boyfriends best friend is being weird.
I [21 M] feel alienated and can't relate to my friends anymore. How do I rekindle that ?
BF (M30) likes photos of particular female celebrity on IG
I (28M) Accused my GF (23F) of cheating but after confronting her I don't believe she did - in the process I uncovered some other issues related to her mental health - where can we go from here?
I [M19] want to be good friends with my ex[M19] but he gives me mixed signals.
My love life feels nonexistent
Is it weird my boyfriend (23M) has a best friend who is (44F)?
How do I (24M) let down wall that I have against (24f) gf.
Is it normal for My girlfriend(20F) and I (21M) to have sex once a month, if I’m lucky
After 5 years, is he (40M) just wasting my (36F) time?
How do I (17M) fix my mistakes with gf (16F) in bad mental state who’s angry/broken?
Lack of intimacy, is it normal?
I (17M) did something wrong to my girlfriend (16F) and I don’t know how to make things right again.
Is it normal for My girlfriend(20F) and I (21M) to have sex once a month, if I’m lucky
Things to talk about with my girlfriend
Lack of intimacy, is it normal?
I [M19] want to be best friends with my ex[M19]
Things to talk about with my girlfriend
I [23 M] want to help my girlfriend [24 F] cope with the death of a relative in the current quarantine-lockdown situation. We've only known each other for 3 months.
I (22M) called out my mother for being unnecessarily rude to my father, now she's ignoring me.
Things to talk about with my girlfriend
I wish my bf would be nicer to my parents
Allowing my brother (M53) to Raise My Daughter (F15)
Obsessed with what my ex (M27) is saying about me (F25) post-breakup.
M29 completely lost over F27 after breaking up with her because it was what she wanted.
My boyfriend (24M) still check other girls out and it bothers me a lot.
I'm [23/M] afraid of asking out a girl from a different culture.
Is it possible to exist friendship between a male and a female, but only that?
I’m (27f) mean to my sister (23f) without meaning to, even though I love her more than anything
Advice on breaking up with my [20 Non-binary] boyfriend [19 M]. A dash of polyamory ahead.
Broke up with my (F25) boyfriend (M27) and can't stop obsessing about what he's telling others about me.
What is the best way to help her cope with the death of a relative in the current quarantine-lockdown situation?
How do I get my girlfriend excited about our relationship again?
I could use some help..
I think I love my best friend
My ex[19M] keeps sending me[19F] unsolicited gifts and won't stop talking about me to my family and friends
I'm [23/M] afraid of asking out a girl from another culture.
What to do when girlfriend's family isn't fond of me?
I'm [23/M] afraid of asking out a girl from another culture.
My (23F) Boyfriend (26M) Broke Quarantine, Am I Overreacting?
How do I (17M) fix/makeup what I did to my gf (17F)?
I'm [23/M] afraid of asking out a girl from another culture.
What to do when girlfriend's family aren't fond of me?
I’m (F26) afraid of getting engaged to my boyfriend (M28) of 7 years and not sure why.
What can I do to fix my mistakes?
My (23F) Boyfriend (26M) Broke Quarantine, Am I Overreacting?
My ex[19M] keeps sending me[19F] unsolicited gifts and won't stop talking about me to my family and friends
I'm [23/M] afraid of asking out a girl from another culture.
Am I [19F] becoming too clingy with my boyfriend [20M]? Is there something wrong with me?
I think I love my best friend
is it fair to give my [21NB] gf [23F] of 2 years an ultimatum to stop ghosting me
I’m in a good relationship but can’t get over my ex
Friend (19M) judging and criticizing me (18M).
Am I [19F] being too clingy? Is there something wrong with me?
Someone Help?
How do I get my girlfriend excited about our relationship again
I don’t understand
My (15F) boyfriend (15M) says things that make me uncomfortable
Why am I afraid of getting engaged to my boyfriend of 7 years?
Girlfriend (28F) called me (31M) a drug addict for taking a prescribed anxiety medication. How do I address this, or, do I just let her go?
is it fair to give my [21NB] gf [23F] an ultimatum to stop ghosting me
I’m happy but I can’t get over my ex
My (26f) white boyfriend (26m) says really racist stuff
I (16M) have a friend problem
How Do I (20M) Ask My Family to Stop Generalizing/Racism?
I am having way less sex with my gf and in worried about our future because of other problems
I (22M) essentially got dumped (22F) and thrown away less than 24 hours after asking her to be my girlfriend.
Should I (25F) text him (27M)?
Huge change in amount of sex with my gf
My (21f) dad (50m) is really toxic and I don’t know what to do.
(24f) How to move past retroactive jealousy? It’s ruining my relationship.
I (22M) essentially got cheated on, or she (22F) was cheating on him with me.
I M[30] and wondering how to explain to r/relationships F[30] that deleting and locking every post is not conducive to public discourse
Why am I afraid of getting engaged/married? Have you felt this way?
Do I propose?
I [19M] am unexpectedly part of a toxic friendship triangle with my ex-GF [19F] and best friend [19F]
Is it wrong of me (23F) to stop wanting/seeing a guy (23F) because he has a body count of 50+?
Me [19M] with my Girlfriend [28F] 6 Months together Struggling to get over m girlfriends past relationship.
My wife (22F) and I (23F) want to move out of my parents (50s M/F) but my sisters (late 20s F) insist I should stay
Can’t get over my girlfriends past relationship
What do i do when the girl i like was hurt so hard that she wont trust people
overthinking relationships. is this normal? do i need therapy?
Squirting for the first time (F,30) and after that boyfriend (M,30) goes directly to his computer
How can i make my gf believe i will love her no matter what
Should I (19F) push for "labels" in my relationship or would I be ruining it?
Is my (21f) boyfriend (22m) manipulating me?
Advice/help.. I've made a terrible mistake.
Why did my (19F) Ex-Boyfriend (21M) block me 2 weeks after breakup
My (21f) dad (50m) is really toxic and I don’t know what to do.
What to do when she asks for time
Am I (19F) silly for wanting a definitive 'label' in my relationship that's "not a relationship"?
I (m28) am insecure about my gf (f30) of 3 months talking with her ex.
Gf doesn’t seem like she cares about me.
What do i do when the girl i like tells me that she needs time?
How can i make my girlfriend believe i will love her no matter what?
He went directly to the computer after sex
Girlfriend been exposed to Covid 19 and I cant get sick! What now?
Husband (28 M) had a previous relationship, wife (27 F) can't let go
I (29F) am really confused by (33M) behavior. First time dating in a long time and ugh
My girlfriend won't believe that i will love her
Husband (28 M) had previous relationship, wife (27 F) can't let go
How 'the internet' caused one of the 'darkest' chapters of my life.
“It’s so nice to be with someone who doesn’t beat me”
Husband had previous relationship, wife can't let go
First time squirting and he went directly to his computer
Feel like I'm (36F) living with a bad roommate (42M) but it's actually a marriage
My mother (48F) is making my (20F) eating disorder worse during isolation
I'm(F24)jealous of pregant friend( F30)
Me (22 Male) and my gf (22 Female) are wanting to see eachother but....
A fight on my wife’s birthday
A fight on my wife’s birthday
Feel like I'm (36F) living with a bad roommate (42M) but its actually a marriage
My boyfriend lies about things he’s ashamed of.
Why did my (19F) Ex-Boyfriend (21M) block me 2 weeks after breakup
Ended a toxic relationship. Should feel good but I don't.
My mistakes and regrets
A fight on my wife’s birthday
I’ve (28F) never been sexually attracted to my husband (30M)
I (31/M) am feeling a lot of pressure from the person I’m dating (31/F) during quarantine...
Should I (21F) break up with my boyfriend (22M) because of COVID-19 turning our relationship long-distance?
How to talk to my bf about being an HSP?
Should I (21F) break up with my boyfriend (22M) because of COVID-19 turning our relationship long-distance?
My family judging me is affecting my relationship with my boyfriend
Jealous of pregnant friend
My partner (M24) thinks I (F29) discuss sex too much?
A friend of mine (she's 20 year old female and I'm a 22 year old male) has been asking me really weird questions lately. She'll just text me something random. How do I react? (Questions are below)?
19. f. No idea what my sexuality is
Partner commented that I talk about sex a lot?
I (26F) feel there is a lack of intimacy between me and my boyfriend (30M), and don’t know if it’s a compatibility issue or something that can be fixed.
A friend has been asking me really weird questions lately. She'll just text me something random. How do I react? (Questions are below)?
I [F20] feel guilty about thinking about my ex [M21] who broke up with me after being together for 4,5 years.
My sister has had very little consistency in her life, so she clings on to me very tightly, calling and not wanting to get off the phone for around 3 hours, at least twice a day. I don't know how to tell her that i don't want to talk this much because im naturally introverted and it drains me.
Am I the problem here or is my girlfriend being unreasonable
Need a lie to tell parents 18 woman 23 man
Wife not including me in her activites
Was he [M/21] just looking to hookup with me [F/21] or what? I feel stupid
Need a lie to tell our parents......
My mom forces me into religion despite knowing I don’t believe.
I can't deal with my family and its affecting my relationship with my boyfriend
Stupid boyfriend uses cleaning materials around my dog.
19F and no idea about my sexuality
My GF(21F) looked through my (21M) phone and found inappropriate messages
My girlfriend [F18] and I [M22] want to sleepover at my house for 1 yr anniversary. Since her parents are strict about that, incl previous failed attempts she decided to say that she will sleepover at her friend's house
Am I a bad person? What should I do?
Reason to break up
How I got married with trust even if it is through the traditional way?!
My [
How do I (22F) cope with my boyfriends (29M) lack of emotions?
33f LL Desperately seeking (self) change
Should I (29F) tell my partner (38M) that I love him?
Was he [M/21] just looking to hookup with me [F/21] or what? I feel stupid
My [32M] wife [27F] wants to have our baby boy’s middle name be her deceased ex’s name
My girlfriend [F18] needs help to make up a story in order to sleepover at my place [M22] in for our 1 year anniversary
Have you ever been the toxic one? (F,38)
Not sure about my bf and social media
I couldn't make the decision of marriage!
My boyfriend (23m) restricted me (22f) on Instagram but accidentally showed me evidence that he did it but when I confronted him, he denied it by saying it happened in his pocket by ‘accident’
My boyfriend says he doesn’t know if he sees a future with me
My (31f) germaphobe boyfriend (30) get anxious and treats everyone around him poorly
I want kids and my relationship isn't ready.
Have you been the toxic one? (F,38)
Have you been the toxic one?
24 [F4M] - What if i told you
My boyfriends says he doesn’t know if he sees a future with me
My [26M] GF [26F] has turned around and said I could of made her birthday better and I could have put more effort in, now I’m feeling that I break of this relationship, am I justified in thinking this
germaphone bf (30) is bossy and mean to me (30f) and others when he’s stressed
Tips for FWB with someone I previously dated?
J, My Bubby
Is this considered cheating? Or am I just overreacting?
Struggling with myself
J, my Bubby
Unintended positive byproduct of Social Distancing: less Sexual Harrassment?
How do you react to /compliment a girl who sends you a lot of pics of herself?
How do you react to /compliment a girl who sends you a lot of pics of herself?
Am I being manipulated?
There is a quote that should NEVER be uttered in a healthy relationship: "The road to hell is paved with good intentions".
talking to my ex
I [30M] am wrestling with breaking up with my girlfriend [27F] of ~2 years given dynamics of coronavirus situation
Boyfriend (30M) only watches teen porn
Looking for support in this hard decision. Long.
There is a quote that should never be uttered in a relationship: "The road to hell is paved with good intentions".
Should I(31M) text my EX(29F)?
I (22F) want to rebuild relationship with brother (16M) after complicated childhood and dad'd death 7 years ago
I slept with my opposite sex roommate and now I don't know how to feel...
talking to my ex
There is one quote that should be left out if relationships at all costs: "The road to hell is paved with good intentions"
My [26M] GF [26F] has argued with me all day over her birthday! Saying I could of done more and I’ve made it a bad birthday. I’m thinking about breaking it off with her am I justified?
My (30) year old boyfriend only watches teen porn
Is this considered cheating? Or am I overreacting?
He keeps talking to “HER”
Feeling like I'm (30F) having an existential (quarter life?) crisis when it comes to relationships. There's also an added complication.
How to get over my (M/19) girlfriends (F/20) past
I (27f) rejected someone (27m) I was seeing. But now I’m sad.
I (27M) want to pursue a romantic relationship with an employee (21F) who is also interested
My boyfriend (30) watches exclusively “teen” porn
I don’t think my boyfriend is actually attracted to me
How do i talk to my boyfriend about being an HSP?
I [24f] have no idea what I want to do with my life, and it’s severely stressing me out
My girlfriend is still friends and talks with her ex, is this ok?
Should I be upset my boyfriend talks to his ex still ?
Should I try to talk to my ex parents to let them know that how awful they are making him feel?
My boyfriend friends don't like me, what should i do ?
[19M] [19F] HAS ANY ONE BEEN IN A NON OFFICIAL RELATIONSHIP KNOWING BOTH OF YOU LOVED EACH OTHER BUT BOTH OF YOU NOTICED 2 LATE
Should I be upset that my boyfriend still talks to his ex?
My boyfriend says he doesn’t know if he sees a future with me, what should I do?
I broke up with my bf. Should I talk to his parents about how awful they make him feel?
Suppressing emotions is a manly thing to do in a relationship
Boyfriend is insecure about me?
I (27m) want to date an employee under me(21f).
I broke up with my bf because of his insecurities, family problems and frustrations. He never let me help him. Should I talk to his parents about how awful they make him feel?
Is it possible to have the same level of comfort around adulthood friends as you do with childhood friends?
I (28M) don't know if I can pursue a new relationship after what I did to my (31F) ex
Should I (18f) ask him (20m) out?
I broke up with my bf because of his insecurities, family problems and frustrations. He never let me help him. Should I talk to his parents and let them know how awful they make him feel?
Should I(31M) text my EX(29F)?
I don’t think my boyfriend is actually attracted to me
I (15M) still need help moving on from her (15F) 😢
Should I(21M) be afraid to grab my GF’s(20F) hips while we are making out
How can I [21f] get out of a toxic household without causing any damage or disruption to my family?
Is it possible to have the same level of comfort around adulthood friends as you do with childhood friends?
How do I reject my friend who has a crush on me?
Is it possible to have the same level of comfort around adulthood friends as you do with childhood friends?
My [21M] ex [21F] is telling everyone I raped her, I don’t think I did?
Is it possible to have the same level of comfort around adulthood friends as you do with childhood friends?
Am I in the wrong here? Or Am I right? I got in a fight for checking one of my gf's what's app groups and getting angry
22 & Still Single: Is something wrong with me?
Is Something Wrong With Me?
My boyfriend friends don't like me
Today's marks 1 year since we broke up, I still miss her
Does my close guy friend (22m) like me (21f) more than a friend?
Broke off two friendships
Sister (21f) keeps telling my parents (both 50+) I consider my college home after a single semester and I can tell it hurts my dad
I think my boyfriend isn’t attracted to me
Struggling with all close friendships
How can I [23M] help my girlfriend [almost 22F] feel better about herself?
My 15yo sister is very rude to my mom and refuses to join in on family activities. How can I help her?
How to deal with his cat?
My boyfriend has some uncomfortable boundaries with his female friends and I'm not sure if I'm overreacting. Would really appreciate an outsider's perspective on this!
Patience with boyfriend who wants his daughter time separate
I [19F] moved back in with my toxic family, particularly my dad [50sM] temporarily; How do I cope and keep the peace?
My 15yo sister is very disrespectful to our Mom and she never joins in on family activities anymore
Powerless to Help
Patience or no patience with boyfriend who wants his daughter time separate from me and my boys
I (24F) be in love with my best friend (32 F)
Should I (21F) break up with my boyfriend (21M)?
My girlfriend of 2 years (21F) says she isn't comfortable with me(21M) thinking sexually about her.
How to deal with nitpicking roommates?
My (22f) boyfriend (27m) isn’t interested in having sex with me anymore. I don’t know what to do.
Does my close guy friend (22m) like me (21f) more than a friend?
To be or not to be patient when blending family & boyfriend keeps our families separate
I [22/f] made out with another guy
Was my entire relationship a lie?
Male [31] Me and my 31 year relationship with humanity. Take a shot, maybe save a life.
Virtual Dating Woes
My boyfriend wants to spend the night at his ex-wife’s house with his children while she is there
My [25F] SO’s [25M] friendship [24F] makes me uncomfortable. Is this normal?
My boyfriend wants to spend the night with his kids at his ex’s house while his ex is there
I (28F) THINK MY BOYFRIEND(M32) OF 1 YEAR IS BISEXUAL
He broke up with me and we have a child together LDR
I (21F) am not sure if my relationship with my mom (38F) will ever recover
Powerless to Help
I(22f) cant get over this guy (23m) I was talking to and I know I need to move on (2 months)
Was my relationship a lie?
How can I [21f] get out of a toxic household without causing any damage or disruption to my family?
Used or was she true?
I (F19) got called out as my guy friend’s (M19) crush and now my relationship with my boyfriend (M20) is jeopardized because of my guy friend’s selfish acts
Why is my [24M] co-worker [23F] keeping me a secret from her partner [22M]?
I (21F) always get easily irritated with my bf (23M)
My (18M) girlfriend (19F) wants to stop having sex and connect to God because he takes away her anxiety
What are secret things you love about your partner that you haven’t told them?
Old friends
Opinions on sex work when in relationship?
What irks me more than anything 😅😅
Should I text my EX?
at the beginning of a romantic relationship, how realistically you see your partner, your future together?
Old "friends"
I (F19) got called out as my guy friend’s (M19) crush, and now my relationship with my boyfriend (M20) is jeopardized cause guy friend’s selfish post
Unreasonably friends with my ex
My (24M) girlfriend (24F) of four months made a suggestion about making out with a friend of a friend (23F) and I don't know how to feel about it.
I (20 f) am being abused by my casual partner (22 m). What do I do?
My girlfriend is petty and I'm unthoughtful, where do we go from here?
Unreasonably friends with my ex
I've been really struggling...
My boyfriend (23M) and I (19F) changed Easter Plans the day before and it caused a lot of drama and hurt
I (20 f) am being abused by my casual partner (22 m). How do I get out?
The mother [?F] of my [26F] LDR [25M] 6 months is trying to ruin his life
Me (M20) feels absolutely lost and broken after breaking up with girlfriend (F19)
Partner of 9 years, wife of ~4 told me she stopped talking to a co-worker because she had feelings for him. I don't know where to go from here
I don’t know if I should break up with my (potentially) borderline boyfriend
My girlfriend makes me miserable.
The Lord gives and takes away
I don’t know if I should break up with my (potentially) borderline boyfriend
My [30f] mother in law [60f] is ruining her family with conspiracy theories.
My girlfriend makes me miserable.
‘Stepford’ Partner
My girlfriend makes me miserable.
I am emotional abusive. I need help.
my boyfriend (m17) keeps asking to see my (f16) tits.
Who else finds someone more attractive who is from out of town?
my boyfriend keeps asking to see my tits
I’m afraid I (23f) am starting to resent my bf (24m) for being depressed. How do I talk to him about it?
Financial irresponsibility and instability was a significant factor in ending a relationship... And sometimes I feel guilty for that
The thing I’m going to miss most about my bf...
I (23f) know that I do not want this life with my boyfriend (25m) for the rest of my life, but my feelings are so strong I cannot imagine life another way
How do I ask an online friend if we're flirting?
My(M-16) first ever relationship with my best friend who technically doesn't feel things as strongly as I do
I [23M] am dealing with the realization that I will never achieve anything in life. How can I deal with this?
My(M-16) first relationship ever and my S.O. says that she isn't the one who can feel strongly
I (23F) am starting to resent my bf (24m) for being depressed-how do I bring it up?
Its almost her birthday and quarantine has her sick of me
I (30sF) am coming to the sad realization that my husband (40sM) is not who I need him to be, and I fear a separation/divorce is inevitable.
My[19M] insecurities are driving me, and likely my girlfriend [18F] insane. What do?
I (20M) need advice on how to handle girl (21F) on pulling away
I (19m) sent a self conscious pic to gf (19f) and got a weird response
My [25M] wife [24F] 1.5 years has asked to join my TTRPG groups and I wouldn’t like that.
He (32/M) doesn't mention me (31/F) when talking to his family
My [30F] friend’s [30F] husband [35M] hit on me, our common friends told me not to tell her and now she’s not speaking to me; How do I reconcile with doing nothing wrong but being the only one bearing the consequences?
Financial irresponsibility played a role in ending relationship...
Damnit Man
My (19m) gf (19f) of 11 months responded to a self conscious pic I sent her with a weird response
My [21F] little brother [17M] doesn’t talk to anyone in the family.
What all can vertically challenged men do to increase their success rate in dating?
My girlfriend is petty and I'm unthoughtful, where do we go from here?
My bf(23M) says I’m(22F) not his fantasized girl. How do I get over this?
How can I (26F) tell my boyfriend (35M) that I think he spends too much time talking to his children?
Damnit Man
I'm (29F) having second thoughts of COVID breakup with boyfriend (29M)
How do you deal with a breakup in quarantine
Bipolar depression mixed with suicide and I feel like my partner is getting sick of it
Breaking up is hard sometimes
Am I [M/27] in the wrong with my close friend [M/27]?
Me (M19) have bipolar depression mixed with suicide and I feel like my partner (F20) is getting sick of it
How do I [26F] move forward after finding him[26M] texting other women days before I gave birth?
My [30f] mother in law [60f] believes in covid conspiracy theories.
(25f)(33m) Guy I've been seeing never told me he was married
Damnit Man
Bipolar depression mixed with suicide and I feel like my partner is getting sick of it
My bf says I’m not his fantasized girl. How do I get over this?
How do you respond to a "I miss u" text when you don't miss them back?
How to get over retroactive jealousy?
How can I improve behaviors my boyfriend won’t tolerate ? [F24][M25] 2 year relationship
How do you respond to a "I miss u" text when you don't miss them in return?
How to get over retroactive jealousy?
Bipolar depression mixed with suicide and I feel like my partner is getting sick of it
I (29F) going through a breakup (29M) compounded by social isolation
I (F18) Am Not Sure How To Tell My BF (M20) That I’m Gay...Or If I Even Should
Uhhh....I need some help please, (13)
I (F18) Am Not Sure How To Tell My BF (M20) That I’m Gay...Or If I Even Should
Does anyone know how to resolve this issue with my boyfriend? (F24)(M25) 2 year relationship
How to tackle him[26m] talking to other women days before I [25F]was due to give birth?
My (22F) best friend (22M) told me he wanted a break from our friendship a month ago
I'm struggling to get through my break up
I'm having trouble moving past my break up.
My (22F) best friend (22M) told me he wanted a break from our friendship a month ago
Having a communication problem
My[23M] girlfriend[22F] and I broke up over significant issues but I want to get back together eventually and I'm having a hard time figuring out how to do this.
Broke up with GF over texts with grown man
Did my boyfriend cross my boundaries?
My (18M) girlfriend (18F) made me feel like an asshole and I overreacted when our friend “confessed his love” for her.
I [29 F] want to introduce my BF [31M] to chastity play. How can I start the conversation.
19 [F4M] - What if i told you
19 [F4M] - What if i told you
How do I reinsert myself with my friends?
I (M25) have erection issues while with my gf(F26) of 1,5 yers
Am I overreacting about my boyfriend watching porn?
Have you ever woke up with no interest in talking with your partner?
Gbsgvs7gsvgsv
Dead people ruined sex for me (M33)
Woke up with no interest in talking with my gf
What thing could I do with my girlfriend to prove she can still trust in me if we can’t se each other?
Mismatched ambition in relationship 28(F) with 46(M) Can it work?
I(24M) have lots of problems with my girlfriend(24F) these days.
Dead people ruined sex for me...
Girlfriend of 7 years abruptly broke up
My GF cheated on her ex
Should I be worried that my bf said I’m not his fantasized girl?
Should I wait?
Should I (20F) tell my close FWB (23M) that a guy (20M) made me feel physically violated and that’s why I’m upset?
He (24M) and I (23F) have changed and I’m wondering if we’re too different to make it work
Broke up with my girlfriend of 5 years.
He (22M) and I (23F) have changed and I’m wondering if we’re too different to make it work
My man left me
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) is lying to me about an old hookup
My (18F) boyfriends (23M) cuckholding fetish is ruining our relationship
Girlfriend of 7 years abruptly broke up
AITA for rejecting my crush?
Broke up with my girlfriend of 5 years.
Me [F16] talked with guy [M21] on reddit for 4 days.
My (18F) boyfriends (23M) cuckholding fetish is ruining our relationship
Should i get child services involved? Its my sister but im shaken as how she treats her child...
Frustrated with my feelings of jealousy
Rvrvrv
I (33/F) am struggling with my need for space with my partner (34/m)
Following two toxic relationships, I [23m] do not feel anything for girls who care about me, and are emotionally healthy anymore.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) has been lying to me about an “old hookup”
I [23m] after a year of dating toxic "popular girls", I don't feel anything in normal healthy relationships anymore
I [22/f] made out with another guy
I'm (28F) too anxious to clean or cook while living with my bf (29M)
I (M25) have erection issues while with my gf(F26) of 1,5 yers
I[M20] got my Girl[F19] pregnant tell me what to do
Am I right to be annoyed that my husband refused to have sex after spending the entire day flirting and turning me on?
I [25F] am having second thoughts about committing the rest of my life to my partner [27M] of 4 years
I (21F) am not really sure how to handle the situation with my friend (21F) of 3 years
Am I in the wrong for getting annoyed at my husband for refusing sex after spending the entire day turning me on?
Should I just get over it? How?
How did you move on to a successful relationship after dating liars/cheaters?
Future relationship concern
Me [28M] with my [27F] girlfriend of 4 months keep having talks about if we should break up because I don't know if I want kids in the future.
Can my (23F) relationship work with a (23M) bi guy
Is this considered abuse?
How did you move on to a successful relationship after dating liars/cheaters?
My (32F) boyfriend (39M) have different views on finances and it’s coming to a head living together
Should I just get over it? How?
If a family member tells you that there’re pregnant is that supposed to be a secret?
I (23F) don't know what to do about my boyfriend(23M
I fucked up. But I still don't think this is fair.
Those who managed to be friends with an ex: did you ever talk about your issues/ mention the past when you reconnected, or just let it go?
My (25 F) brother (31 M) and I feel blind sided and disrespected by our dad (63 M)
why do i fake having feelings for people
i act as if i have crushes on people when i don't really have feelings for them
Why do I feel like getting back together after I broke up with him?
Should we become casual or should we move on
I (22F) have never been in a normal relationship.
Why do I feel like getting back together after I broke up with him?
[f19] Had two massive screaming matches with mom [f42] over Syrian refugees. What do?
Why does my bf ft me when he’s gaming?
Bf being underpaid, could do better, too proud of his company
I (23F) don't know if I should be with my boyfriend (23M)
Is it normal for my boyfriend to be super into ass play for himself
Don’t know how to be there for people personally
I think my childhood bff [M24] and I [F24] could not be more perfect for each other. He doesn't see it that way though, at least not anymore.
Boyfriend(M24) makes me(F22) feel like he only wants sex and he won’t change or stop the behavior.
Covid and relationships
Ex on my mind again
Boyfriend(M24) makes me(F22) feel like a sexual object and won’t stop or change behavior.
I think my childhood best friend and I couldn't be more perfect for each other. The only thing is, he doesn't feel the same way. Well, not anymore.
Fiancé complains about not getting affection but makes things sexual every time I try to be affectionate
Is it really a friend group when we all only like one person?
After a year and a half of his death I still love him
My (F20) flatmate (F21) talks about coronavirus ALL THE TIME and it's starting to take a toll on my mental health
I'm [26M] at a loss of what to do about toxic co-worker [36M]
I (24M) recently got into a big spat with a long time best friend/ex (24M) and things are rocky.
I can't move on from my past relationship and it's really making things awful in my life
I'm [26M] at a loss of what to do about toxic co-worker [36M]
Sexless relationship: Should I (57F) let him go (58M) even though he is an awesome man and we are very compatible otherwise?
Did my boyfriend cross my boundaries?
I broke up with a girl who I thought was the one and now i cant stop thinking about her
Disgusted in my boyfriends habits but I still love him. I need help!
[f19] Had two massive screaming matches with mom over Syrian refugees. What do?
Ghosted after 3 months of a good relationship.
Relationship is almost perfect, except sexually.
I broke up with the best girl I ever met in my life and now I cant get over her
I don’t feel so good after the girl I’ve been texting for a month asked me to text her back to get a drink after Quarantine is over.
Should I (21m) escalate things with my best friend (20f) when we get drunk at the beach when the quarantine is over?
How do I (18m) differentiate between love and lust?
I broke up with someone who I've been dating for 4 years,and now I cant stop overthinking
How can I( 21m)escalate things with my best friend(20f) that broke up with her boyfriend last week and wants to get drunk with me at the beach when then quarantine is over?
We (30s) have done some of the house over. Husband (30s) is keeping the den(his area) like a junk yard with dead bugs, beer bottles, pungent smells and it's really taking a toll on me. I (30s) want to change the area, but I am intruding on his space.
My (38m) gf's (25f) ex (late20sm) won't stop texting her.
How do I (18m) differentiate between love and lust?
Bf is perfect, except sexually
Could you ever trust someone again after finding out yourself they cheated on you?
I'm M29 not satisfied with my marriage and I feel I don't love my wife F28 anymore.
I (23F) think I'm impossible to date (rape, sexual assault tw)
Can there still be trust after cheating...
Could you ever trust someone again after finding out yourself they cheated on you?
Im done with my mom Her and I are finished.
Question that is bothering me about dating.
How can I approach this situation, is it worth it?
Should I wait?
My ex (22M) and I (19F) are trying to be friends but I am still in love. Is it possible to actually be friends with an ex?
Should I wait?
I'm not satisfied with my marriage and I feel I don't love my wife anymore.
I had made the wrong choice
How to get over my feelings for my coworker
Im done with my mom Her and I are finished
How to get over my coworker?
GF broke up with me
GF broke up with me
Should I (22F) go to Easter dinner with my bf's (25M) family even though I don't want to?
I [34M] am experiencing an inability to accept my fiance's [31F] flaws / differences
My mother in law(40 years old) is a gold digger
Me [22M] had an unsettling talk with my GF [20F] and need help how to proceed
My GF doesn’t spend time with me during Coronavirus ?
--- **TL;DR;**: my post is about behaviors I want to change and would like to advise on how to change these specific behaviors
My boyfriend (22m) lies.
Am I [26F] rude or are my neighbours just weird?
My husband makes me feel worthless. What am I doing wrong?
A fairytale ending? Very long read.
My husband has made me feel worthless. What did I do wrong?
I [34M] am experiencing an inability to accept my fiance's [31F] flaws / differences
Me (29M) Her (22F). Was she flirting without me knowing?
how can I stop these behaviors?
I [22M] can't stop reminiscing about my ex [20M] of 2.5 years and I'm not sure how to stop
can someone please give me solid constructive criticism on what I can do to change my behaviors without judgment? tips would be very helpful
I (23F) had recently started sleeping with the guy (24M) who took my virginity.
I (23M) feel I've drifted apart from my BF (27M) and I'm tired of trying to make it work - COVID was the final straw
Me [19 M] and my GF [20 F] are spending almost no time together (long distance)
Going on a break
I(23F) love my bf(24M) a lot but i think we need to break up
I think quarantine is ruining my relationship...
Trying to be as considerate as possible
Me [22M] with my GF [20F] had an unsettling talk yesterday. Don’t know how to proceed.
My friend (25M) admitted that he wanted to have sex with me (23F) and he told me he loved me
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) won't cut off a girl (21F) and it's driving me crazy.
I (F/19) have no idea what to do for my boyfriend (M/18)
Me [19 M] and my GF [20 F] are almost not spending any time together anymore
Why does my [22M] family [55M, 52F, 30M] say one thing, but when I do that one thing they say another?
I [24 M] think I fell out of love with my live in girlfriend [23 F], we’ve been talking about buying a house and marriage and I’m starting to think she isn’t the one.
Insecure about my body and I’m scared my future partner will judge
I have friends but I don't like their company anymore. What should I do?
Me [18M] and my Friend [18F] are both in love, but the distance due to the quarantine is driving both of us insane
Should I tell him about my past struggles?
Can my (35m) girlfriend (31f) and I’s relationship survive a lack of mutual friends?
I declined a one on one date with a guy I've met on Bumble. Was it the right move?
My brother [22M] and my [26M] relationship is becoming more strained over politics.
Should I break it off ...
I let him go, though I hope one day he'll want me back..
Girlfriend wants to go on a break
My [26M] brother[22M] has completely changed over the course of two years.
My girlfriend thinks I’m gay
Me [19 M] and my GF [20 F] spend almost no time together anymore
How do I set up boundaries for girlfriend-only time or activites in games with my(28/f) boyfriend(27/m)
My (F35) boyfriend (M31) insisted on knowing everything about my sexual history. Now he has issues with his size
My (22F) BF (23M) lies to me about smoking weed for the third time
I’ve (f20) given up on helping my alcoholic grandmother (f59) because she emotionally manipulates me. Am I in the right for cutting her out of my life?
Me [19M] and GF [18] changed our relationship to just being friends after 3 years..
My girlfriend thinks I’m gay
I [25M] just found out my childhood crush [24F] was reported missing the years ago, and never found. How do I process this?
I [22] had an unsettling talk with my GF [20]. Not sure how to proceed
My girlfriend thinks I’m gay
How to know if your girlfriend truly loves you?
My girlfriend thinks I’m gay
Am I in the wrong for asking my(f27) boyfriend(m26) of 4 years to treat time we spend together in a specific game as a date night or girlfriend-only activity?
My best friend (18) may be dating my sister’s “ex” (23)
Guy (21M) that I (19F) have been talking to for six months suddenly blocked me on everything
My partner said last night “I just want to adopt” even though he knows it’s my dream to carry my own baby?
I’ve (f20) given up on helping my alcoholic grandmother (f59) because she emotionally manipulates me
My partner said last night “I just want to adopt” when he knows my dream is to carry my own baby?
I want to get my ex back
GF texting other guy
I forgave her, but she would not hypothetically forgive me
What is wrong with my ex? He (22m) me back after seeing someone else
My (F/19) boyfriend's (M/18) birthday is coming up soon. What do i get him?
Ex (22M) emailed me a 4 page love letter saying he wants me back after seeing someone else
I (F/22) hold a grudge against my long term boyfriends (M/22) mum after I found out she complained about me behind my back
How would you feel if your ex wanted to get back with you after they were seeing someone else?
Me [22] had an unsettling talk with my girlfriend [20]. Need help thinking this through
Ex just added a love song to our playlist
How would you feel if your ex wanted to get back with you after they were seeing someone else?
my mother has a girlfriend and I feel like I lost a mother
My best friend (18) may be dating my sister’s “ex” (23)
My boyfriend (M/18) and I (F/19) are stuck apart this quarantine but his birthday is coming up. What can I do as a present for him?
I really want to cheat on my boyfriend.
My "friend" (27M) touched me (24F) in my sleep twice and our friends still think I'm lying 7 years later
Never went into a real relationship
Can you help me?
(23f)(30m) Bad jealousy with my bf regarding his exes - can’t get the images out of my head.
Regret deleting partner off social media and i keep overthinking it. Any advice is appreciated
Me (21M) and my Girlfriend (21F) have been dating for 6 months now. I am bored of the relationship
My best friend (18) may be dating my sister’s “ex” (23)
Mixed signals or rejection?
Sexual friendship
My "friend" (27M) molested me (24F) and our friend group still thinks I'm a liar 7 years later
Want to fuck my friends
Should I continue working for my husbands family for free?
First post since fiancé cheated on me with one of our best friends. Would love some advise
Fucking Your Friends
Should I continue working for free for my husbands family?
Rainbow pictures - Tiverton
People with no family, friends or SO, how do you get support?
How can i forget someone?
**TL;DR;** : I don't know if a guy who likes me is being sincere.
Male 26: "My Girlfriend of 8 months, Female 29, has migrated her cat here and it's really starting to negatively effect my sleep, health and relationship with her"
just a bit of advice from u girls?
HELP. I am not sure if the guy who likes me is being sincere.
my best friend (18) may be dating my sisters (24) “ex”
Ex problems
Ex problems
I want very badly to write to my ex after over a year, what do you think?
Is he cheating?
I (M28) just lost my partner (F22) as she fell out of love with me.
Can you help me?
Do I have the right to not let my boyfriend/father of my child sleep here because of the pandemic?
I (M28) just lost my partner (F22) because she fell out of love with me.
Male 26: "My Girlfriend of 8 months (Female 29) has migrated her Cat here and it is getting in the way of my sleep and our relationship!"
I want to write to my ex a year and quarter after the breakup, what do you think of this?
My (F20) partners (nb23) parents are homophobic and will never accept me and I don't know what to do
My (25f) boyfriend’s (29m) unwillingness to prioritize his health is driving me over the edge.
Getting my ex back
How I (30F) envision meeting a guy (30M), never actually been in a relationship
Am I Being Unreasonable With My Girlfriend, Her Cat & The Sleeping Arrangements?!
i fell in love, she is not over her ex
How to stop getting irrationally irritated with my mum (who is a lovely human being)?
Is it wrong to message an ex to ask questions and seek clarification, or just to make sure they understand you?
Lockdown making my relationship difficult
Was I (22F) wrong for cutting off contact with him (24M)?
Differences in our views on intimacy, I think my partner and myself view sex and intimacy in a fundamentally different way.
I (25F) lose interest/start to dislike friends and boyfriends as soon as they demonstrate commitment/stability, what should I do?
I [f25] have a mental health disorder, could that be a dealbreaker in dating? Why?
Can’t control moods when boyfriend is video calling friends
My boyfriends (21 M) family are a mess and I don’t know if I should put up with it anymore
Can’t control mood when boyfriend is video calling friends
Can’t control mood when boyfriend is video calling friends
Need someone else’s view on our relationship.
(28f)(29m) My boyfriend told me how much he enjoyed sleeping with his exes - and I feel like he preferred them.
What makes a relationship?
I wanna break up: How do I do it?
(20M) might want to be in a relationship with best friend (22M)
I (20 F) need advice on my boyfriend (21 M) family and how I should go about my dislike for them and some things that have occurred
I cringe at my bfs nudes. Does this mean he’s not the one
26M trying to make things work with gf 26M
Looking for some breakup advice
Should i stay or should i go?
I need advice on my boyfriends family and how to cope with certain issues
Newly single men here...I need to pick your brains.
I am horny most of the time and my bf is either not interested or he goes masturbates in the shower. Please help!
I need feedback on me (23F) proposing g to my boyfriend (29M)
I (32) am writing a book for newly single men....I would love to pick your brains...
I'm writing a book for newly single guys....I would love to pick your brains....
I think my (28m) and my partners (25f) views on intimacy are fundamentally different, despite how wonderful our relationship seems, there’s a constant niggle at the back of my mind.
[18M] Making a bold move to better myself and my friendship with my [20F] ex-girlfriend
I Wrote book about you
I (24M) think my TA (20sF) winked at me and don't know how I feel about it
I feel like i want to get laid more than my BF
how can I stop getting so easily irritated by my mother (who is a lovely human being)?
This is actually a great way to strengthen the relationship during these tough time
I (m 20)made a mistake after four years of friendship.. I wish I had her back in my life (f 19).. Please read (tl:dr), please share..
how do i get over a 2+ year relationship?
I need feedback on me (23F) proposing to my boyfriend (29M)
I (F/22) hold a grudge against my long term boyfriends (M/22) mum after I found out she bitched about me behind my back
Indifferent about social-distancing despite being in 4yr LTR - I feel guilty!
I (24M) think my TA (20sF) winked at me and don't know how I feel about it
I (24F) am unsure if I'm being needy or if he (24m) is being selfish. [SERIOUS REPLIES ONLY]
I [18M] am in love with a married woman [43F] after crossing boundaries with her, how can I handke my situation?
Indifferent about social-distancing despite being in 4yr LTR - I feel guilty.
how do i get over a 2+ year relationship?
GF’S(21) friends sent nudes. How do I(21F) proceed?
My (25m) girlfriend (24f) doesn’t let things go and stews in her anger and it’s making me doubt everything
GF’S(21) friends sent nudes. How should I(21F) proceed?
My (25m) girlfriend (24f) doesn’t let things go and stews in her anger and it’s making me doubt everything
I [18M] am in live with a married woman [43F] how should I handle this situation?
Should I (32M) be concerned about my wife (34F) enforcing double standards?
Should I (32M), be concerned about my wife (34f) constantly enforcing double standards?
I confessed my feelings... now what
GREEN PINS?
My relationship with my best friend.
I(30M) met my new girlfriend's(30F) sisters and their husbands tonight using a game / videochat app it was fun but surreal.
How to deal with an fearful avoidant attachment type ex girlfriend ? Does no contact work with them ?
I(30M) met my new girlfriend's(30F) sisters and their husbands tonight using a game / videochat app it was fun but surreal.
Should I (24F) be concerned about my roommate (24M) coming into my room with a loaded shot gun?
The transit cop who stole my heart pt 4
I confessed my feelings, now what...
Family friend [36M] keeps trying to cheat on his fiancé [31F] with me [19F] what action should I take?
My (23F) Bf (33M) is still friends with his Ex (30F) and I hate it
I'm (f 20) scared that (m 19) will be disgusted with my vagina
Family friend [36F] keeps trying to cheat on his fiancé [31F] with me [19F] what should I do?
Am I being emotionally abusive? Please help.
Idk what happened on my [24M] interaction with my crush [23F]. Any advice?
I (32F) do not know if I will take him (34M) back. Help!!
I (31F) do not know if I will accept my ex (33M) back or not. Help!!
Regret deleting partner off social media and i keep overthinking it. Any advice is appreciated
I need a woman's mind
I need a woman's mind on this
I need a woman's mind to confirm
Waiting for u..
Making friendship
Red flag: My (20F) boyfriend (21M) tells little lies about things going on in his life that he’s ashamed of.
I'm at a loss
Red flag: My (20F) boyfriend (21M) tells little lies to me about things that he thinks I won’t like.
I [29m] was packing and found my [28f] girlfriend's vibrator while packing and don't know what to do
Unsure of my relationship
Should I delete photos of my ex on the social media?
I [m29] found my [f28] girlfriend's vibrator while packing
Should I delete photos of my ex before meeting someone new?
Reddit got me a serious friend and possible Girlfriend?!?
Should I delete photos of my ex on the social media before meeting someone new?
How do I / Should I [23F] ask my roommates [23Fs] to pay months old internet bills?
Do guys my age (F24) still ask girls out on dates?
I (23f) just found out my fiancé (21m) had a secret kik account
I inadverdently had phone sex??
Need advice; How to go into relationships as a closeted genderqueer/FTM trans?
I'm in love with my best friend ... uh... Again? [22F & 24M]
I (23f) just found out my fiancé (21m) had a secret kik account
I need help emotionally detaching myself from my family.
I think I'm in love with my best friend... Uh... Again? [24M&22F]
How do I stop my insecurity from causing me to be negative towards other?
I think I [22F] am still in love with my best friend [24M]
Toxic, possessive mother — need some advice, people to relate to (daughters and sons welcome, but daughters encouraged)
My [F22] friends [F23] have been distant and bailed on me... thoughts and advice?
How do I get past the trust issues and the knowledge of so many guy's card's and have a relationship with anyone
Need advice entering relationships as a closeted FTM trans/genderqueer person?
Friend advice?
How come when I ask a girl if she's okay she says "I'm fine" but she is clearly not.
I [20 M] am having communication issues with my girlfriend [22 F]
Is profanity a type of abuse?
My [26, M] dad [59, M] is an attention-seeking narcissist who needs constant words of affirmation.
boyfriend (18 m) won’t delete a kinda ex off of social media but i (18 f) want him to
What do we do?
My husband (M30) wants to divorce me (F27) because my sister (F20)hooked up with his friend (M33) 2+ years ago
Why did my [30/M] friend [30/M] block me on social media but is still acting like she cares?
I (27F) started seeing my ex roommate (30M) and my friends think he’s a toxic person.
Open relationship advice
Should I [23/m] tell my coworkers [29/m] fiancé [29/f] that he cheated on her with my good friend [25/f] if he’s violent and potentially dangerous to me or my friend?
My(29M) little sister(19M) wants to stay with his other brother(34M) during quarantine
Parents cutting me off financially after graduation. Should I be mad?
Is this abuse?
My [26 M] girlfriend [27 F] and I of 2 years are quarantined away from each other and are having communication issues and her friend [30 M] is making things much worse.
My (F/23) ex (M/24) wants to get back together with me but he has a kid with another girl
I (27F) started seeing me ex roommate (30M) and my friends think he’s a toxic person.
I [23F] am considering coming out to my parents. My sister [18F] now wants to at the same time I do.
Bruh how do I even get one
How do you know if someone wanted to just hookup or an actual relationship
I [M30] am running out of patience with fiancé's [F31] drinking
Me 21F considering 22M
I (30/F) feel I am unable to grow in my role because my boss (35/M) is constantly micromanaging my projects. How should I solve this?
My boyfriend of over two years (22M) has been lying to me (21F) about some serious stuff for our entire relationship. Leaving him sounds exhausting but I don’t know if it’s even smart to forgive him for what he did.
My girlfriend says she doesn't love me and wants to find someone else bettet
My [F22] friends [F23] have been distant and bailed on me... thoughts and advice?
I [M30] am running out of patience with fiancé's [F31] drinking
I [F27] started seeing my ex roommate [M30] and a few of my friends think he’s a toxic person.
My boyfriend lied to me about how he was getting to work... i feel broken
What's this relationship quarantine thingi?
I (30/F) feel I am unable to grow in my role because my boss (35/M) is constantly micromanaging my projects. How should I solve this?
I thought he was cheating and it led to a weird place
I’m toxic
How to help my (22 F) younger brother (20 M) with social anxiety disorder?
My boyfriend (M/19) doesn’t like my (F/19) profession’s requirements...(please help)
Missing an old friend
Is 29 too old to get married and start a life?
Friends seem distant and have bailed... thoughts & advice?
i[16M] feel distant from my [16F] gf because of coronavirus
Am I(28f) degrading myself in this situation?
I [27M] just got dumped [29F]. I've noticed that I always get dumped after opening up emotionally
i feel distant from my gf because of
Missing an old friend
I [26m] have never met a single other person who knows my girlfriend [31f] and it’s driving me crazy
i[16M] feel distant from my [16F] gf because of coronavirus
I [19M] have been cut off by an internet friend [18F] of 2 years
[27M] I'm always the one getting dumped
[27M] I'm always the one getting dumped
How to help my younger brother with his social anxiety disorder?
I need someone else’s view on our relationship.
My friend [36M] won't stop sending me [30F] flirtatious messages late at night
Girlfriend [20F] and I [20 M] eventuallu goiing in different career directions and cities but want to stay together
My [M22] ex [F21] contacted me almost a year after our break up and I don't know if I should respond or not
I want my ex back.
Girlfriend [20F] eventually going to med school while I [20M] will work after college, different directions but we love each other and want to stay
I’m (19F) am unsure about what to do about my bf (20M) expectations for me as a woman.
tl;dr Cheated on my GF
Relationship after college; going different places; please help
Are my mental health issues causing these feelings or are we (me 27f, him 22m) incompatible?
BF (25) has chlamydia, at first I didn’t but now I have it?
long distance
i feel distant from my gf because of coronavirus
Great online library
Have you ever dated a guy/women who has children and he/she completely avoid his/her parenthood?
Gf doesnt love me (20F)
I cheated on my Gf and confessed, but she didn't dump me. AMA
My (34f) wife (34f) wants a maid not a wife.
I (21 M) have a desire to break up with my girlfriend (20 F) of 8 months but I don't want to be the first to hurt her.
Burdens and shame
my boyfriend (20M) is mad at me (21F) because I was right
F/37 dating M/44 during quarantine... 5 dates and unsure how to proceed.
Am I making a bad decision by not saying happy bday to my guy friend [23M] who I [23F] have grown apart from and have feelings for
Am I making a bad decision by not saying happy bday to my guy friend [23M] who I [23F] have grown apart from & feel forgotten by
NEED advice: boyfriend has secret onlyfans
Possibly non-religious girlfriend? How to move forward?
It feels like my boyfriend (27 M) would rather stream than see me (25 F).
Is he [M28] playing me [F24]?
(21F) (22m) is he into me or is he being nice ?
I'm mad at myself for not being happy for him; letting feelings of betrayal prevent myself from moving forward
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
Someone tried to ruin my (30F) relationship and I am hurt. How do I get past it?
Mom goes into fits of rage at me, then acts normal the next day and expects me to forgive, but I can’t
Assimilated too well into the coupled life, not quite sure who I am on my own anymore?
(33F) destroyed my future with (34M)
Levels of dating
I (27f) can't tell if this is a lull or I have lost interest in my relationship with him (22m)
How do I get over the fact that I hurt my s/o by leaving, but it was something I had to do.
I (33F) destroyed our future (34M)
Feeling threatened by my [F26] neighbour [F~30s-40s?] who abuses her son [M~4-6?] *HEAVY SUBJECT MATTER*
I destroyed our future
My (36f) friend (46f) has been preaching to me about Jesus and trying to convert me
Should I still be upset?
I (21f) lied to my long distance boyfriend (22m) and I don’t know how to gain his trust back
(21F) wants to say good bye to (21M) but doesn’t know how to.
My [36f] friend [46f] keeps preaching to me and trying to convert me to be Jesus believer
I'm insecure
I don't like myself
Doesn't love me (20M)
Wanting to leave and don’t know how to say goodbye.
I'm insecure
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
My [25M] girlfriend [24F] is always low and I don't even feel loved. I have done a lot for her in our 6 year old relationship but she is never available for me. Freaks out whenever I hint I'm unhappy and mostly blames me for being insensitive.
How to support my (22 F) younger brother (20 M) with social anxiety disorder?
What is it that makes some guys turn stalker-esque and obsessive/possessive so quickly?
I (24f) feel unsure about my relationship with my (26m) boyfriend of just a few months. I feel as if it's one-sided and that I'm the only one putting in effort.
Is it possible for him to be interested if he takes hours to reply to my text messages?
My family is falling apart...and I don't know what to do...
I (M15) STILL need help moving on from my gf (15F)
My [25M] girlfriend [24F] is always low and I don't even feel loved. I have done a lot for her in our 6 year old relationship but she is never available for me. Freaks out whenever I hint I'm unhappy and mostly blames me for being insensitive towards her.
Is it normal to get angry when your significant other gets drunk/drinks??
Stay a hopeless romantic or go back to being a cold realist?
Is it normal to think about my ex this much?
My (20 F) boyfriend of 2 years (21 M) admitted to lying to me about some serious stuff. I know we’re young, but we have interesting circumstances, so the thought of breaking up is traumatizing. What would YOU do?
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] feels discouraged/ashamed when I try to help him with school
Told an M(22) I like him, F(21)
I told a guy I like him and he said he was busy but then he started to act interested
Looking for encouragement to end my 6-year relationship and move out. I don't have much of a support system.
What do I do?
Can someone explain what it means to be liked by someone a lot but they tell you they don’t know if this is enough to keep?
I [25M] just found out that my grade school crush [24F] was reported missing three years ago, and never found. They think she was sold into some sort of sex trafficking ring. How do I process this?
Can someone explain what it means to be liked by someone a lot but they tell you they don’t know if this is enough to keep?
My 23F boyfriend 23M gets discouraged when I try to help him in school
BF M(27) wants to watch porn during sex F(23)
Stay a hopeless romantic or go back to being a cold realist?
intimacy/comittment issues
I [24F] broke up with my boyfriend [45M] and don’t know if I made the right decision.
Having issues finding common goals with my partner
intimacy issues
I’m worried that my relationship lacks genuine friendship.
When is it right to address her condescending tone, and when is it being over-sensitive?
How to handle [what I perceive to be] her condescending tone? When am I being too sensitive and when is it right to stand up for myself?
Sniffs the last of our stuff
I’m worried that my relationship is missing genuine friendship
I (30M) don't like my girlfriend's (22F) therapist. I want her to find another therapist but she refuses to.
Was he [M/21] just trying to hookup with me [F/21]? I'm so confused
I [23M] started to catch feelings for my casual hookup [23F], while simultaneously having a second girl [22F] fall for me.
Is he (31M) not interested in me (31F)?
My (23 F) boyfriend/fwb/ (it’s complicated) (26 M) is disgusting. Tried talking to him but he acts like i’m making too big of a deal with it. Now I want reddit’s opinion. (LONG)
My sister (25F) and parents (60s M/F) are always fighting and throw me into the middle of everything. I don’t want to be apart of my family anymore.
To those who ended relationship right before or after the social distancing quarantine, how do you feel about it now?
How to breakup long term relationship
To those who ended relationships right before the social distancing quarantine, how do you feel about it now?
How to breakup long term relationship
My boyfriend said he wanted to do it outside more
How do i (21f) help my boyfriend (23m) not blame himself for his grandpa’s death?
How to break up with a dependent partner
For those who ended a relationship right before or after the social distancing quarantine, how do you feel about it now?
Is it normal to feel like someone needs you more than you need them?
Who should pay on dates?
My[19F] boyfriend[21M]’s brother[14M] has no boundaries?
My (24) girlfriend (19) wants to spend more time hanging out with me
Questions about relationship with many arguments.
Update: I(23F) feel hurt by something my bf (28M) liked on fb and not sure if I'm being unreasonable
Struggling to find common goals with my partner
(23f) Growing resentment over stay at home dad (23m)
Is it weird to stay close friends with my (20M) ex (20F)?
Is it weird to stay friends with my (20M) ex (20F)?
My (23F) boyfriend (30M) is mad at me because I advised him to not hang out with friends during a pandemic
My[19F] boyfriend[21M]’s brother[14M] has no boundaries???
I'm (24M) cool with my sister (28F) announcing her pregnancy on my birthday. How do I deal with people who aren't?
My (23F) Growing resentment with stay at home dad (23m)
Questions about relationship with too many arguments
I(26m) have a new friend(25f) who thinks you shouldn't expect anything from anybody.
Confused about Intimate Friendships Vs Falling in Love
How do I (23M) give a wake up call to my (23F) gf of 7yrs?
Video surfaced on gf[21F] acting like a fuckboi. Harmless or not?
Bf(26) Gf(23)
Is it inappropriate to send your ex a birthday gift? If not, should it be done through mail or delivered in person? I'm not seeing anyone right now, and getting back together is out of the question.
Dating App advice for someone I've matched with 4 times now
Dating App advice for someone I've matched with 4 times
Have I [21F] crossed a boundary in my friendship with my advisor [80s M]? How can I best show respect to him and his family? Non-Romantic
F[24] Pisces M[33] Aries
Dating app advice for someone i've matched with 4 times now
my (17f) crush (18m) doesn't have a phone currently, what should i do?
Boy trouble. Need help
My [22F] partner [23M] won't post me on social media
Is it normal to feel like someone needs you more than you need them?
F/24, Pisces & m/33 Aries
I (23M) have trouble breaking the truth to my gf (23F) about her resume and possible future events
I[19M] tried having a relationship with a friend [18TF] but it quickly failed. I don't how to approach potential future relationships?
Have I [21F] crossed a boundary in my friendship with my advisor [80s M]? How can I best show respect to him and his family?
Me [16M] and the guy i’m talking to [17M] are arguing over what a healthy amount of communication is.
Is it inappropriate to send your ex a birthday gift? If not, should it be done through mail or delivered in person? I'm not seeing anyone right now, and getting back together is out of the question.
A reoccurring fight between me (24F) and my boyfriend (26M)
Should I (57F) offer more help to my BF (58M) when he is under the weather?
Should I (57F) offer more help to my BF (58M) when he is under the weather?
My (23F) boyfriend (30M) is mad at me because I advised him to not hang out with friends during a pandemic
I[19M] had a short fling with a friend [18TF], which I hoped would turn into a relationship. I don't know how to approach future relationships, what should I do?
My [21F] boyfriend [23M] wont post me on his instagram
Both mine (24F) and my bf’s (26M) point of views about our cleaning problem.
I’m [23] dating my ex boyfriends best friend [25] and while we connect I don’t know if it’s a good idea.
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
are depressed people doomed?
I need help with my situation
My [16M] and the guy i’m talking to [17M] are arguing over what a good amount of effort is.
To all the live-in couples who’ve never lived together before the lockdown but has been forced to because of the current situation: what are the things you’ve discovered about your partner that shocked you?
Just found out my (19f) boyfriend (21m) hooked up with the girl who’s been in love with him ever since. Am I overreacting?
[Serious] I can't tell if my crush is ignoring me or just didn't check his DM's - advice needed!
How to deal with a needy partner?
Should I stay in the relationship with somebody who doesn’t listen?
My [35F] Neighbors [35ish M/F] are blasting music all day and I can't escape it due to quarantine.
How to build/grow a long-distance relationship through text?
My [F,26] friend [M,30] randomly lashed out at me via text
How do I meet new people online/socialise online? The isolation is driving me to low places. 16m
I (30F) am afraid of my younger sister (18F)
My GF 33f demanding me 35m to help fix her problems but it has to be her way of doing it!!!
I (23M) have never met my best friends (23M) girlfriend and they’ve been dating for 3 years
My [Mid 50's] parents are already intensely critical of me [M25] and are making staying at home rough. Today they went through all the stuff I had in boxes that I had to bring home and took what they wanted for personal use. How do I tell them their behavior is unacceptable?
I (30F) am afraid of my younger sister (18F)
How to handle a needy partner?
I’m afraid (30F) of my younger sister (18F)
I (23M) have never met my best friends (23M) girlfriend and they’ve been dating for 3 years.
I cannot loose her....
Did I cheat ? I need help
My [32F] husband [43M] crossed a boundary when we had sex last night
Afraid of younger sister
I cannot loose her....
CMV: TOO MANY MARRIAGES ARE FRIENDSHIP BASED NOWADAYS, AND NOT LOVE BASED.
West Texas Quarantine. What am I supposed to do y’all?!?
My ex who dumped me says she didn't fall out of love with me (28M & 28F)
How do I (23m) get over my ex/first love (23f) of 5 years?
My sister in law gives family role titles to people who are not in our family and a weird man who voluntarily wants to babysit the kids.
At a stand still..
I feel so down
Should I feel bad about this?
I've (20f) been woth my boyfriend (24m) for 2 years and this have been perfect but now it feels like we're headed down too separate paths.
relationship with sister struggling under lockdown
My (22F) and guy friend (23M) blocked me after we had sex, our friend group is also confused
The past it´s a memory, the future uncertain and the present, it´s a gift
How long does it take to become best friends w/ your partner in a new relationship?
Deployed and wife (25f) wants to divorce me(29m)
How long does it take to become best friends w/ your partner in a new relationship?
My (22F) guy friend (23M) blocked me after we had sex, our friend group is also confused
I (22) cant shake irrational resentment for younger step sister (20)
I [18 M] am worried my weight will cause problems with a girl I like [18]
Dating after being abused by my mum
Did you date your friends sister? What was the spark of your story?
How do I (19F) get over the fact that our relationship ended & he’s (20M) not in my life anymore?
How do I ask my mom how she could ignore all of the obvious signs of my severe depression?
Who else dated their best friends sister, and what is the spark of your story?
I [18 M] am worried my weight will cause problems with a girl I like [18]
My (21M) gaming group had a large rift develop between several members and other one member
My family is falling apart and I don't know what to do
My [28F] siblings [20'sF, 20'sM] didn't tell me our grandmother died
My (25m) GF (24f) of 4 years has an onlyfans and there's waaay more on it than she told me there was. Help!
I wish I was happy in my marriage.
My [28F] siblings [27F, 24M] didn't tell me our grandmother died
29m feels that my wife 32f was the person I wanted to marry 6 years ago but as I'm approaching 30, she is really not the person I want to with.
My(22M) best mate (22M) showed an interest towards my sis(19F), which she returned.I,m confused on how to react.Any advice on this?
I [18F] feel like my relationship with my [21M] bf is dying
Ending a 3 year live-in relationship during quarantine (separating a life together & sharing our dog) - let this be the breaking point or give it time?
I’m deployed and Wife (25f) wants a divorce (29m)
Can you tell me what you think about the situation between me and this girl? Me 27 M Girl 22 F
My (25m) gf (24f) has an only fans and there's way more on it then she's told me there is. (PROBABLY NSFW?)
[28M]Honestly lost all faith in relationships
Coworker (f30+) accused me of timing my breaks to match hers. But she keeps trying to work near me (m24) and talk to me. Why?
Is he still into me? How soon is too soon to mention noticing a shift in his energy toward me? Fear seeming needy
I[28M] found out that my girlfriend[27F] is flirting with someone from work.
My(22M) best mate (22M) showed an interest towards my sis(19F), which she returned.I,m confused on how to react.Any advice on this?
I’m (16F) getting animal crossing new horizons tomorrow. My mom (36F) won’t stop bothering me about playing it with me.
Can you guys tell me what you think between this girl and me? Me 27M Her 22F
I’m (16F) getting animal crossing new horizons tomorrow. My mom (36F) won’t stop bothering me about playing it with me.
I(18M) has to deal with salty ex(18F) - we were together twice for a total 11 months. What do I do?
Honestly lost all faith in relationships
A co-worker (F30+) partially contributed to getting me fired by asserting I (M23) was trying to take breaks with hers. She continued to try to work near me and try to talk to me until my firing. Even though the Super showed her 24/7 footage that I was not following her, she insisted otherwise
I (25M) am attracted to someone I met online but we had a falling out of sorts I miss them but I don’t think they want to have anything to do with me right now I could use some advice
am i(16f) a bad person for wanting to breakup with my s/o (16m) because of his depression/issues with his ex even though he's really nice to me? Would it be wrong to leave him so i can have a girlfriend?
My (f/22) bf (m/23) has been incredibly absent.
My (F/22) Bf (M/23) has been so absent and doesn’t pay attention to anything I say.
I [26F] am currently quarantined with my crush [26M] and I'm losing my mind.
AITA for letting my kid drink bleach?
How to deal with salty exes?
My (21M) gaming group had a large rift develop between several members and other one member
It would be a good idea to talk to the girl's friend(20F) that I(24M) like?
Me and my ex-boyfriend when we were 25, I'm looking for the right words to describe what it was
My (F/21) Boyfriend (M/23) Likes To Block And Unblock Me, What Do I Do?
Feel like I'm losing all control
I'm fucking crushed
It would be a good idea to talk to the girl's friend(20F) that I(24M) like?
Today I cut off a best friend and I'm really happy
I have so much pent up issues I need to deal with and I don’t know how
My (18F) boyfriend (18m) didn’t like me reenacting this anime scene
I'm (27) and I've ruined my life.
Told I Need to Figure Myself Out
It would be a good idea to talk to the girl's friend(20F) that I(24M) like?
Looking for some hope(17M, 18M)
Looking for some hope (17M, 18M)
Some hope
My[32m] girlfriend[32f] found out I used to be a member of a sugar-daddy dating app, she has lost respect for me, and now doesn't want to pay for anything.
It would be a good idea to talk to the girl's friend(20F) that I(24M) like?
Did I (26F) fall in love with my boyfriend (29M) too late?
I (25f) can’t tell if I’m quarantine couped up, but my boyfriend (26m) has the small talk capacity of a slug.
I (22m) can see the mistakes i’m making in my relationship (of over 4 years) but i have no desire to change. I know it’s unfair for my girlfriend (22f) so i don’t know what to do. We’re supposed to move in to our own place together eventually.
(32F) struggling to not make the bad days my boyfriend (33M) has about me
It would be a good idea to talk to the girl's friend that I like?
I (22M) recently uncovered some new info about my (45F) mother that makes me question trying to have a connection to her
I have no friends
Rvtgrg
Fbfvdvdv
My boyfriend (18M) never calls or texts me (18F) first
How can I [30/M] fix my reputation after saying something extremely creepy?
I(23 M) fear an impending implosion within my relationship due to the disapproval of my girlfriend's(22 F) Asian parents
Engaged, in love, but he has extreme anger issues.
Webinar on : Rediscovering Relationship Paradigms
My (21f) mom (54f) is always on my boyfriends side (20m)
Am I asking too much in a relationship (25f) from my bf? (30m)
How do I (M19) navigate the friendship with my ex (F19) upon realizing she doesn’t respect me?
How do I (M 19) deal with my ex (F 19) not respecting me?
I (22m) can see the mistakes i’m making in my relationship (of over 4 years) but i have no desire to change. I know it’s unfair for my girlfriend (22f) so i don’t know what to do. We’re supposed to move in to our own place together eventually.
My fiancé’s dad won’t meet me
My 4 month pregnant wife (28F) went through my (M28) phone google search history at random & saw that I searched for a gal I fooled around with 6 years ago, she hasn’t talked to me for 2 days and mentioned divorce... overreaction to the situation or no ?
I (18F) don't know what to do about my clingy (20F) friend
Is it weird to give gifts to your ex? (28M / 28F)
Is it weird to give gifts to your ex? (28M / 28F)
Boyfriend is immature
My (25F) boyfriend (24M) is insecure about something I said
¿Dismorfia Corporal?
Am I (F28) being unreasonable because my boyfriend never hangs out with me on the weekends (M24)?
Is it weird to give gifts to your ex?
My mom favors her boyfriend over me
My (F20) boyfriend (M20) eats so fast that it's driving me crazy. How should I approach him about it?
(19NB)|My Girlfriend (17F) is Being Emotionally Abused by Her Mother Because of Me
I'm [31F] really struggling with the way my girlfriend [29F] communicates her needs and the boundaries she tries to set
Is my Mom gaslighting me at am I (17F) overreacting
Do I (29M) tell my taken friend (31F) that I have a crush on her?
Saw bumble notification on my bf’s phone
Does my [30M] best friend [30F] like me?
My (16M) girlfriend (16F) is having major issues with money and I think it’s a deal breaker.
Am I the Toxic One?
Do I (29M) tell my taken friend (31F) I have a crush on her?
Am I the toxic one?
How does my parents fighting as a kid affect my (30F) life as an adult?
I (16m) want to practice socialising, but I don't know where to look online for groups to chat in or what sites to specifically aim for?
My girlfriend has started to smoke, which I can't accept and I fear this habit won't go away.
I (19M) am currently going through a very hard time in my life due to a break up with my ex (17F)
Is my mom gaslighting me or am I the one being a bad daughter and simply just overreacting?
I (28M) am going on a date with a girl (23) after corona passes. But what until then?
I (28M) am going on a date with a girl (23) after corona passes. But what until then?
Why does she respond to messages like this?
I [21M] have no idea how to tell my friend [19F] that I like her.
How do you know if you're being manipulated by an older guy?
Why does she respond to messages like this?
Why does she respond to messages like this?
I (20f) feel unheard by my boyfriend (46m)
Ex is angry with me for something I didn’t think was wrong. How do I fix this?
How can I (20f) have a serious discussion with my boyfriend (46m) about my insecurities and trust issues
I'm 32F having trouble getting over my ex 31M (ADHD)
Both (17). Girlfriends has really strict parents. Worried that shes going to have her phone taken away so we cant communicate in any way.
Should I talk to my ex?
my very recent ex has sent a cryptic message, what does it mean
Why do women color their hair purpler, after a break up ? My ex gf is 26 years old & im 29 years old
I (20M) having some difficulties in my relationship with (21F)
Should I speak to my ex?
My [22M] boyfriend continuously saves pictures of half naked girls with huge boobs to jerk off to. He claims that he thinks about [22f] while jerking off to these other girls. How does this make any sense?
Girl I like has a high body count
Mods here suck
My [22F] partner [24M] and I just had a fight. I’ve lost my independence and don’t know how to get it back
F40 and M41 marriage problems
Boyfriend (23) is going on “study dates” with another girl and doesn’t see how it would hurt me
I (20M) have some concerns about my gf (21F) and our relationship
How to move on?
How to know when to give up on your marriage?
Broke up with my boyfriend who has many problems, but I was emotional and psychological traumatize with his behaviors
How to move on?
Boyfriend (23) is going on “study dates” with another girl and doesn’t see how it would hurt me
Is it normal that I(19F) don't feel the need to talk to anyone my age?
My boyfriend (26, M) loves commenting on other hot girls on Facebook / sending me hot girls pic so much that my (25,F) self esteem is eroding
Boyfriend doesn't seem to care about our relationship and brushes me off: new perspective needed
How do I (24F) Tell my parents about my anxiety and possible sexual abuse from a ex? So I won't be scared to come home.
My boyfriend (26,M) loves commenting about other hot girls with his guy friends and send me hot girls pic all the time that my(25, F) self esteem is almost non existent
How to confront people that don’t like confrontation?
30M wants to leave my 32M husband
How to confront people that don’t like confrontation ?
My boyfriend LOVE commenting on girls with other guys on fb/ sends me tons of hot girls video AND IT EATS AWAY MY SELF ESTEEM
Was I (M17) manipulative towards my ex (F18)?
How to move on from someone?
I (22F) am thinking about initiating a fwb relationship with my roommate (24M). This is probably a bad idea, but if I decide to do it, how should I ask?
Boyfriend[18M] implied that I'm[17F] not super hot
I [31] have been talking/seeing a guy, but what he [31] says and does are two different things
Husband (26) Threatened Divorce After I (27f) Swore at Him
My boyfriend (20m) will not stop cracking jokes and I (20f) feel like we can no longer have serious conversations
I 23M feel like I can always do better and have a hard time settling on one person 24F thinking that there’s someone much better out there. Advice?
HOW TO ATTRACT MEN: Secret Scripts To Melt His Heart, Unlock What He’s Thinking, And Make Him Want To Be With You Forever. https://www.amazon.ca/dp/B085T1VGK4
My boyfriend continuously saves pictures of half naked girls with huge boobs to jerk off to. He claims that he thinks about me while jerking off to these other girls.
Quarantine dreams come true?!
30M thinking of leaving my 32M husband
How do I (24f) tell my friend (28m) that I hooked up with once that I am having his child?
Quarantine dreams come true - maybe???
I (30M) need help getting my wife (31F) to stop shouting and swearing at our children
New user
I (23F) need help with my self-destructive tendencies in my relationships.
My divorced parents (60f) (60m) have not found other people and cannot move on- it's making me (18f) miserable to watch them
My girlfriend (20F) of 2.5 years just broke up with me (20F) because she woke up feeling different and no longer loves me. How do you just wake up not loving someone you’ve loved for so long?
Should I [19M] apologize to ex [18F] for how I handled break up?
My [25M] Year Old Friend [25F] Continuously Gets Drunk Every Other Night, Makes Poor Choices, Then Gets Upset When I Don't Laugh At The Situation
Was I (22F) wrong for cutting off contact with him (24M)?
My [25M] Year Old Friend [25F] Continuously Gets Drunk Every Other Night, Makes Poor Choices, Then Gets Upset When I Don't Laugh At The Situation
Any Women with much younger boyfriends or anyone whose mom dated much younger men?
Any Women with much younger boyfriends or anyone whose mom dated much younger men?
She said she woke up one day & felt different, she doesn’t love me anymore. Is it really that simple?
I [20F] don't really miss my boyfriend [20M]?
Me [21F] with my BF [21M] of 3 yrs Postponed our wedding due to COVID-19, now I am getting cold feet
My (22 M) 3 year-long, long-distance relationship with my GF (22 F) is on the verge of breaking, I need help to decide what should I do.
I (20F) have ruined my roommate's (21F) relationship with her parents
I [20F] don't really miss my boyfriend [20M]?
Am I being insecure? [20 M] [Gf 20]
not ment to be?
I [M30] am still not in love with my wonderful gf [F29]
HELP!!My (20F) mom (46F) violated my privacy. She grabbed my phone and checked everything and deleted all my social media accounts (whatsapp,facebook and instagram) and know she treats me like sh*t.
I [22M] am worried about my girlfriend's [20F] interactions with her co-worker [22M].
I'm [22M] worried about my girlfriend's [20F] interactions with her co-worker [22M]
Need a third persepctive on my [25F] friendship with my closest friend [F25]
Is having 5 relationships in two years bad and fuckboyish?
Is having 5 relationships in two years bad and fuckboyish?
I (M21) have recently begun a relationship with (F21) the girl I've been dating for 3 months and I'm starting to overthink/get anxious with how perfect things have gone so far
Gf 16 M17 she controls everything and idk what to do help!
I'm a [28M] and my [28F] GF is really struggling right now and is about to leave her job and I feel helpless to do anything to help her.
Is having 5 relationships in two years bad and fuckboyish?
If you are not sure about a relationship with someone or just want to remain single, why still say yes?
Need a third perspective on my [25F] friendship with my closest friend [25F]
Help! I'm too scared to date because I keep getting insecure in relationships[24F]
She(f20) suddenly says she lost feelings for me(m23) Im clueless where that came from.
My girlfriend 16 me 17M is controlling my social life is this wrong
I need her back!
dating someone with the same birthday as my ex
On the anniversary of my brother's death, my ex tried to hang out with friends instead.
I (29M) just can't stand my bf (31M) anymore mainly because of his complaining (7 years together)
dating someone with the same birthday as my ex lol
Need advice please
I need help getting her back!
If you’re unsure about starting a relationship with someone or still want to be single, why still say yes to one?
I want my girlfriend back.. Idk what to do.. Please help me
Looking for a paypig
What should I do about my ex-bf who can't get over me and keeps asking for kisses and sex?
Sweetest thing your SO has done for you
Should I[F18] reach out to my brother[M26] and break the ice?
I [19M] screwed up my relationship with my best friends and I keep going back to mg verbally abusive ex-gf [19F]. Should I date someone else or just be single?
My [ 21 ] boyfriend [ 25, to-be-ex ] has no tact and won't stop irritating me.
Love Gone Wrong?
My (24F) sister (21F) just called and thinks she might be pregnant.
My[32m] girlfriend[32f] found out I used to be a member of a sugar-daddy dating app, she has lost respect for me, and now doesn't want to pay for anything.
I (21f) have never seen or had a healthy non-platonic relationship. What are some healthy boundaries to have and any advice for how to communicate and set them?
New bf won't wear a mask
I'm (38F) totally exhausted of dating. Is all that's left at this age scraps and broken people? Where can I find a quality partner?
I’m in love with two people, and I don’t know what to do.
I don't know how or if I can fix my relationship with my dad, he scares me
I[22] cheated my girlfriend[21] but don't regret it
I’m in love with two people and I don’t know what to do
Year and a Half and I still can’t get over My Ex.
What is a good way to celebrate an anniversary in quarantine?
I don't know how to fix my relationship with my dad
My [ 21 ] boyfriend [ 25, to-be-ex ] has no tact and won't stop irritating me.
My girlfriend has a strange relationship with my dad and it’s tearing us apart...
I'm [23 F] trying to learn how to relax with him [26 M] during the talking stage. How do I stop overreacting and getting trapped in the same patterns with guys I like?
How should I (21M) go about telling my extended family the truth?
How should I (21M) go about telling my extended family the truth?
My (23f) boyfriend (24m) is angry at me for not doing the housework this week.
(23M) Boyfriends mom told me (25F) something i never knew about him.
My (22F) friend (21M) has some very questionable views...
I (22M) am trying to navigate repairing things with my ex (23M). Any advice?
My girlfriend’s difficult relationship with my dad...
I [M/26] don’t want anything to do with my sister [F/26] it her family because of her choices. My parents were supposed to come over today and without telling me brought her kids [F/2 and F/3] and are now treating me like I did something wrong because I wouldn’t let them in my house.
I (22M) am trying to navigate repairing things with my ex (23M). Any advice?
I [25F] just started dating someone [34M] but he doesn’t speak English fluently
Small town and embarrassed myself
How do I tell the guy I've been friends with for a while/just started seeing romantically that I have herpes? What is the best way to tell him? How would you react if the girl you liked told you she had this?
Started kind of seeing a guy, he says he wants to take it slow. When is the best time/what would be the best way to tell him I have herpes (GHSV1)? How would you react (guys) if the girl you were into told you she had this?
My (22F) friend (21M) has extremely questionable values...
Started kind of seeing a guy, he says he wants to take it slow. When is the best time/what would be the best way to tell him I have herpes (GHSV1)? How would you react (guys) if the girl you were into told you she had this?
My (20f) boyfriend (22m) gets mad because I sucked his dick during a fight
I want to Stop
I [25F] started dating a guy [34M] who doesn’t speak English fluently
Recently cheated on
How can I (M25) learn to be a little warmer in my relationships ?
I [m21] am in love with my girlfriend [f21]
24[m] new girlfriend[3m] [21f] showed me picture of abs and feel concerned.
Recently cheated on
I[21 M] am too involved in my relationship with my girlfriend [21 F]
Should I care less or help more? To me, my brother needs career help
Wanted to propose this month, and COVID interfered. Help!
What do you think when your (25F) SO(25M) says "at first, I didn't think we were going to be compatible because YOUR UPBRINGING was so different from my upbringing"
24[m] new girlfriend[3m] [21f] showed me picture of abs and feel concerned.
How can I deal with this stupid anxiety? (24M) (21F)
Help with a “complicated” army relationship?
I'm [22 M] meeting a girl [18 F] and I'll believe my feelings are going way too fast
Bi F22 just started dating heterosexual M22, do I need to come out to him?
I'm [22 M] meeting a girl [18 F] and I'll believe my feelings are going way too fast
My (20) boyfriend (22) is still in love with his childhood lover after nearly 2 years of our relationship.
How can I (M25) learn to be a little warmer in my relationships ?
I'm [22 M] meeting a girl [18 F] and I'll believe my feelings are going way too fast
Husband [48] ‘tested’ me [33]
Husband [45] ‘tested’ me [33]
I'm [22 M] meeting a girl [18 F] and I'll believe my feelings are going way too fast
I'm [22M] meeting a girl [18F] online and I think my feelings are developing way too fast
Unbearable pain after breakup.
My (20M) relationship with my girlfriend (20F) started with a love triangle and I can’t get over it
Unbearable pain after breakup
Unbearable pain after breakup
Breakup causing unbearable pain
How do I (30F) deal with someone trying to ruin my relationship with my boyfriend (31M)?
I (F21) am a bisexual woman. I just started dating a heterosexual man (M22). Do I need to disclose my sexual orientation to him?
How can I not be "too much" with appreciating my non-official BF?
F [27] In a 3 year long distance relationship with my BF M[28], seeking advice on whether incessant social media following qualifies as emotional cheating.
My (F23) boyfriend (M29) of 2 years lectures me on mistakes I make.
My (21F) bf (24M) called another girl sexy in front of me
My bf lied and ruined my bday
How can I not be OTT with appreciating my non-official boyfriend?
Am I (27F) the toxic one?
I’m not currently in a relationship but I need help understanding why i am the way i am
Should I get my non boyfriend a ~just because quarantine~ gift? If so what?
I (25/f) just want my happy ending with my bf (26/m) but he’s complacent and I’m not. What’s a woman to do?
I (21/M) just broke with my gf (19/F) because I was the toxic one, and never realized untill now.
Fiancée knows who and what I’m texting about while she’s away?
I (36F) don't know what to do about my mum (63F) and our failing relationship
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) called another girl sexy in front of me
Can you lend an ear?
Is he just not into me or is he really too busy?
What do you do when you realise you and your best friend, actually don't have much to go on anymore?
I [20F] feel guilty/on the wrong for wanting more attention from my bf [21M]
My dad [49M] keeps on claiming that I [15F] won't amount to anything in life and I don't know what to do.
My (26 F) boyfriend (26 M) just got a job across the country and I feel terrible.
I [20F] feel guilty/on the wrong for wanting more attention from my bf [21M]
My bf (21) and I (20) got invited to 2 small gatherings and i’m not sure how to tell him i’m scared to go because of COVID-19.
My (18F) husband (22M) got laid off from his work, he’s very depressed and I don’t know how to help.
Bf ruined my birthday
My bf (21) and I (20) got invited to 2 small gatherings and I’m not sure how to tell him i’m scared to go because of COVID-19.
I [M30] am still not in love with my wonderful gf [F29]
How can I [26M] stop being resentful to my parents[53M, 50F]?
My[25F] partner[29M] of 1.5 months told me he loved me when he thought I was sleeping. Should I say something or just leave it be?
My (23M) parents (60M) (57F) are getting divorced after 30 years of marriage and I'm worried about my mom financially
An intimate/hilarious moment between my partner and I.
My (F 27) boyfriend (M 31) has frequently made comments regarding my body, race, etc. I'm not sure how much is due to my sensitivity?
Should I (F22) leave my boyfriend (M28) during a pandemic because of his alcoholism
A Hidden Relationship
Go from FWB/confusing thing to a potential relationship
Father (59M) won’t take no for an answer and isn’t open to discussion although I’m (21F) an adult.
I (18f) had a disagreement with my bf (18m) and I'm afraid that we're going to break up.
My (26F) got mad at me (26f) for getting a static shock.
I (24M) am not sure how I feel and what to do about my fiancée's (28F) sexual fantasy
HELP
HELP!!
My (26F) boyfriend (29M) got mad at me for getting a static shock.
I dont think my (20M) 2 year relationship with my girlfriend (F19) is going to work in the future
My (since last night) ex-boyfriend keeps watching porn and lying to me about it and I would like some outside perspectives on the matter
Prenuptial agreement making me (29F) question everything
A Hidden Relationship
My[29M] aunt[60sF] passed away an hour ago. How can I be there for my mother[55F] when I feel no emotion?
(20M) need advice for emotional infidelity, destroyed my ex-girlfriends trust, what can I do? (21F)
My[29M] aunt[60sF] passed away an hour ago. How can I be there for my mother[55F] when I feel no emotion?
My (F 27) boyfriend (M 31) has been insensitive towards me and I've asked him to stop. Am I at fault?
Why do I get a visceral reaction when I hear about my boyfriend hanging out or talking with his female friends?
I’ve (34M) been the source of confidence for my wife (33F) in this whole quarantine, but I think I’m losing hope and can’t do that anymore. What can I do?
My boyfriend (30m) and myself (27f) got into the worst argument we have ever had last night, and finally I am coming to realize how long I have been being Gas Lighted (5 years)
Girlfriend (27F) hates her abusive ex, has no contact with him. But still has his dad’s 2 accounts in her followers list on IG... Would absolutely be livid with me if the shoe was on the other foot but refuses to remove him.
Cannot move on from a crush
Our stepson (19M) is driving us insane.
Simple Gift Ideas For My (18F) Boyfriend (19M)
My (34f) boyfriend (35M) won’t let me leave him.
My stepson (19) has been driving us nuts.
Cannot move on from my crush
Am I (19F) in a toxic relationship with my boyfriend (22M)?
My husband (30M) & I (31F) are struggling and isolation is making it so much worse.
My (34f) boyfriend (35m) of 6 years won’t let me dumb him and I am so unhappy.
How do I (F 21) look past my boyfriend's (M 21) appearance?
I (19M) will live with parents (51M, 42F) unless something drastic happens. Relationship lenght - 19 years.
Am I (19F) in a toxic relationship with my boyfriend (22M)
My [29M] girlfriend [28F] wants a baby to break the monotony of quarantine
Is it worth waiting for someone's problematic core to change?
My Boyfriend Follow Instagram Models. Is That Okay?
Bf (m25) says I(25f) "won't let" him see his family. I'm so confused.
My Boyfriend(M17) Is Following Instagram Models
My bf (25m) is angry at me (25f) for "not letting" him see his family. AITA?
I wanna break up with my boyfriend
How is it that I’m have a fling with a guy for almost four months but still don’t have any sort of feelings for him.
I don’t know if I’m in the wrong for wanting my emotionally unavailable partner to open up after a year?
Need some advice on constant arguing
My friend (16F) has severe trust issues with me (16M) over past grievances
I (25M) got her (21F) pregnant but now she doesn't want to be with me
Conundrum..
I (25M) got her (21F) pregnant but now she doesn't want to be with me
Should I (22M) not have had sex with her (23F)?
What things should i look out for when becoming a father?
Do people actually change for the better?
M (30) and F (32) Advice on Needing to be Needed
Girl(18) just came out a relationship and i(20) have interest in her, do i ask her out or wait?
M (30) and F (32) On needing to be needed...
Patterns of needing to be needed Vs Needing someone
Is this just incompatibility or am I doing things wrong?
I don't know how to break up with my bf
I (21F) lied to my boyfriend (22M) about my past. He found out. Please help
(20M) need advice for emotional infidelity, destroyed my ex-girlfriends trust, what can I do? (21F)
How should [33F] I deal with my sexoholic of a [38M] husband?
My (23F) MIL (65M) is quarantined in my house and she cannot stop intervening in my relationship with my husband (29M)
Dating my friends cousin. Relationship of friend 6 years, relationship with cousin: I’ve known him for 4 months.
This Girl Confuses Me and I Need Help
My (24f), husband(24m) wants to gift a game worth $83 USD to a girl who barely knows. I get angry, I'm overreacting?
How do I move on...
I [32M] feel like my partner’s [32M] mental health is ruining our relationship
Dating my friends cousin. Relationship of friend 6 years, relationship with cousin: I’ve known him for 4 months.
New Boyfriend and Ex Wife vs. Porn.
New Boyfriend and Ex Wife vs Porn...
Dating my friends cousin
Maybe I'm (18M) going to become FWB with my ex (18M) and I kind of feel like I'm doing a bad thing
Girl(17F) likes me, but has a boyfriend(17M)
Is my (F25) boyfriends (M27) reasoning fair or is he jealous? (corona)
how do i (F18) be friends with my ex (M18) when we both love each other?
New boyfriend, ex wife...
how do i (F18) be friends with my ex (M18) when we both love each other?
a girl likes me, but she has a bf
how to be friends with an ex when you both love each other?
What does you man do to appear more sexy/attractive to you?
Me (27m) her (43f) 7 year relationship ended....
Me (27m) her 43(f) relationship was 7 years and she told me this after we broke up...
Trust and patience, do they go in pair in a relationship?
Problems during lockdown (25F & 25M)
Me [23M] and GF[18F] been having fights recently which culminated in a time out. I need help.
Love in the time of COVID
Struggling during lockdown
Love in the time of COVID...
Was what I did mean and wrong?
My girlfriend lowers my self worth
is there a possibility to end things with someone without telling them ?
Am I polyamorous, or just have a weird view of sex?
How do I move on?
Am I wrong for saying my husband can’t buy his mother a house?
Giving a 2nd chance to a relationship?
I’m (28f) waiting to propose my gf (28f) until the dust of hard times settles. My friends don’t understand and think I should just go for it. Should I propose now or wait until life is less stressful?
Is it wrong to be upset/jealous
Is my (F25) boyfriend's (M27) reasoning fair or is he jealous? (corona)
My boyfriend complains about the nudes I'm sending him
He complains about my pictures
Is my(F25) boyfriends(M27) reasoning justified or is he jealous? (Corona)
My (f/20) bf (m/21) kept calling me a bitch knowing I was abused with that word and have trauma from it.
I’m (28f) waiting to propose my gf (28f) until the dust of hard times settles. My friends don’t understand and think I should just go for it. Am I doing the right thing?
falling for a close friend
falling for a close friend
falling for a close friend
My boyfriend (26M) and I (20F) are very different and I’m not sure how to feel about it
30(m) moving out of mom's house
My (f/20) bf (m/22) called me a bitch several times and now I’m upset but he’s pretending he doesn’t know why.
My (23F) roommate (22F) often vents problems that make me feel frustrated
can't stop thinking about my ex but i think it's just because the breakup was so wack idk
My boyfriend (M26) and I (F21) are very different and I’m not sure how to feel about it
never got closure & can't get my ex out of my head ... i think it's because we had the most wack breakup ever lol
I'm friends with my (23F) roommate (22F) but I feel so frustrated when she vents
Why would people in relationships (100F) rather carry out a radical Islamic terror attack with (100M) casualties than stay single the rest of their lives?
Girl (21F) losing interest because I (20M) get serious all the time
My (F23) boyfriend (M19) is unhygienic, doesn’t care about his appearance, 4 stone overweight and just won’t help himself I’m so frustrated!
30(m) moving out of my moms house
Her virginity
Is my [33M] new girlfriend [28F] in love with me? Is she wanting to say it?
Long-term girlfriend (F24) and I (M25) broke up on really good terms because of long-distance (2.5 years in person, 2 years LDR) 3.5 months ago. Reach out now, wait longer or don't bother?
My (f23) boyfriend (m19) is lazy, doesn’t care about how he looks, unhygienic and I’ve had enough!
The more I'm with my bf, the more I want my ex
My (23) husband (25) keeps using sex as a plaster after a disagreement
Girl (21F) losing interest since I (20M) get serious all the time
My (23) husband (25) keeps using sex as a plaster after a disagreement
My boyfriend (28M) is always having problems at his jobs. I (26F) don’t know how to help.
My friend is in an abusive relationship
My ex (M, 24) keeps texting me (F, 27). What should I do?
how to be just friends with your crush?
Can i still have teenage-like relationship as adult? [22M]
Can you have teenage-like relationship in twenties? (22M)
My boyfriend (28M) is constantly having problems with his jobs. I (26F) don’t know how to help.
My (30) new girlfriend (22) confessed me something that is making me doubt of her
Are my parents controlling or lost with the fact that i'm growing up ?
My sister's ex fiance was sexually disturbed
My dad (59M) can’t take no for an answer, even though I’m an adult (21F). It’s hurting our relationship
My [F22] boyfriend [M21] of 4 years doesn't want to move in with me. What should I do?
Best Friend of 5 Years Trying To Get With My Crush
Separated and in love with the wrong guy
My guy best friend (19m) always tells me (20f) about what kind of girl is his dream girl. What does this mean?
I (30F) am thinking about closing the gap in my LDR with my BF (31M) but am having trouble with the decision
I F(20) and straight have a bisexual friend F(19) who crosses lines and claims she can show me "new things"
My [17M] sister [19F] is furious with me because I slept with her best friend [19F], how can I apologize to her?
I(30F) am thinking about closing the distance with my LDR boyfriend (31M) but I am having trouble with the decision
I F (20) and straight have a bisexual friend F(21) who has been kind of forcing me to "not-be-straight"
Separated and loving the wrong guy
Ex fiancee's mother [47F] and I [30M] are dating. Ex fiancee [28F] is extremely unhappy, what should I do?
I[25m] broke up with my fiancée[28f]. Feeling empty
Ending relationship with the son of a multimillionaire, now somewhat regretting it.
Advice for a 3 year break up
I[25m] just broke up with my ex[28f], and I am Feeling empty.
My [30M] Ex-Girlfriend [31F] acting strangely after prolonged breakup.
Maybe I'm (18M) going to become FWB with my ex (18M) and I kind of feel like I'm doing a bad thing
My [24F] husbands [24M] best friend [23M] is ruining my relationship with my father in law [FIL] and their family. I don't know what to do.
Ending relationship with son of a multimillionaire, now somewhat regretting it.
14yo cousin possibly dating a man is his late 20's.
Should I have given him a chance after he initially turned me down?
Maybe I'm (18M) going to become FWB with my ex (18M) and I kind of feel like I'm doing a bad thing
My [30M] Ex-Girlfriend [31F] acting strangely after prolonged breakup.
My [F22] boyfriend [M21] of 4 years doesn't want to move in with me. What should I do?
What's the most brutal way to let my Catfisher know that I know he's fake?
Straight couple (22 & 23) looking to experiment more
Should wife [29 F] be worried by nice things colleague [30+ F] says to/about me [27 M]
Ending my relationship with the son of a multimillionaire, now somewhat regretting it
boyfriend left me right before we closed the distance
My [30M] Ex-Girlfriend [31F] acting strangely after prolonged breakup.
my girlfriend 17F thinks i, 17M, cheated because of porn, what do i do?
My half sister (19F) hates me for being the product of her dad cheating and I (16M) told my dad I hate her too for bullying me for years.
stuck in relationship
My breakup story. My rocky breakup with my partner (F18) and me (M19).
Love from Afar: Learning to Forget
My wife [29] be bothered by what my colleague is saying?
How do I (M19) get my parents (M52) (F49) and family members to accept that I want to be fat?
The Gigantic Sad
My GF (28F) doesn’t stand up for me (29M) when her acquaintance is disrespecting/slandering me publicly on social media.
Upsetti Spaghetti, and the Gigantic Sad
My breakup story
My [19F] close friend and long-time crush just asked me [20M] out on a date but I feel it might be ingenuine
I (m,24) dated this lady (30) for 1.5 months and it was bumpy. One of the times she was mad at me, she made a tattoo appointment. We stopped seeing each other before she got the tattoo.
My (19f) boyfriend (20m) cheated on me. I forgave him but I’m having a hard time forgetting and I’m scared it’s gonna ruin us. How can I get over this?
I think my boyfriend is gaslighting me.. please help.
New boo bringing up old fears?
Am I totally crazy or a hypocrite
Allowing my Brother (M53) To Primarily Raise My Daughter (F15)
Didn't know how to speak English on first date with English speaking girlfriend!
Dont know English - on first date with English speaking girl!
Was he [M/21] just trying to sleep with me [F/21]?
Girlfriend (20) and I (23) disagree on moving in together
New boo bringing up old fears???
Not sure what to do from here
My (19m) boyfriend (20m) cheated on me. I forgave him but I’m having a hard time forgetting. I’m scared it’s gonna ruin us.
Boyfriend (22M) wants space or breakup?
I'm (21F) and my boyfriend is (26M)
I (25M) am unsure whether it's right to continue with the girl (21F) I've been seeing.
I'm quite a pickle
My(22F) Boyfriend (24M) of 3 years is really naive and I don't know if I should be worried.
Types?
I (21F) kinda cheated on my boyfriend (22M)
I (27f) am still hung up on my ex (31m)
My (19F) 2 year relationship just ended. I'm dont know how to cope with it.
I (27f) am hung up on my ex (31m)
Depressed After Jekyll/Hyde behavior and Breakup
I (19F) am experiencing my first serious breakup, and I dont know how to cope.
Is your boyfriend or girlfriend very loyal?
I (M17) Have a Gay Coworker(F16) that is Very Flirtatious
A really messy situation
I (M17) Have a Gay Coworker (F16) That's Incredibly Flirtatious
Got myself (28M) into a confusing romantic situation with co-worker (24F)
I (18F) wants to move on from ex but I’m afraid of dating again
Dating a widow
Got myself (28M) in a bit of a sticky situation with a coworker (24F)
Mid 20s. How do I bring up bf/gf labels or wait for her?
When to have the what are we talk?
(18F) My (19M) boyfriend just showed me that he can cry on demand. A few days ago, he also confessed to lying about murdering seven people.
Did he really forget my birthday or was he joking?
My (23nb) incredibly abusive brother (25m) just moved into the house. I don't know what to do
(18F) My (19M) boyfriend just showed me that he can cry on demand. A few days ago, he also confessed to lying about murdering seven people.
AITA for not being okay with my partner collecting gift from ex?
My GF (25) is asking me for sexual toys and I (24) don't feel comfortable.
(18F) My (19M) boyfriend just showed me that he can cry on demand. A few days ago, he also confessed to lying about murdering seven people.
I (30M) cannot stop reliving emotional infidelity from a year ago with my girlfriend (26F). It is stunting our growth as a couple. How can I make this better?
My girl (25) is asking to bought her adults toys and I (24) don't know how to feel. TL/IDR
My (23) incredibly abusive brother (25) just suddenly moved in today at my family's house after splitting with his gf.
How to get over the trauma of being cheated on
I (f,23)have violent thoughts when I get really mad. My boyfriend (m,21)said it can be a dealbreaker in the future but I'm not sure how to stop it.
How do I (26F) learn how to approach this seemingly healthy relationship with another man (35M) after years of being trapped in an abusive marriage?
How do I (f18) tell my dad's family I'm not interested in having a relationship with them?
My girl ask me for toys.
How to get over this trauma of being cheated on?
Are my roommate targeting me?
How do I (22f) let go of my past to better love my (25m) partner?
Should I text him first?
Should I?
Should I (21F) distance myself away from him (40sM)?
Should I text him?
I (22 F) got into an argument with my BF (22 M) of 2 and a half years, what can I do to help resolve our argument and ease tension?
How do you get over a past relationship?
My partner and I are at different stages of life - looking for advice
My(M19) girlfriend (F19) told me we couldnt phone
I (22 F) got into an argument with my bf (22 M) of 2 and a half years and he now refuses to talk to me, what should I do?
(25f) Women who are alone or aren’t how did/do you cope?
I [27F] don't know if I overreacted to a guy [29M] blowing me off for a video chat.
My bf (27) said he is always thinking about having sex with other people but doesn’t cause he loves me (27)
Easter with the kids
I was in an extremely toxic relationship and I can't figure out how to take accountability while also pursuing a career that might make me visible in the public eye (cw: sexual assault)
X-pastors daughter & x-good girl gets “uninvited” from Easter 😥
Easter heartbreak for my kids
Boyfriend told me I wear “cheap and crappy” clothes and that I “don’t care what I look like”.
First relationship doubts: How do I know that my boyfriend [25M] and I [26F] are a good match?
Women who are alone or aren’t how did/do you cope?
Countless streak of arguments between me [M28] and my gf [F28]
Should I leave
How often do you text friends in College?
Is my friend (20M) avoiding me (19F)?
My (24M) wife (23F) had a three week long affair that started 2 weeks after we got married
20F and my bf(21M) , Idk how to stop the thoughts of him and his ex go away
Should I (16M) confess to my (16F) crush?
How do I make an online conversation interesting?
Does you still have feelings for your first love?
Bf is into a specific kink im not into and is on a fet app
My gay friend admitted feelings for me.
Can you have more than one "the one"? (Like deep connection, in love with best friend, "the one")
Starting a relationship with someone in the Army, complicated
I [25F] am straight, but I don’t like men. Should I start dating women or should I just die alone?
Should I (25f) tell my friend (26m) that I have feelings for him?
F(21) M(22)
Me(20F) and my bf (21M), i need advice on how to let go
I [25F] am straight, but I don’t like men. Should I start dating women or should I just die alone?
My [22 F] boyfriend [23 M] is not interested / invested in talking
Love and Video games
GF text BF 1 time a day is it over?
I’ve been sitting on this for a few years...
Is he into me or just being nice
Girlfriend is Mad and has slow burned me.
My SIL [63 F] with my live-in sister-in-law [28 F], SIL is physically and emotionally abusive to MIL, MIL is uninterested in addressing the situation.
Can you have more than one "the one"? (Like deep connection, in love with best friend, "the one")
How to stop self-sabotaging relationships
Is my (f 23) boyfriend (m 25) abusive?
Me [19 M] and my friend [19 F] of 2.5 months, might have played with my heart to get strength to go back to her abusive bf.
I’ve been sitting on this for a few years...
I need someone to know all of this.
Is flirting with a same girl on text daily while in a relationship is considered cheating?
People who say your mother is your rock etc., what has she done to make you call her that?
Can you be friends with your ex?
Me (22M) and my girlfriend (21F) are conflicted by how important we should place sex in our relationship
Can you be friends with your ex?
Should I (16M) confess to my crush (16F)?
Is this weird or just me?
My (27F) SO (30M) implies that I don’t love him after arguments.
Long distance relationship communication problems with (28M) boyfriend (25F) while me being in 5 month exchange program ,relationship testrun ,before him starting a job of going overseas 6 months at a time.
Ladies if you tell your ex after a breakup..
Initiating a SD opportunity/situation
My (27F) SO (30M) frequently implies that I don’t love him during or shortly after an argument.
How do I help my (22f) boyfriend (24m) with his depression when he pushes me away for days during his episodes?
bf (26) always prefers to cum inside me (25). What does this mean?
I (18 F) dont know how to tell my boyfriend (16, almost 17) that I have disabilities and other mental issues
My Mother(Female 40)Has Been Dealing With Something And I Don’t Know What To Do. Me(Female 21).
BF always prefers to cum inside me, what does this mean?
My home life sucks and i have no one to talk to about it
One night as the other woman- worth it?
I want out of the lease. Me 23 (M) her 19 (F)
I (18F) feel like I am ruining my relationship with my boyfriend (18M) because of my over analyzing insecurities
my (17M) girlfriend (17M) is stuck in a really shitty family situation & i feel like shit knowing i can’t help
Should I (F15) forgive my Mom (f40)?
I broke up with him and now I regret it (kind of)
W (21F) was "assaulted" by (21M), but I still like him?
I (18F) feel like I am ruining my relationship with my boyfriend (18M) because I over analyze everything
Boyfriend (28M) and I (25F) are in long distance relationship and communication isn't going well.
my (17M) girlfriend (17F) is trapped in a really shitty situation & i don’t know how to help
I'm (26F) having trouble getting over him (28M) and I want to cut out all mutual friends
Why can my boyfriends say they love me?
Why can’t my boyfriends say they love me?
I want out of the lease
Why can’t my boyfriends say they love me?
I(22F) told my bf (27M) that I sometimes come to reddit for relationship advice and opinions and he freaked out. Am I being manipulated?
Help
are we right?
Boyfriend (32m) of 3.5 years doesn’t know if he wants to marry me (28f)
Helping my GF (23/F) not self harm and accept my (35/M) help
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/21] pants?
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/20] pants?
SO (M, 30) says political arguments make him feel more connected. I (F, 30) can’t relate. Can anyone else?
I think my mom has OCD and it is crazy
SO (M, 30) says political arguments make him feel more connected. I (F, 30) can’t relate. Can anyone else?
SO (M, 30) says political arguments make him feel more connected. I (F, 30) can’t relate. Can anyone else?
Feeling like a nervous teen again: Met a girl, want to ask her out
Hey, should I (M16) confess to my crush? (F16)
I (M23) don't know how to tell my girlfriend (F22) that I wanna make out with other people but still be with her.
Do other people feel connected from arguing/debating?
The other woman- what’s it like?
my fiancé told me being with him makes him want to kill himself
How do I (24F) have a productive conversation about boundaries with my mom (57F) who has RSD?
Feeling like a nervous teen again: Met a girl, want to ask her out
My husband throws and breaks things when he’s angry. How do I get him to STOP?
Ways to understand each other
my GF (23/F) refuses to reach out to me (25/M) before she self harms
AIAH for not wanting my (22f) boyfriend (m23) to go to his Mom’s for Easter?
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) yelled at me and it hurt
How should I (24F) bring up white privilege to this guy (22M) I’m currently talking to?
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) yelled at me and it hurt
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) yelled at me and it hurt
should i break up with him?
My (18F) boyfriend (18M) yelled at me and it really hurt .
I (M23) don’t know how to tell my girlfriend (F22) that I wanna make out with other people but still be with her
My [29/f] boyfriend [34/m] works 10-12 hours a day, even though he gets paid for 40 hours a week.
URGENT: My dad is going off with a temper tantrum again, and I'm nervous
My husband throws and breaks things when he’s angry. How do I get him to STOP?
Manipulation
He (m27) hides me (f23) from his life?
should i break up with him?
Should I be in a relationship right now? I think I found the right one too soon.
Monster in law
Female (25) thinking of proposing to my m(21) boyfriend
How to tell someone (59M) to not joke about a traumatic part of my (F19) life?
My Mom is way harder on me when she’s drunk and I don’t know if she’s being serious
Should I be in a relationship right now? I think I’ve found the right one too soon
How do I [26F] stand up to my family about using my car?
I (19M) cheated on my girlfriend in December but got caught yesterday
How do I divorce wife?
Please help. I know that it's against the rules but my friends need help and I don't know what subrettit go to. It's about her relationship.
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) keeps eating Asian food in my house and it smells bad
Me(38M) and Myself(38M)
Long Breakup Story, Dating Night Shift Nurse, 2.5 year relationship, 2 Weeks No Contact
BF says he wants to be good enough, but I want more than good enough.
Had a fun night with a famous musician that turned into an online fling only to find out later that he has a wife.
Social Distancing
Long Breakup Story, Dating Night Shift Nurse, 2.5 year relationship, 2 Weeks No Contact
Social Distancing
Was I [30M] in the wrong for insisting to see my partners [38M] phone?
Annoyed my husband has a ‘work wife’, am I overreacting?
My (22F) BF(24m) Old Crushes Keep Popping Up
MIL 50sF) & SIL(30F) have turned my kitchen into their personal "Nailed It" show
What to do about my (24f) same sex co-worker (27f) who I have sexual feelings for?
Having sex after we broke up
Considtent Cycles of Doubt
Was I in the wrong for insisting to see my spouses’ phone?
I (24F) was sitting there, next to my (27F) ex co-worker on my couch— getting wet thinking about her touching me
I (45M) am dating a N***** (hard R like the Chris Rock bit) (16F)
(21F) My sister (17F) genuinely just seems to not be a good person
The Love That Might Have Gone Wrong
(21F) My sister (17F) genuinely just seems to be a bad person
Unhealthy living habits - 18 y/o daughter and 53 y/o dad
Mom (42f) and my sister (17f) are toxic and abusive against me (15m) - help?
The love that might have gone wrong
I [29f] was sexually abused as a kid. I told one of my friends [38f] and she keeps pressuring me to forgive the guy and move on even though I dont even like to think about it
Unhealthy living situation between dad and daughter.
I [23M] am locked down with my parents and their broken, desperately unhappy marriage. I am their go-between and they can't cope with COVID-19. I'm only 23. How do I keep MY head above the water in this environment??
I [23M] am locked down with my parents and their broken, desperately unhappy marriage. I am their go-between and they can't cope with COVID-19. I'm only 23. How do I keep MY head above the water in this environment??
I (25f) hate multiplayer games because I hate losing, bf (25m) loves them
Quarantine is hurting our temporary LDR relationship.
my boyfriend(19) and i (female, 18) have had exceedingly difficult conflict within the differences in our love languages, we have been dating for ten months
2 months into a relationship me and my gf are having a bad week. Being affectionate feels forced, and it feels like we abruptly ended the honey moon stage and hit a wall.
Are powerful people un-dumpable compared to normal guys?
My mom (43F) and sister (17F) gang up on me (15M) and it has become toxic and abusive
What do you think makes someone un-dumpable?
how do I (20’sf) not follow my boyfriends (30’sm) diet while still being supportive?
“Haunting” on social media.
My boyfriend (21) got very violent with his dog last night
my s/o(male, 19) and i(female, 18) have been together for almost ten months and have very different love languages causing many issues within our relationship
My sister(F 15) is acting up and Im(F 23) being asked to set her straight?
“Haunting” on social media.
Should I (23 F) feel bad about the level of PDA I express with my boyfriend (25 M)?
I (21F) Talking to/kinda serious with (24M) Caught him following/looking at other girl's nudes while on facetime. It's making me very insecure and very uneasy about my relationship with him. What should I do? How should I bring it up to him?
Consistent Cycles of Doubt
My (18f) girlfriend (19f) of 5/6 months and her choices are leading me to start to resent her
My [18NB] boyfriend [18M] vapes and smokes, and I feel really bad bringing up the fact that I'm afraid of the smell of cigarette smoke.
Should I feel bad about the level of PDA I express with my boyfriend?
Older brother (M48) embezzled ~$250,000 from our mother (F76) but she doesn't want to go to the police over concerns it will damage the family and destroy his business
Why won’t he respond?
I (22f) met a guy (22m) and I dont know whether im judging him too harshly
I (M15) need help moving on from my gf (F15)
I (28F) can’t deal with my husbands (M34) attitude anymore.
My [19M] GF [21F] just made my friend choose her pantsu
What's your maximum age gap in a relationship?
What's your maximum age gap in a relationship?
What's the maximum age gap you'd go for in a relationship?
Not sure how to feel about his thoughts on pregnancy...could use some advice.
What's the maximum age gap you'd go for in a relationship, legal age (18) and above?
I [33F] am finding it hard to have sex with my husband [32M] during the quarantine
He cheated and dumped me, will he have a happily ever after with the girl he cheated on me with?
Weird vibes from wife’s friends family
It it my [22/m] fault for getting jealous at my girlfriend [21/f] laughing at everything her male roomate [22/m] says
I (29M) don’t know what to do with my new gf (30F). Last night she drove home trashed with her son in the car and said some very hurtful things to him (roommate called me while I was working).
My friend and I were nominated for “best should have dated couple” but I have a boyfriend
Am I just being paranoid or am I right to be concerned?
My mom (50F) keeps making “jokes” to me (21F) about divorcing my dad (50M)
Older brother (48) embezzled ~$200,000 from our mother (76) but she doesn't want to go to the police over concerns it will damage the family and destroy his business
He cheated, will he have his happily ever after with the new girl? I’m dying to know what others have been through
He cheated and dumped me. Will he get with the new girl and live happily ever after? I need to know to move on.
Coronavirus sex
My friend and I were nominated for best “should have been couple” but I have a boyfriend
A call out of left field
In a relationship, is cuddling to women the same as sex to men?
Coronavirus sex
Dear 'The Men' of reddit, on behalf of me and my friends who didn't really grow up with men in our lives but want to be good partners, what is the best way that someone makes you feel loved and happy?
Odd family, friends of wife
X-pastors daughter & x-good girl shunned from Easter this year 😥
A call out of left field
Was I wrong for not wanting my bf to follow naked models and like their pictures?
I’m [24F] not sure how to continue/discontinue dating a guy [25M] long-distance who I’ve been seeing for 2 mo before the lockdown and might be losing interest.
I have trust issues
I [24F] don't have any friends. I have lost all of the ones I have ever had. I am scared and I don't know what to do, or what I'm doing to cause this.
I [24F] Have no friends. I don't know what I'm doing wrong and I'm scared
Through Trial and Error (F22)
Reconnecting (M21) with grandparents M(86) F(74)
I'm autistic, (17f), and I don't think I'm ever going to develop friendships/relationships, offline or online.
Should I (22F) tell my bf (22M) that a guy (I hooked up with a few years ago just before our relationship) messaged me and wants to meet and catch up with me? And I said yes...
He(27m) told me he’s acting like this so that I (22f) would break up with him.
This lady (30) I (m,24) dated briefly for made a tattoo appointment because she was angry at me at one point. She now has that tattoo and part of it was inspired by my tattoo (I have flowers and she added them to her original idea) and we've stopped seeing each other before she got the tattoo.
during this pandemic, what are some things you have learned about your partner?
X-Pastors Daughter/X-Goodgirl shunned for Easter 😥
consent in a relationship?
I (20F) want to spend more time with friend (20F) but she doesn't seem interested
consent in a relationship?
Should I (22F) tell my bf (22M) that a guy (I hooked up with a few years ago just before our relationship) messaged me and wants to meet and catch up with me? And I said yes...
Love of my life has been lying to me for 2 years. I want to forgive him, but don’t know if I can or if I should. What would YOU do?
I want to spend more time w friend but she doesn't seem interested
Love of my life and boyfriend of two years lied to me the whole time. I want to forgive him but don’t know if it’s smart. What would you do?
I want to spend more time with a friend but she doesn't seem interested
Love of my life has lied to me for 2 years. Is this forgivable?
(Ex)Boyfriend (m20) breaks up with me (f21) anytime we have an argument
Don’t know how much I (23F) can take with my low-motivated, zero life-driven boyfriend (24M).
Relationship prematurely ended due to cancer diagnosis. I (23M) an torn between understanding and frustration.
22f/37m 2.5 years living together-how do i become a better girlfriend fit to be a wife/lifelong partner
Should I (22F) tell my bf (22M) that a guy (I hooked up with a few years ago just before our relationship) messaged me and wants to meet and catch up with me? And I said yes...
Why does my now (ex) boyfriend (m20) always break up with me (f21)after arguments?
How to tell my (23F) friend (22F) that she's embarrassing herself
Easter in Quarantine?
Mentally unstable and afraid of commitment, ExGF wants to start things up again
Was I (23M) in the wrong about telling my (23M) friend I thought his relationship was toxic?
I told a girl (now 23) that I (23m) wouldn't sexualize her if I saw her nude. I totally intended on doing just that.
Am I (23M) wrong for telling my friend (23M) that I felt his relationship was toxic?
I'm afraid my feelings are getting in the way of me making the right choice
Building a future with my ex?
Relationship roadblock 7 years in
My (24m) girlfriend (30f) was snap chatting an old hook up and I can’t get past it.
I (18M) Help with personal insecurities affecting my relationship
I(23F) brought up to my bf(28M) that I'm unhappy with how we split our chores and it was a disaster
How do you communicate with stubborn parents who never listen?
At wits end with emotionally abusive mother (21F 42F). Please help.
My (23M) girlfriend (23F) just said the thing she hates about me is that everything is a laugh for me and that I'm immature
I fainted in front of my girlfriend (of 2.5) years, she guided me in the house then hid in the bathroom and didn’t check on me for 2 hours. She told me I was embarrassing and awkward. Should we break up?
BF (28/M) cheated on me multiple times and I don't know why I can't leave
My (27f) ex (29m) contacted me 7 years after our relationship ended. I’m married now .
I (22 F) hate my boyfriend’s family (24 M) of 3 years
Found personal sexting photos on BF (28 M)'s computer and this isn't the first time
I just lied to my mom...
Fainted & my girlfriend hid in the bathroom instead of checking on me. Does my girlfriend of 2.5 years not give a shit about me?
Those of you who left long term relationships, when did you enter your next and how did you meet your new partner?
I’m (21F) at my wits end with my mentally abusive mother (42F).
How do I end my 3 1/2 year relationship?
My (26f) ex (28m) contacted me 7 years after we stopped dating. I’m married.
My [F22] boyfriend's [M24] dad [M52] wants to charge me rent
My [F22] boyfriend's [M24] dad [M52] wants to charge me rent
How do I end my 3 1/2 year relationship?
My (24m) girlfriend (30f) was snapchatting an old hookup and I can’t get past it. Together for 4 months
I (F22) hooked up with my ex (M25) am confused
Why couldn’t I keep my feelings out of the equation?
I (24f) wanted to keep my emotions out of it. So why did I develop feelings for you (24m)?
(34m) I found out that my wife (32f) has a instagram account dedicated to showing her feet as a fetish with 90k followers, is this okay?
My gf (20F) says she doesn’t deserve me (23M) how do I handle it?
I didn’t want to want you
[23F] [25M] Looking for Youtube couple name suggestions
He (m27) hides me (f23) from his life
My GF (20F) says she doesn’t deserve me (23M)
Creative couple name suggestions
Living together with my sister and her strange rules
I’m (F22) feeling weird about sleeping with my ex (M25) who probably has a new gf (F20)
Practice UNISM to be a more attractive person with substance
Me (20M) She (20F), she doubt on me and i dump her.
Am I wrong to give this guy another chance?
My GF says “she doesn’t deserve me.” Help me out?
Should I ask my husband to self quarantine?
What's a good way to know if we are compatible for marriage without living together?
Crush was afraid to give number
The best woman in your entire life says she wants to be with you forever but keeps leaving. Would you fight for her or move on?
Should I ask my husband to quarantine away from the family?
Bf(22M) hasn't spoken to me (23F) for two weeks and I don't know whether to break up or giving him another chance.
My (16F) girlfriend's birthday money.
I need help, please let me know if I'm being irrational
I need help, please am I being irrational
Girl (23f) that I (22m) like can’t get over her ex, what should i do?
Slept with my ex boyfriend think he has a current girlfriend
Feeling guilty and anxious about not wanting to live with my family anymore because of the personality differences between me (F19) and my really lovely father (M49)?
Mountain of a Molehill? Gaslighting? What should I (27M) Do?
Is my depression and anxiety causing me to lose love for my bf?
Mountain of a Molehill? Gaslighting? Please help.
Hello I'm new here
Mountain of a Molehill? Gaslighting? What should I (27M) do.
Is my depression and anxiety making me lose love for my bf?
My parents are threatening divorce and its upsetting my sister
My (20M) girlfriend (21F) is upset with me after I cancelled plans to travel to visit her this weekend due to the virus.
Do guys with game also hold Ls with girls?
How can I [18F] stop feeling like I'm not good enough for him [18M]?
My [M 25] GF [F 20] is acting distant and remote and now I wont see her for almost a month?
How can I stop feeling like I [18F] am not good enough for him [18M]?
[24F/24M] My boyfriend's parents use him for emotional support/as a therapist - concerned
I am scared of my Ex-Fiance
My friends think me [F26] and my best friend [M27] are stand-in partners and I don't know how to move forward
Liar
How can I [18M] bring up the use of marijuana or other some other medicine to help me sleep to my parents?
He (m27) hides his relationship with me (f23)
My friends think me [F26] and my best friend [M27] are basically partners and I don't know how to move forward
Do guys with game also hold Ls with girls?
My [24 M] girlfriend's friend [22 F] just asked me to lend her money, again. What should I do?
Communication Issue between me [25M] and my gf [27F]
I [F20] have a crush on my best friend [F19] of 8 years but she's in a relationship that has lasted 3 years so far with a friend of mine and I wish to get over it
Is an 11 year age gap a big deal? I’m 20 and he’s 31. But age and being “too old for you” comes up a lot when we talk and I feel bad for it
What should I do? (M18)(F18)(F18)
My mom (50F) insists on things that never happened, and I (20F) feel like I'm going crazy
Ex fiance (37M) reaching back out to me (27F) after requesting no contact previously
My fiance (30m) forgot my (28f) birthday
Is an 11 year age gap a big deal? I’m 20 and he’s 31. But age and being “too old for you” comes up a lot when we talk and I feel bad for it
Brother 17 is depressed and I (27f) really don’t know how to help him
Toxic behaviour because of violent daughter?
20F & 31M
I (31F) want to separate from my husband (40M) when quarantine is over.
Guys: if you’d clicked with a woman and had some great dates before isolation, would you keep in contact with her or not bother due to the current circumstances?
Communication issues between me [25M] and my gf [27F]
Can’t The Past Just Be The Past!
Fiance forgot my birthday
How to approach this relationship?
He(27m) said he’s acting like this to make me(22f) break up with him.
He (m27) never posts me (f23) on social media anymore...normal?
People won’t let the past be the past
My (23F) boyfriend (23M) and his ex-girlfriend (F22) had an abortion. My boyfriend doesn't approve of the empathy concern that I have for his ex. Advice and insight would be appreciated
How can you tell if it's performance anxiety or sex avoidance?
I (18F) want to change for my ex-boyfriend (18M) that I still love
My [25M] girlfriend [27F] is a straight to the point and verbose kind of person and I'm a very sensitive and "read the room" kind of guy.
We are starving!! I have never had suicidal thoughts but they are starting to creep in. I am scared.
How can you tell if it's performance anxiety or sex avoidance?
How do I (F18) let my boyfriend (M18) know that I'd like him to buy me flowers?
My dad is interested in new woman shortly after my moms passing
My (40M) gf (29F) relapses yet again...
How do I (F18) tell my boyfriend (M18) that I'd like him to buy me flowers?
Ex-boyfriend [24M] and mean jokes
My(40M) GF(29F) of five years just relapsed again.
My dad is interested in new woman shortly after my moms passing
My (25F) Roommates (23F, 29F) are abusing me and gaslighting me to look like the bad guy during this quarantine.
daily birth control pills
I (27m) struggling with unresolved feelings for my first ex (27f) from years ago. Unsure what to do. (Repost as asked to edit)
26[m] feel like I've wasted my time maybe?
daily birth control pills
My wife cheated on me and we're trying to move on but...
Feel like I've invested and wasted my time [26m]
Trying to make my marriage work after she cheated but...
I (19F) think my boyfriend (19F) is failing college, again. What can I do?
Receivers of engagement rings, what’s the best way to introduce ethics to your desire for jewelry?
Boyfriend [24 M] makes me feel worthless but doesnt think it is his fault
My bf (28M) is spending a lot of time online with coworker
Bf(28M) is annoyed that my hall pass is Greg Davies and thinks I(28F) need to apologize. I honestly don't see what I did wrong.
Lost love...
Find lost love...
The state of the world is adding so many challenges to relationships… I feel like I'm putting my bf through the ringer by asking him to adhere to guidelines
Boyfriend [24 M] makes me feel worthless but doesnt think it is his fault
Should I [20F] still be getting nervous around my boyfriend [20M] of 2 months?
I (22M) feel manipulated by my gf (22F) and I don’t even know what the truth is anymore
GF F(23) won’t let go of being a side piece M(27)
My GF (32 F) of 2 years and pregnant, just discovered she is still married and not sure what to do...Me (33 M) Help!
How do I(21F) not let my irritability be unloaded on my (25M) boyfriend? LDR+cabin fever.
My [M/25] best friend [M/28] wants to have a 3 way w/me and his girl [f/23], we have done that before but never with a girl either of us was involved with and I am concerned about making things weird
I AM (M15) Attracted to friends sister (F19)
When I can call my girlfriend out on minor lies is it worth the fight?
My (23M) fiancee (23F) won't let me upstairs in our semi-newly purchased home and I'm starting to get really suspicious
My relationship (18m) seems toxic(18f) and I don't know what to do or should I stay?
Roommate (M22) is going home for easter and then coming back next tuesday to the house me (F25) and my other roommate (F24) all rent together during COVID-19 and I am upset
I (20f) have lost so many friends and potential partners that I’m worried I’m the problem
Letter to HIM - that man
I fucked my best friends sister in a hot tub
I (21F) don’t know how to handle long distance with my (25M) boyfriend.
I’m (26F) watching porn behind My husbands (29M) back.
Butt smell
I (M19) cheated on my girlfriend (18)
Confused Parent wants Ex Back
What would you do?
32(M) After a decade of heartbreak I'm not sure what to do with new relationships. Help? WARNING LONG POST
I (M19) cheated on my girlfriend (18)
I 19M let my 18F girlfriend blow another guy?
I messed up and feel so guilty
I (24f) feel lonely with my bf (28m)
Confused Parent still loves ex husband
Singles, how many different people do you talk to romantically on any given day? How many dates per week? (29M)
I, (22F) want to end my relationship with my (26M) boyfriend
Am I the JustNo? My bf and gaming
I (24f) feel lonely with my bf (28m)
My boyfriend lied. Advice?
Planning career around LDR
Overstaying Welcome?
I, (22F) want to end my toxic relationship with my (26M) boyfriend, but don’t know how
My (f/28) relationship dynamic with (29/m) reminds me of my parents in a bad way. Help?
My (23M) fiancee (23F) won't let me upstairs in our semi-newly purchased home and I'm starting to get really suspicious
Overstaying Welcome?
My boyfriend lied. Advice?
My [30M] girlfriend [27F] constantly shames me in public about not doing housework
How do I know if shes interested through text?
How do I manage my sisters outbursts?
(24F) My boyfriend (22M) is masturbating to a video game character and it hurts me
How do I manage my sisters outbursts?
Help with confidence
Help with self confidence
I [29F] am feeling pretty conflicted about how I feel about the guy [31M] I’ve been seeing for 3.5 months
BF wants to take his time immigrating.
My wife (30/f) is upset because my (32/m) parents did not invite us to Easter
How to deal with an aunt that wants a ‘genuine relationship’ but doesn’t respect my goals
UPDATE: I [28F] let my best friend’s mother [55F] live in my dead father’s apartment for 6 weeks while she waited for access to her new house. She stole from the apartment when she moved out.
BF wants to take his immigrating and finding a job.
Bf 32M breakout quarantine to socialise with friends and family
I (21F) feel like my boyfriend (22M) doesn't really want to be in a relationship.
I’m (26F) watching porn behind My husbands (29M) back.
Wife (30/f) is upset my (32/m) parents did not invite us to Easter, but invited my siblings
I [20F] want to tell my friend [20M] that he is just using me.
Boyfriend breaking quarantine and it’s pissing me off
I (32F) can't decide whether to leave my partner (33M). Love? Check. Respect? ...
Date Advice?
I finally learned how to communicate my feelings and set boundaries for myself (24F) and my friend/roommate (24F) lashes out even more in response to them. Advice please?
I [30M] have accidentally stumbled on a coworker having an affair. It gets way more complicated...
I [30M] may have accidentally stumbled on a coworker having an affair. It get way more complicated...
Where should I (29f) draw the line with my BF's (32m) drinking?
My [23F] guilt is preventing me from getting help.
When someone tells you that they are not ready....is it an excuse?
I (30F) have a frenemy (30F) that I can't cut out due to our couple's group, and I need help dealing with her because it's starting to affect my mental health.
I want to stop obsessing over my girlfriend
Live with girlfriend or with parents? Need to make a decision and I'm really confused!
Ex-fiance[24F] wants to meet me[24M] and I convinced myself she wants to reconcile.
Living with girlfriend or with parents? I am really confused!
GF [F29] kept asking me about my [M30] sexual past.
Are my (24F) feelings towards my SO (33M) justified or am I being insecure?
If a couple gets divorced that brought kids into the marriage from a previous marriage/relationship are those kids no longer step siblings?
My(24m) girlfriend(23f) is simply too much to handle recently
How to make a man fall in love with you
Are my (24F) feelings towards my SO (33M) justified or am I being insecure?
Mixture of Complications
Obsessed with fantasizing and having sex with him.
Ex-fiance[24F] wants to meet up with me[24M] and I convinced myself she wants to reconcile.
Moving in with boyfriends (23M) Family
I (22F) have a huge crush on a coworker (28M)
How to make a man fall in LOVE with you. Watch Full VIDEO HERE
My (31m) BF and I (28f) disagree with his FEMALE FRIENDS
I (24F) feel desperate and not enough for my boyfriend (26M)
I (23f) am going to graduate school in the fall. The local news wants to do a story on me. How do I inform my employer that I will be leaving in five months before they find out from the news?
Boyfriend (28) has a lot of female friends.
Having a smaller penis and dating
Forever alone because of small penis
Boyfriend confessed to watching trans porn.. Advice?
My brothers keep telling me to stop smoking weed and are just judgemental
I (24F) need advice/help about my boyfriend (26M)
My (16M) girlfriend (14F) has been a troublemaker recently
I (24F) need advice for myself about my boyfriend (26M)
My (16M) girlfriend (14F) has started to be problematic recently
My brothers keep telling me to stop smoking weed and are just judgemental
My girlfriend has been problematic recently
Non-hormonal contraceptive pill can be taken weekly or after sex
Why have I (30F) never been asked out by anyone (0M)?
Leaving Coronavirus lockdown with partner
Should I (F/21) move in with my Dad (M/63) and his SO (F/65) even though I can afford a flat?
Should I continue therapy sessions with my therapist?
Should I (F28) continue therapy sessions with my therapist (35+F)?
what would you do if you were in love with your online friend?
I’m 23F Financially Independent - Mom is Draining my Bank Account
Was I roofied?
My [27M] girlfriend [25F] of 3 months said something that isn't sitting well on my mind. Am I overthinking it?
My (32m) boyfriend (24ftm) cheated on me.
NSFW: My(21) gf(21) told me that yesternight she had a dream about having sex with her 2nd cousin.
I (24F) broke up with my (27M) boyfriend
My (28F) best friend (31F) has stopped speaking to me since I started dating a woman (30F)
My [27M] girlfriend [25F] of 3 months said something that isn't sitting well on my mind. Am I overthinking it?
NSFW: My(21) gf(21) told me that yesternight she had a dream about having sex with her 2nd cousin
I have no interest in sex and I don't know what to do about it.
Husband(24 m) seems constantly upset and it's starting to get to me(24 f)
I have zero interest in sex right now. I need advice
I (23F) don't know how to stop missing my ex (21M) a year after we broke up, even though he sucks
I had a plan, but my feelings for FWB are growing.
I (20m) don't know how to help my gf (22f) with her mental health issues, and they have been getting worse
Giving my friendship to someone I have romantic feelings for
How do I (19m) finally let go of my estranged Mom (39f)
It's been a year and I still miss my ex boyfriend even though he kind of sucked (23F)
How do I (19m) finally let go of my estranged Mom (39f)
I lost my parents last year. My 'so called friends' abandoned me.
Giving my friendship to someone I have romantic feelings for
My [32M] partner’s [32M] mental health is slowly ruining our relationship. What should I do?
We’re about to move. My boyfriend keeps making unnecessary purchases.
Question: For those who are experienced, how do you cope with being in a relationship of someone who is divorced with children? See below for details...
Should I use plan B without telling my girlfriend ?
My (22f) boyfriend (22m) of 2 years doesn't want to have sex yet he watches (and lies) about porn
How can I know if I [M22] have a crush on my [F20] Friend?
How do I (22F) deal with annoying coworkers?
I (19F) just recently found out that my BF (25M) has a Tiktok account and only follows girls and most of them are asians and teenagers.
My [28F] boyfriend [28M] does special things we talked about doing together, without me and then disregards me when I try to bring it up.
My [28F] boyfriend [28M] is doing something we talked about doing together, without me and disregarding my feelings over it.
I(22) have a huge crush on a coworker(28)
I (F28) can't force myself to trust my boyfriend (M27) after he hurt me. What should I do?
https://youtu.be/66xjVmKgDEo
I (19F) just recently found out that my BF (25M) has a Tiktok account and only follows girls and most of them are asians and teenagers.
Do you think it's a good thing or a bad thing to share passwords in a relationship?
Living together... Does it get easier?
Boyfriend [24/M] of 9 months doesn’t understand that I [21/F] need clitoral stimulation to be ready for sex. How do I make him understand?
What do you think!
Close Friend (f/27) says me (f26) and my partner's (m28) baby name is transphobic and is icing us out, and I'm at a loss.
Why is there such a stigma around “wanting attention”?
I (F28) can't force myself to trust my boyfriend (M27) after he hurt me. What should I do?
How can I fix my behaviour towards my exbf
I miss him and he probably doesn’t even remember me
I [32M] feel like my partner’s [32M] mental health is ruining our relationship
Saying to one of my best friends I have feelings
How can I fix my behaviour towards my exbf
Girlfriend (23) still has pictures of her ex on her laptop
I feel trapped — dreading talking with my sister
I [32M] don't know how to tell me GF [25F] of my mental problem/situation
I feel trapped — dreading talking with my sister
I feel trapped - dreading talking to my sister
21 Male, really really really I'm serious, I'm looking for chat
My father (55m) is making fun of me (21m) for cooking, and playing the Paino
I [32M] don't know how to tel my GF [25F] of my mental problems
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) and I keep getting in the same fight that I always start and it never goes anywhere
Bf (22) is an international student from Korea and we’re running out of time.
Bf lied about messaging a girl
Should i go on a break or breakup?
I newd help with my wife and our daughter
Should I(F18) reach out to my brother (M26)?
My back against the wall...
I (25F) don't know how to communicate to my boyfriend of almost a year (37M) when I want sex and it's starting to take its toll on me
Back against the wall...
My family frequently guilt-trips me because my girlfriend doesn’t come over
crush (15M) blocked me (15F) and then dmed my best friend (15F)
What Should I (17M) do about my Girlfriends (17F) parents?
Back against the wall...
Dreaming of an Ex from 4 years ago.
I love my boyfriend but me and my best mate fancy eachother
My Ex (20F) and I (19M) have been broken up a month and a half and she texted me a week ago saying she misses me, but she just got into a rebound with a major downgrade.
I love my bf but me n my best mate fancy eachother
“Anyway, I gave them your name :)” My [25F] mum keeps giving my info out to complete strangers, without my permission, which annoys me and makes me uncomfortable.
Does she like me or does she just need somone to talk too?
What should I (17M) do about my Girlfriends (17F) parents?
Boyfriend (22M) refusing me sex (20F) extremely paranoid of me getting pregnant
My (31F) husband (32F) of 4 years said he can’t say nice things to me when I’m in pain...
UPDATE: BF (26 M) accuses me of getting mad because he bought cake for his sister (20F) and not for me (26F)
I'm new here!
Boyfriend (22M) is refusing me (20F) sex extremely paranoid of pregnancy
She stopped talking to me when I thought everything was going great.
Boyfriend (22) refusing sex extremely paranoid of pregnancy
i’m (16f) not being friends with my ex (19m) because he is friends with the girl (18f) that he cheated on me with
I'm (24F) dreaming of my ex every single night despite being in a happy 2 year relationship, and it's making me feel guilty and confused
She stopped talking to me when everything seemed to be great.
I'm a 17m and really unsure if I should break up with my gf.
What should I do about my Girlfriends parents?
My(19m) gf(19f) broke broke up with after 3 years, the last 6 months we both not put enough in and she supposedly lost feelings. I want to show her that it won't be like that again, I will fully submit because my eyes are open and I now know whats at stake.
Depressed ex wants space but then suddenly unfriends me on social media
My(20M) looking for new friends (M?) or (F?)
Depressed crush wants space but then suddenly unfriends me on social media
Girlfriends Parents Will Not Talk To Me. What Should I Do?
My (20M) just looking for new friends.
I (25 F) caught my bf (30M) sending his ex a romantic message
Said I love you to a guy. He says I love you back. Communication faded away but when we communicated back, I changed and fucked it up.
My (20F) sister (21F) keeps going back to her "ex-boyfriend" (21M) and it's negatively affecting the relationship with me and my mum (52F)
My(19m) gf(19f) broke up with me after 3 years, the last 6 months we both did not put enough in and she supposedly lost feelings. I want to show her that it wont be like that again and my eyes are open because I know whats at stake.
(20M) looking for new friends 💚
My [28M] sexual history made my GF [27F] of 2 years distant and cold.
Can get over my ex
Do I (F23) tell my best friend (M25) that I'm into him?
My (25F) boyfriend's (25M) niece (11F) is going through my stuff
I (23M) might be more gay than I initially thought and don't want to hurt my girlfriend (24F)
what should i do for my anniversary this weekend?
what should i do for my anniversary this weekend?
My (25F) boyfriend's (25M) niece (11F) is going through all my stuff
social distancing anniversary
I think i loved onother person
My[23F] uncle left some money to me, my siblings[20F,18F] and my dad[52M] after he passed away. Now my cousins[22F,20F] and my aunt[57F] are harassing us and make up constant lies about us. How can I deal with these people without creating even more drama?
(29f) my boyfriend (32m) said I love you during sex
UPDATE: My (26M) gf (31F) sending her ex (32M) nudes, cash and intimate texts but claims she wants to marry me
I (19f) have a hard time communicating with my (22M) bf
GF struggling over ex’s damage
My boyfriend is sexting other women
My (31F) husband (32M) said he can’t say nice things to me when I talk about pain.
GF struggling over ex
My (31F) husband (32m) said he cannot day nice things to me when I talk to him about pain/health issues.
Why am i a target prey for playing? How do i get over the last dirty play?
What would you do if you were me?
What would you do if you were me?
my GF[18] told me[19M] after a year of being together that she would like to be just "Friends with benefits"
What would you do if you were me?
Does this guy (25M) online really want to be my (30F) boyfriend after we had only talked for a few minutes?
Will I have to have a teenage love affair in my late 20s? How do I fix my dating life?
My (27F) boyfriend (25M) thinks that other people kissing him is harmless.
Should I(22NB) continue relationship with someone (25NB) after finding out they assaulted someone in the past
My (27F) boyfriend (25M) thinks that other people kissing him is harmless.
How can I (20F) make this better when he (21M) won’t listen?
Did I do the wrong thing by preventing a relationship, so that I could get the girl?
Tension with my roommate
How can I (20F) make this better when he (21M) won’t listen to me?
I (23M) want to but feel powerless to fix things with my gf (24F)
My (23F) boyfriend (21M) thinks he is cold/emotionally stuck up. How can I help him open up?
Did I do the wrong thing by preventing a potential relationship so that I could get the girl?
How Can I (23 F) introvert connect better with my bf (22M)?
I [25m] don't feel attracted to my fiancée[28f] anymore
My (23F) boyfriend (21) whom I've been with for 1.7year thinks he is cold/emotionally stuck up. How can I help him open up?
Playing chicken with clarifying/sharing my (24F) feelings for my roommate (26F). Do I make. A. Move.
Should I (23F) tell my boyfriend (26M) that I slept with someone he knows before we even met?
Was I dramatic to call police? Long but pls read
FWB [25M] hints at something more, but contradicts himself. I [23F] am starting to wish we gave it a try.
Controlling
My (23) boyfriend (21) whom I've been with for 1.7year thinks he is cold/emotionally stuck up. How can I help him open up?
I'm (f17) going off to college, but my boyfriend (m20) was a college student when we started dating. This isn't on any advice forums. Help!
My (17m) girlfriend (18f) admitted to exchanging photos of herself for money
SOs with wealthy families
I miss my ex
My (36M) son (4) said that he likes me better than my wife (37F) and she responded with anger and vitriol
I miss my ex
My (F24) partner (M21) publicly implied I was a rapist apologist, not sure what to do
My (F24) partner (M21) publicly implied I was a rapist apologist, not sure what to do
SOs from much wealthier families
My (F24) partner (M21) publicly implied I was a rapist apologist, not sure what to do
This song is incredibly relatable. This song litterally desrcibes a former a relationship of mine. :(
(29f) my boyfriend (32m) said I love you during sex
My gf (18f) admitted to exchanging photos of herself for money
is it ever a good idea to get back together with an ex? if so, what should i look out for?
Did she lose interest? Or am I over-thinking things?
Intimacy issues after loss.
I don't think i'll ever want to be in a relationship
Did she lose interest? Or am I over-thinking things?
How do I learn to be more romantic for the sake of myself and my relationship?
I thought she was losing interest... now I'm thinking that I was overthinking
Guy that I’m “seeing” told me he loves me
Secure Your Relationships With Couples Counseling Online & Marriage Counseling Online
i think i might be a lesbian (nsfw)
I love my gf but I still think about my toxic ex.... the one I’m in love with.
My [30M] girlfriend [27F] constantly shames me in public about not doing housework
How to be romantic?
My(18F) boyfriend(18M) calls other girls and goes to their houses alone all the time
What is a red flag behavior in a potential partner that could lead to bigger issues down the road?
Should I have helped her out of her abusive relationtionship?
My (19m) gf (19f) wants me to be friends with a girl (20f) who cut me off last year
6 perks of being in a relationship
My (26M) GF (39F) keeps deleting message with chat conversations with other guys no matter how many times I ask her to not do it, besides breakup what can I do?
I [27F] spent the night gazing at stars with a guy[27M] while we were both dating other people. Insane chemistry, zero moves made
Old bffs
Spent the night gazing at stars with a guy(not my boyfriend) Felt a connection but we’re just friends and dating other people
I (24F) feel jealous of my boyfriend (20M) talking to a girl he used to have a crush on.
Old bffs
Old bffs
I (17M) have never kissed a girl or had a relationship.
A really close friend of mine [15M] is distancing himself from me [15M] and I don't know why
What to do when you were the one who broke up with them and now you’ve changed your mind
Help?!!! Trying to break the ice with new roomie.
My friend (21M) has a crush on me (21F) and is constantly texting me.
I worked for my dad for 10 years managing a warehouse and now he’s threatening to fire me if I don’t get rid of my fiancè.
I am a 17(M) that has never had a girlfriend and hasn't even kissed a girl.
Friend (21M) has a crush on me (21F) and is constantly texting me.
Man with a guarded heart
I accidentally looked at my boyfriend’s father’s junk outline and boyfriend is extremely upset
I’ve caught my husband talking to 3 different girls in the last year and I don’t know what to do
Friend (21M) has a crush on me (21F) and is constantly texting me
How long is a normal amount of time to wait to say "I love you" bf (23) said it would take at the very least 6 months
Friend 21M has crush on me 21F and keeps bothering me
Man with a guarded heart
What does it mean ?
Friend has a crush on me and is constantly bothering me
[25/m] I just can’t seem to forgive her [24/f], but I love her so much
Update: I(22f) think I'm falling hard for my best friend and roommate(24M)... but there is a problem
My (26m) wife(25f) refuses to let me have me time.
I (18F) don't know how to fix my relationship with him (19M) and if I should.
My (26m) wife (25f) refuses to let me have "me time".
How long should it take to say "I love you" in a relationship?
I (22F) have an extremely needy older sibling (29F) and I don't know how to deal with her
How long does it take you to say "I love you" in a relationship?
How long does it take you to say "I love you" in a relationship?
Advice on tackling incompatibilities in relationships?
Is it possible to get relationship burnout? F(18)
(23M) My GF (22F) is Suicidal and I Don't Know What to Do
Advice on tackling incompatibilities in my relationship?
(23M) My GF (22F) is Suicidal and I Don't Know What to Do
Advice on tackling incompatibilities/differences
People who are in a LTR and begin to get bored of the other person, what keeps you in the relationship?
Advice on tackling incompatibilities in my relationship?
Me [16 F] talked with [21 M] for 5 days on reddit private chat. Based on our interactions, what was he planning to do?
I (23F) don’t feel as much of a connection to my partner (25M) as I did before we moved in. He baby talks A LOT and it annoys me now. Am I crazy???
Why am I (21M) still stuck on my ex?
Help
Why am I (21M) still focused on my ex?
[24M 21F] Does it sound like this woman was trying to use me? I don’t know if the connection was real.
I (23M) want to break up with my long term girlfriend (24F) of 7 years and I don’t know how to
It's lonely...
My BF [32M] was drinking on Skype with a friend [?F] of his, am I[26F] overreacting?
Me [16 F] talked with [21 M] for 5 days on reddit private chat. I said I was interested in him initially. I think he later emotionally manipulated me. What was he planning to do?
It's lonely...
How do I (30M) come out to my religious family about my sexual identity?
My narcissistic and suicidal mother thinks COVID-19 is a conspiracy. We got in several arguments, and now I'm worried about her safety.
Me [16 F] talked with [21 M] for 5 days on reddit private chat. I said I was interested in him initially. I think he later emotionally manipulated me. What was he planning to do?
[24M 21F] Does it seem this girl was trying to ‘use’ me and I made the right move or did I overreact to her STI and push her away?
My Boyfriend Has A Gambling Problem, Should I Be Mad? (M/23, F/21)
My Boyfriend Gambled With The Money I Gave Him, Should I Be Mad? (M/23, F/21)
My narcissistic and suicidal mother thinks COVID-19 is a conspiracy. We got in several arguments, and now I'm worried about her safety.
How do I get my bf to eat like a grown up?
What was he planning to do? What would have happened if I followed through?
What was going on? What would have happened if I followed through?
Help please my girlfirend was mad at me and we are better now but i still wanna say sorry
Over a year ago, I (27M) met what I felt was like the girl (27F) of my dreams. Or so I thought?
A year ago, I (27M) met what I felt was like the girl (27F) of my dreams. Or so I thought?
I think it's time to break up. Need help figuring out how to.
A year ago, I (27M) met what I felt was like the girl (27F) of my dreams. Or so I thought?
I (19F) feel like I have wasted months on this guy (21M), and it was all for nothing. Was I in the wrong?
Open Relationship
I think it's time I break up with my boyfriend.
A year ago, I (27M) met what I felt was like the girl (27F) of my dreams.
Soooo are we breaking up?
What was going on? What would have happened if I followed through?
Are we broken up or what?
How do I come out to my religious family about my sexual identity?
My girlfriend (20F) says that I (23M) expect too much off her when I create expecations based on what she tells me.
I [22 M] lied about my height to her [20 F] what do I do?
My boyfriend (21) broke up with me last night for the second time. How am I supposed to forget about all of this?
Would you stay and fight or would you move on?
I feel trapped in this relationship (if it even is one) and just constantly hurt by it :(
Hey guys my girlfriend is mad at me and please help me
How to turn an FWB into a boyfriend?
Would you move on or would you stay and fight?
I'm [23M] starting to think my GF [23F] is vastly more wealthy than I originally thought. What do?
Turn a FWB into a boyfriend
Struggling with a moody girlfriend, advice
Should I (M27) ask my co-worker (F24) why we have such a hot/cold thing or is it to late?
Food differences/difficulty
You feel it. It’s bot actually happening, but you know it is behind your back.
Should I (M27) ask my co-worker (F24) why we have such a hot/cold thing or is it to late?
My boyfriend [38M] had a 5 year long sexual relationship with his friend [61M] before we were together, hid it from me [24F], and thinks it’s okay bc his friend is a man
Why did someone (22M) I went out with a year and a half ago, message me (20F) happy bday?
If you could say something in person or text to the first person you ever fell in love with but things didn’t work out, what would you wanna say?
My ex-friend/roommate was asking about me to my other friends.
My high school regret...
My (26M) gf (31F) sending her ex (32M) nudes, cash and intimate texts but claims she wants to marry me
Even if I Did have feelings for her, it shouldn't matter, because she lives ...da da da in another state...about a 2 hour drive.
My (26M) gf (31F) still chats with her ex and shares intimate details with him
My ex boyfriend (21) as of yesterday broke up with me for the second time. How do I move on?
I (23m) told a girl in my theater class who trusted me that if I saw her nude, I wouldn't sexualize her years ago
I am more into sex than my boyfriend and it is hurting my self-esteem and our relationship.
Me(18m) and my sister(17f) have a really shitty relationship.
My ex (30F) has been as ass for three months. The she asked to meet up so she could apologise. I (28M) agreed to meet...but the conversation was mostly pointless. Why did she even bother?
M (19) I feel uncomfortable in relationships
I (25) told my bf (28) I am going to stop seeing him because of the coronavirus lockdown...
Girl (23F) I'm (23M) dating hasn't deleted Tinder
UPDATE: My ex (30F) has been as ass for three months. The she asked to meet up so she could apologise. I (28M) agreed to meet...but the conversation was mostly pointless. Why did she even bother?
I can’t deal with the distance
M (19) single, I feel uncomfortable in relationships
I can’t deal with the distance
I (25) told my bf (28) I am going to stop seeing him because of the coronavirus lockdown...
(M39) and (F29) Did she leave the door open at the end?
Is it really so weird to date a dude 5 years younger than you? 31[M] and 36[F]. My friends and family are giving me grief :\
I don' feel useful to be in a relationship
how to deal with my [20F] jealousy towards boyfriend [21M]?
I’m I right for being upset?
I need some help! (19M)
I really felt the loneliness today.
My ex GF(22) is confusing me(26)
My (26F) brother (21) is avoiding my dad (48)
Why do I get so jealous with....
Advice on some information my boyfriend just revealed to me regarding porn
My ex GF(22) is confusing me(26)
Why do I get so jealous of my boyfriends ex's
I (M17) am in the middle of my last conversation with a friend (F16)
Am I wrong to expect a little more conversation from my boyfriend?
I'm in the middle of my last conversation with a friend
Boyfriend or roommate. I don’t even know anymore
Boyfriend or roommate? I don’t even know anymore
My (17M) bitter feelings almost destroyed a friendship with one of my best friends (17M)
Need true opinions
UPDATE: My fiancé [30F] is upset that I [29M] got her a new record player.
I am [24M] looking to contact ex because I’m worried about her [24F]. Should I do it and how?
I (F19) feel emotionally numb around partner sometimes (M19)?
Boyfriend or roommate? I don’t even know anymore
Is it normal to feel emotionally numb around partner at times?
Want to check up on Ex. Should I contact?
Husband spent a lot of money on a stupid game
I’m (17M) bitter about my friend (17M)
Husband spending on video games
Advice on GFs bday gift?
How do I start a conversation w/ my crush
My (F19) bf (20) is hinting at nudes
Am I (26F) just bored of my husband (26M)?
My girlfriend (f20) is seeming distant to me all of a sudden
Girl knew why she got my number
Me [50/F] with my spouse [ 51M] 11 years married- difficulty with communication. How to overcome?
I’ve caught my husband talking to 3 different girls online and I don’t know what to do
Really need advice - constantly ruminating over my friendship/crush.
Unsure if i want to be in an open relationship
Need advice - ruminating over my friendship/crush
How do I start taking too someone
Today I [20f] found my credit card that has been missing for months in my absolute best friend's [20m] backpack. Someone had used it to buy cigarettes several times before I cancelled it 4 months ago. I need to know how to go on about this.
I’ve caught my husband talking to three different girls online and need advice on how to confront him
I found my boyfriend's instagram password.
I (M26) want some additional input for an upcoming talk with my gf (F27) of 2 months
Can't tell if i'm comfortable with an open relationship
Today I [20f] found my credit card that has been missing for months in my absolute best friend's [20m] backpack. Someone had used it to buy cigarettes several times before I cancelled it 4 months ago. I need to know how to go on about this.
I (22F) am worried about my best friend (23M) and his marriage
Am I wrong to be expecting a little more from my boyfriend?
How to prove you won’t ever cheat again (actions)
My (m/22) girlfriend (f/22) doesnt let me masturbate and its pissing me off.
Penis is cursed, please help (performance anxiety)
I (25F) asked my boyfriend (29M) to take a break
My (m/22) gf (22/f) doesnt let me masturbate and its making my temper extremely bad lately.
I feel my Relationship might be toxic but i don't know.
trying to create intimacy and failing miserably
Was honest with my (34m) girlfriend (32f) about my view on my previous relationship, now she won’t talk to me.
PERFORMANCE ANXIETY - worked with my ex and now it doesn’t with any other girl
21 and never had a serious relationship
Can anyone help me find a specific type of relationship? 20F looking for help
I found my boyfriend's Instagram password.
What is love
I'm 21 and never had a boyfriend/serious relationship :(
Can anyone help me find a specific kind of relationship?
What is love
Girlfriend gone cold. Don’t know what to do.
What is love
20F need help looking for online findom relationship
I (30 M) caught my girlfriend (25 F) of less than a year on a dating site (among lots of red flags popping up over the year)
want to learn how to trust
Is it wrong that I (29M) don't want to build relationships with others anymore?
I Feel my relationship might be Toxic but i don't know.
How to move on after breaking up with a “ sociopath “ ?
I want to fall in love.
I want to fall in love
20F need help looking for online findom relationship
trust
trust
A little uncomfortable about a girl (24F) I'm(25M) seeing still hanging out with her ex?
I'm (22 F) and my bf (27 M). He talks less and responds too late
trust
What should I do?
despite being available
I (30m) caught my girlfriend (25f) of less than a year on a dating site (among lots of red flags popping up over the year). TL;DR included
Girlfriend gone cold , Don’t know what to do
trust
My[19m] (ex?)-Girlfriend[19F] Lost Hope For The Both Of Us
I (27m) struggling with unresolved feelings for my first ex (27f) from years ago. Unsure what to do.
HELP
Need advice!!
Long but I need advice ... bad lol
Girlfriend (31) let slip something about her sexual past, now my (35) ego feels the need to re-enact it.
How to deal with quarantined away from your significant other? Also He’s still working..?
My (19m) girlfriend (20f) is crying now
So my girlfriend is crying now
I F (17) never had a first kiss or a boyfriend
I F(16soon17)never had a first kiss or a boyfriend
My [26 F] Guy Friend [26 M] Still Wants to be Friends
F (25) Emotionally exhausted
Feeling alone and need relationship advice
Relationship advice during covid
M(25), F (me, 25) got into a fight, I needed space, and now he hasn't texted me back.
MIL(42f) Hates Me(26f) And I'm Not Sure Why
MIL (42f) Hates Me (26f) And Dislikes My Kids
Is 8 months too long to not be saying "I love you"?
Me (20M) always considered myself as straight but partly curious, decided to experiment and now have feelings for S (40M) but I have found out he's engaged/married HELP
Met my best friend/gf on gta online :)
Even IF I Did have feelings for her, it shouldn't matter because she lives (in the next state over, about 2 hour drive)
I'm (23F) having trouble reconnecting with my parent
I'm (18F) struggling dating (18M) in person for the first time.
Is sex boring now?
Me (22) and Gf (20) are finding it hard being apart and I am considering if we should and could live together until this is over but she is not sure
Me (20M) always considered myself as straight but partly curious, decided to experiment and now have feelings for S (40M) but I have found out he's engaged/married HELP
Fiancé’s(M28) ex coworker revealed she had a crush on him. They won’t stop talking... am I wrong?
Me (22) and Gf (20) are finding it hard being apart and I am considering if we should and could live together until this is over but she is not sure
Am I (29f) being too sensitive about my boyfriend (33m) criticizing my cooking but never helping?
Fiancé’s(M28) ex coworker revealed she had a crush on him. They won’t stop talking... am I wrong?
Gf says i dont show enough emotion
How do I(22f) "connect" emotionally with men I date?
First time meeting someone online after talking for 3.5 years
I'm (29F) struggling to deal with the guilt and shame after lashing out at my bf (30M) after he hurt me. How can I move on from this?
I think I’m damaged
My roommate (20F) has her boyfriend (21M) over most of the time/sleeps over every night.
Deep down I (23M) know I want to try again with my ex (22F) girlfriend. Am I looking for hope when there is none?
Sex life=nonexistent
Am I [20F] being selfish over my SO [25M] working too much?
I (18m) was broken up by my now ex boyfriend (18m) and we left things good but he has gotten hateful
Me(16M) just found out my (15F) Girlfriend is going through a depressive episode where she is emotionally deficit. How do I not take the depressive behaviour personally and let it cloud my feelings?
I'm [21F] worried these might be dealbreakers for him [24M]
How do I (24f) confront my boyfriend (24m) about his disrespectful friend?
I (18m) was broken up with about a month ago by my now ex boyfriend (18m) and we left things off semi decent and I haven't dont anything to him since to make him hate me but he is being super hateful.
How much gas money would you ask your neighbor for to carpool, back and forth to work, in your car? I'm not trying to make a profit, just something that is fair. Re: from previous post
I need advice
My (24M) partner (23F) says her sexual attraction faded but that she still has feelings for me
My (24f) boyfriend's (24m) friends don't respect me and I don't know how to confront him.
Meeting someone for the first time after 3.5 years
Do you care if your boyfriend watches girls twerk on Tory Lanez live? 🧐
My partner says her sexual attraction faded but that she still has feelings for me
I need an advice
How can I (20M) open up to potential partners?
She(18f) broke up with me(19m)
My boyfriend is addicted to porn and saves girls pictures from Facebook.
Confused. Should I go or should I stay?
My(20M) GF(20F) of 1 year is feeling down the last few days and I'm looking for Ideas of topics to discus over the phone that might help.
I (23F) got tagged in a “first couple pic” post that’s going around on social media. Should I tag my friend (22F) whose relationship is on the rocks?
I think it might be time to end my LDR...
What do I do?
Codependency, empathy, invulnerability- Will we make it???
My (18M) dad (52M) doesn't want me going to an out of state college and is pressuring me to choose an in-state option.
Seeking opinion
Confused. Should I go or should I stay?
Confused. Should I go or should I stay?
Am I right on this?
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) has become extremely complacent with herself and it's really starting to get to me.
Guy I was involved with for a year, left me last week. He Kept contacting me this week, since I ignored he deleted me off social media. Was I wrong to ignore him? I regret it now— but it’s too late? Why was he contacting me?
Dear Cuckolds, how do you know that your partner is still romantically attached/interested in you beyond the fetish?
Am I wrong here?
My (23F) mother (46F) stole and threw out my asthma inhaler
Am in the wrong?
How do I ask out a girl who is trying to set me up with another girl ?
Guy I was involved with for a year, left me last week, yet kept contacting me this week. Why? Was I wrong to ignore his texts? I regret it now — but it’s too late?
Am I in the wrong here? (having kids question)
A guy I was involved with for a year, left me last week, but kept contacting me this week. Why? Was I wrong to ignore his texts? I regret it now as I missed opportunities to talk with him, but he deleted me off social media today after he realized I was ignoring him.
What's wrong?
Inter-racial relationship with black women
Am I wrong here? (having kids question)
My [F27] cousin's [F28] boyfriend [M35] has changed her for the worse and I don't know how to help her
Am I in the wrong here? (having kids question)
How do I ask out a girl who is trying to set me up with another girl ?
How can I [17F] learn to accept the compliment when my boyfriend [18M] of 1.5 months tells me I’m beautiful?
What's wrong?
Sexual issue and relationship :/
I posted this already and deleted I’m sorry. My (24f) boyfriend (25m) is depressed. I’m just feeling totally rejected, drained and lonely. Don’t know what to do to help him.
TLDR I posted this already and deleted I’m sorry. My (24f) boyfriend (25m) of 4 years is depressed. I’m just feeling totally rejected, drained and lonely. Don’t know what to do to help him.
Singles, how many different people do you talk to romantically on any given day? How many dates per week?
I said no to make up
Sex issue and relationship :/
She wanted to use make up on me
Sex issue and relationship
Roommates eating my food
I’m never falling ‘in love’ again!
My boyfriend of two years (M27) was is the parentified sibling of a sister with Special Needs. I (F30) think he needs to walk away from it.
My cousin's boyfriend has changed her for the worse and I don't know how to help her
Should I [27F] ghost the only friend [28F] I have left?
is it wrong that i get jealous when my boyfriend calls people for hours?
Fuckboy advice???? Helpppo
Pure Romance Consultant
Girlfriend [23F] of 3 years needs me [27M] as joint sponsor for visa or risks deportation
Roommates eating my food
I(23M) am kinda bothered by my friend not being so open(20F)
I(23M) am kinda bothered by my friend not being so open(20F)
I get sad when my bf shows affection towards me
is it wrong that im jealous when my boyfriend calls people for hours?
Ever been emotionally cheated on a sketchy way?
(US) Girlfriend [23F] needs joint sponsor for greencard application, or risks being deported
Roommates eating my food
My girlfriend [22 F] broke up with me [22 M] for the 4th time and I feel more lost then ever before.
24F in 8 months of long distance relationship, had a rough 4 months, wanted to break up, since it wasn't mutual, thought of giving it a chance and took a break for now.. I miss him for sure, but dont feel love anymore..
How can I get my ex's mom to stop messaging me without sounding harsh?
My gf kisses her lesbian friend
I (27 female) need relationship advice. Boyfriend (25)
24F in 8 months of long distance relationship, had a rough 4 months, wanted to break up, since it wasn't mutual, thought of giving it a chance and took a break for now.. I miss him for sure, but dont feel love anymore..
I (27 female) need advice on my relationship with my boyfriend (25 )
I told him we’re done
Relationship advice
Boyfriend (M/19) is letting himself go and has no ambition and it’s making me (F/18) less attracted to him. Help?
ABRAHAM HICKS LOVE 2020 ❤️ Most Powerful Love Relationship Advice ❤️
Friend [30F] confided in me too much about her romantic relationship struggles and now our friendship is spoiled. I'm [29F] resentful.
I (22F) have a serious long distance relationship with my bf (21) for 2 years but am now doubting myself
Best Friend (M) is in love w/me (M)
Tonight my (28f) boyfriend (27m) put herbs on my fish because he said “you always say you don’t like things and then you’re wrong” even though I said yesterday I don’t like herbs on my fish when I made us dinner and only put herbs on his
Do I (20 F) have to break up with my boyfriend (27 M) for lying to me about having an STI?
Best friend (M19) and me (F19) growing apart and Idk to give up or not
Best friend (M19) and me (F19) Growing Apart and I don’t know to give up or not
how can I (20, f) support my brother's (16, m) mental health during quarantine?
My GF(23) Keeps getting mad at me
I think my (37F) teenager (17) is in a manipulative relationship
My (22M) girlfriend (22F) of 4 years called off our wedding, but we are still together. Is it time for me to end it?
how can i (20,f) support my brother (16,m) with his mental health during quarantine?
Me[23F] ending relationship before marriage with [24M]
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) always closes her eyes during sex
I told him we‘re done
I'm [F25] jealous that my best friend [F25] is getting closer to another girl [F26]
I think my (36F) teenager (17) is in a manipulative relationship
Smoke weed thats how you forgot about the person even existed. LOL U dont nobody but yourself .
Is it bad to tell my boyfriend he’s lazy?
my partner [31f] is depressed, but i [26f] can’t stop thinking about sex
my partner [31f] is depressed, but i [26f] can’t stop thinking about sex
I want to hookup with my ex boyfriend. How can I?
love in a time of covid19
Tired of the screaming and insults
I (17f) accidentally started a rumour that this girl who was bullying me is dating me. She's (17f) furious and so is her mom.
My [18M] friend who I used to have a crush on [19F] keeps trying to get with me only after I lost weight.
I (29M) got dumped by (28F) girl I've been seeing for 3 months. I feel sick. Please help.
How should I tell my roommate that her behaviours really disturb me
I'm [F25] jealous that my best friend [F25] is getting closer to another girl [F26]
I (22F) am in a toxic/abusive marriage from both sides with (22M) is there any chance to save it?
Should I be honest to my ex with my feelings or get going as I am?
I [23F] think my friend [23F] doesn't have my best interest at heart
Still in love with a cheater
Shall I be honest with my ex that I still have feelings for her?
I don't think my son [17 M] is mature enough to use the internet without monitoring.
Been with My [24M] GF [23F] for 1.5 years, and I think I'm just not in love. I wish I had some help breaking up or making a decision.
My roommate [23 f] and I are quarantining together but I never see her...?
I (22F) am in a toxic/abusive marriage from both sides with (22M) is there any chance to save it?
Can someone explain to me how I treated my (23M) girlfriend (23M) badly
How to survive being separated during lockdown? (UK)
i (19f) never look at the physical aspect of someone when in a relationship & i get too much shit for it
I [35 M] and married, want to upgrade my graphics card
I love him but it isn’t working out
We have been fighting and now I don't know if we can make it.
I want to upgrade my graphics card but I am married.
Couples books
Close friend (21f) relies too much on me (22f)
I [23F] don't think my friend [23F] has my best interest at heart
My best friend (M19) sexually assaulted my abusive ex (M21).
My [31bf] is upset that I didn’t keep my [27f] word about never sleeping with my childhood blanket again
Am I the crazy one
I lost both my to testicles torsion , I feel terrible....
My [31] bf is upset that I went back on my [27]F word on not sleeping with my childhood blanket anymore
How do I(17) break up with my bf(17)?
i (19f) never look at the physical aspect of someone when in a relationship & i get too much shit for it
How do u(17) break up with a depressed boyfriend (17)
I need advice
My (M20) partner of 4 years (F20) left me for being "egocentric" after all I've done for us.
The Rule of Monogamy: A cultural psychopathology
Am I wrong to feel like giving up?
Emotional/ trusting "inner voice" decision making
My Ex (21M) I was Very Close To Pretends I (22M) Don’t Exist
My (25M) girlfriend (22F) always closes her eyes during sex
I[25m] confronted my girlfriend[28f] about her past, turns out she slept with over 20 times the amount of men she originally said (she lost count at 21)
Struggling with insecurity after discovering husband looked at other women’s nudes online
I [20M] am going to break up with my GF [21F] tomorrow and I don’t know what to expect
Afraid to enter a romantic relationship (F18)
I [20M] am going to break up with my GF [21F] tomorrow and I don’t know what to expect
Should I get a loan to move out or just make it work for now?
I [20sF] am upset with my boyfriend [20sM] over something I feel strongly that he shouldn't do. How do I not react in an emotional way?
Another Girl, what should I do?
Emotional/ trusting "inner voice" decision making
My (21F) parents (49M) and (45F) are raising my youngest sibling (13M) to be a monster.
am i (19f) an introvert or just asocial af?
My [30M] girlfriend [27F] constantly shames me in public about not doing housework
Sociopathic guy (29 m) found my real info (28 f) after we only spoke on a throwaway email; help!
Another Girl, what should I do?
The girlfriend (25) and I (30) have dated over a year and last night I caught her going thru my phone as we slept because she had a “bad dream”
My husbands (38m) best friend (42m) is staying with us during COVID19, and is struggling with his mental health. What are some things I (36f) can do to help support him?
My boyfriend said youre not a priority while having an argument!
Getting my ex back, should I [29 F] change my fb status before my ex does [35 M] ?
Am I (23m) toxic with our (22m) relationship?
BF (M24) said youre not a priority while having an argument?
I (31F) have undeniable sexual tension with my landlord (58M), and I don’t know what to do.
I(f23) feel like I’m spending a bit too much time with my boyfriend(m25) but apparently it’s not enough. Who is in the right?
How would you feel if you BF (M24) said youre not a priority while having an argument?
Am I (23m) becoming toxic in our (22f) relationship?
Tired of the insults
Wanting him back
How would you feel is your BF (M24) said youre not a priority while having an argument?
How would you feel if your SO said you're not a priority while having an argument?
How do I (36/M) help my new wife (36/F) with her depression, BPD, stonewalling, and projection?
Should I (23F) stop playing hard to get with my depressed best friend(21M) Update #3: Getting an apology.
Moving to the USA as a civil engineer
Wanting him back
I [31M] haven’t heard from my LDR girlfriend [28F] for over a week and don’t know what to do next.
My(20M) GF(20F) is feeling down the last few days and I'm looking for Ideas of topics to discus over the phone that might help. [serious]
Wife just told me she thinks she’s gay.
My [30M] girlfriend [27F] constantly shames me in public about not doing housework
Can our (24F-32M) age difference be a problem in our relationship?
Wanting him back
I [F27] feel frustrated about him [M31] not helping with our move into a new home
Is my Sex drive too high or.... (21M)
Is my sex drive too high?
Wife just told me she’s gay.
Potential major issue with borrowed car
My [30M] girlfriend [27F] constantly shames me in public about not doing housework
Fiancé [30F] is upset that I [29M] bought her a new record player.
M26 me and f24 my gf, I would like some advice please be kind
me [M 20] ruined a chance with a girl i like [F 19]
I (19F) can't stand my dad (50ish)
Wanting him back
Me[m26]. My gf [f24] gave her number out at work and when I tried to talk to her about it she didn’t want to and it bothers me.
ruined a chance to go out with a girl i like
I lost both my testicles to testicular torsion , I feel terrible....
I [19F] am at my wits end with my grandmother[54]
Me (m26) her (f24) long distance and need advice
I[19F] am at my wits end with my grandmother[54].
My [18/F] ex's friend is texting me [18/M]
Fiancé [30F] is upset that I [29M] got her a record player.
Can't stand my dad
Should I (23F) stop playing hard to get with my depressed best friend(21M) Update #3: Getting an apology.
Me (m26) her (f24) she gave her number out to a older man
Wanting him back
My gf and I are long distance rn(both in twenties) she works at a airport and a older man, like 50-60 came and hit on her , and she gave her number out
Broke up with her, regret it...
Going on a break to decide what I want?
Going on a break to decide what I want?
Is our (24F-32M) age difference too big?
My (37f) fiancé (23m) is having a hard time with the loss of our dog (10m).
SO texts me Cute and Awwe frequently. Are we becoming too close or are my actions just cute?
My (19M) GF (19F) is too broke to buy me gifts. Should I stop giving her gifts?
I need advice.
My (19M) GF (19F) is too broke to buy me gifts. Should I stop buying her gifts?
What’s going on here?
Me (25) and my partner (29) of 11 months are fighting over not seeing each other during coronavirus
My (41m) son's (18m) girlfriend (18f) crossed a line of decency and I don't know how to go about confronting it.
How do I get over my feelings of rejection?
Is it just me or is quarantine affecting my relationship.
Close friend I’ve know for 4 years now, I’d like to get some insight or personal experience?
My brother (23M) wants to apologize for bullying me (19M) for being autistic and I don't know if I want to accept him.
Tired of him yelling
I really need some help! (M19)
Hurt/bothered my insensitivity ?
I (23f) need help initiating physical contact/sex with an older guy (40)
Does helping your parent with technology turn you into a monster?
I (23f) need help taking initiative to physical contact/sex with a guy (40)
Help! (19M)
Living with my (f21) mentally abusive brother (m29) in lock down is sending my anxiety into overdrive
My (f24) mom (f52) is asking me to joint sponsor her husband (m29) from Africa so he can become a citizen in the United States but I am hesitant
Ghosted by my friend
I 33M want to break up with 53F gf of 5 years
My (24F) mom (52) asked me to be a joint sponsor for her boyfriend (29) from Africa, what do I do?
Have a relationship with yourself before having one with others
Is it shameful I notice of women?
Categorizing women in their 40's in OLD
I’m so done
I’m Going To Go Crazy 😃
A devastated mum
I [20 M] can't stop thinking about the [18 F] lady in my unfinished love story for over 3 months. How do I move forward?
My boyfriend’s friend (all 25) makes me laugh much more than my boyfriend does.
My (26M) friend (28F) and I have been uncommunicative and I feel like it's my fault
I (23 F) am having trouble finding a relationship.
I 33M want to break up with my 53F gf of 5 yrs
My (26M) friend (28F) and I have been uncommunicative lately and I feel like it's my fault
(30'sF) having conflicting feelings after cuting off someone
Tired of him yelling
Inter-racial relationship with Black women
Single birthday
UPDATE: I [20 M] can't stop thinking about the [18] lady in my unfinished love story after over 3 months. What do I do to move forward?
I (20F) Have Noticed My Boyfriend (20M) Who I've Been With For 3 Years Has Been Upset
(M18) Things have been seeming off with my girlfriend recently (F18)
Should I (f21) tell my older sister (26f) about her husband's (28m) reported infidelity?
Living with my (f21) mentally abusive brother (m29) in lock down is sending my anxiety into overdrive
(M18) Something hasn't been feeling right with my girlfriend (F18)
UPDATE: I [20 M] can't stop thinking about the lady [18] in my unfinished love story after 3 months. What do I do to move forward?
I (20F) Have Noticed My Boyfriend (20M) Has Been Down Lately
My (26M) friend (28F) are being uncommunicative and it's my fault.
My (26M) friend (28F) and I are being uncommunicative and it's my fault
Bullying in workplace, advice needed please help?
My boyfriend (M22) and I (F21) broke up and I still love him
I [16M] stated that I wanted kids with light skin. This caused a white girl [16F] to be offended. What do I do?
Guy [32] I [31] met online kept on lying to me about his history. Should I still give it a chance?
My boyfriend (M22) and I (F21) ended our relationship and I'm not over it
Can I be overreacting? I feel like s.o is distancing herself
He [32] lied to me [31] about his history. Met online. Never met. Should I still trust him?
My boyfriend (30M) frequently snaps at me (28F) when something unrelated goes wrong.
I asked my crush (at work) out and was politely rejected, felt like sharing and hearing female perspective
He said "yes" with no hesitation
My ex [39M] and I [36F] were together for four years and split last November. We are hoping to reconcile and need self-help book suggestions.
Can I be over reacting? I feel like s.o is distancing herself.
My gf (29f) is mad at me (31m) dating for 8 months, for forgetting an important event for her today
UPDATE: Me 20 M, cannot stop thinking about the 18 F lady in my unfinished love story after 3 months. What do I do?
Should I break contact? Should I close this chapter completely?
Very frustrated with husband.
I jerked off to my ex nudes.
Can't stop thinking about the lady in my unfinished love story
My boyfriend (30M) frequently snaps at me (28F) when something unrelated goes wrong.
Did the right thing but have conflicting thoughts
Double standard? Am I being sensitive? Need advice
How should I feel about this
Entering a relationship when you are middle aged
Can’t get over partner’s non-affair
My (23M) best friend (23M) went on a homophobic rant last night. Not sure what to do.
My (23M) best friend (22M) went on a homophobic tirade at a party last night. Not sure how to address it.
I'm (28F) awkward and so is he (28M)...help!
I(f23) feel like I’m spending too much time with my boyfriend(m25) and it’s not enough.
My friend [30F] and I [29F] got into an argument over what rules to respect for covid 19
My [25/m] ex gf [23/f] of 5 years still blames me?
30F Former colleague and friend harassing me and need help setting boundaries
I need some help! (19M)
Am I (28F) overreacting when my husband (25M) spends a lot of time on social media?
For those who missed the chance to tell "The one who got away" your true feelings..
For those who missed the chance to tell "The one who got away" your true feelings..
Help I still have feelings for my best Friends after so many years
Help I really like my best friend and IDK how to solve this
i don’t know how to manage my boyfriends BPD
Talks of divorce b/c I don’t want sex
My (23m) brother (30m) demands that I shave my face
How can I (33F) gently tell a guy (36M) that I’m no longer interested, because of his social media activity.
I[25m] confronted my girlfriend[28f] about her past, turns out she slept with over 20 times the amount of men she originally said (she lost count at 21)
This is eating me up inside...
Am I (28F) overreacting when my husband (24M) spends a lot of time on social media?
I’m [21F] Bisexual And I Feel Like My New Friend [23F] Is Teasing Me/Using Me For Sexual Validation
This is eating me up inside...
I’m [21F] Bisexual And I Feel Like My Straight Friend [23F] Teases Me/Uses Me For Sexual Validation
My partner is showing some toxic behavior, how do I put it so he stops missing the point?
I seek guidance
Always scared of pregnancies...
Talks of divorce b/c I don’t want sex
My (19F) SO (22M) thinks I am trying to manipulate/control him
My (23m) brother (30m) is mad at me for growing a beard.
I don’t effing get it!
He missed the point.
This pandemic has my relationship in flames...
I (30F) don't want a second child and my husband (30M) does
I'm (28F) awkward and so is he (28M)...help!
My new boyfriend’s [28M] ex girlfriend is a professional model and I’m [30F] suddenly feeling super insecure.
My (26f) cousin(23f)’s friend (20sF) committed suicide last night. One of her last texts was casually reaching out to my cousin. How to help?
My (23f) fiancé (26m) keeps lying to me
Partner stopped sex pretty early into starting it, don’t know what to think of it
Guilt of ending a friendship, how do you guys do it?
My husband (25m) is making me (23f) uncomfortable.
My (23f) fiancé (26m) has a habit of hiding things from me
How do I (M23) politely and kindly tell my friend (M23) to stop talking so much?
How do I (M23) politely and kindly tell my friend (M23) to stop talking so much?
My (23M) brother (30m) is mad at me for growing a beard.
My best friend stopped talking to me without explanation
Does she not like me any more (friends zoned ) or am I just paranoid?
I made out with my best friend, now we don't talk
My (22f) mom (46f) is si sensitive and cries a lot over small things.
Should I (19F) check out of my relationship with my sister (25F)?
Should I dump my boyfriend after 3 years of 0 sex?
I'm trying to understand guys' mentality here... help me get to the bottom of this tweet
I[F31] don't feel desired by my partner[M33]
Is it time I (19F) ‘checkout’ of my relationship with my sister (25F)?
I found out that my bf's friend (mid-20sM) cheated on his girlfriend (mid-20sF) with one of my friends
My(27F) boyfriend (30M) refuses to work and I think I want to break up.
I jerked off to ex nudes.
Should I stay(28F) or should I go ft. (25M)
I jerked off to ex nudes.
Advice for 19F first relationship?
I’m [19f] interested in this guy[21m] I work with, I thought he was interested in me but it seems like we only talk about work! How do I steer the conversation to something else, or is he just not interested?
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) told me last night that he’s “not really into sex”
GF(F20) doesn't know whether she loves me (20M) anymore.
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) told me last night that he’s “not really into sex”
Amazing YouTube channel for dating/relationship advice
Amazing relationship advice YouTube channel (not mines)
My [F18] close friend [F18] stopped talking to me and I don't know what to do
My (m18) girlfriend (f18) broke up with me over text on my birthday, how do you cope with this?
My (24f) boyfriend (25m) of 4 years has been depressed for days. Only not miserable when he’s drunk. Starting to take a toll on me.
My boyfriend and I have had 0 sex for about 3 year's...
How to deal with someone who's an absolute workaholic?
Unsure about friendship
My [20F] Friend [20F] broke up with her boyfriend [20M] because she thought he cheated, she found it he didn’t and she won’t stop crying
GF(F20) doesn't know whether she loves me (20M) anymore.
How to deal with somebody whose work is their absolute priority?
How do you "connect"?
How do you "connect"?
How do you "connect"?
I got w/ my friend with benefits a day ago and I want to break up with him already.
My mom (57F) is severely depressed and I (26F) do not know what to do
Me [F18] and my friend [F18] were gonna move in together and now she won't even talk to me
M(28) seeking any advice on my F(23) GF.
I (34f) need to break up with my abusive bf (34m) who is homeless
WIBTA for leaving my boyfriend after 3 years of 0 sex?
Husbands (27) not into me (24)
I [19/M] and one of my friends [16/F] may be legit in love with each other and I don't know how to proceed.
My (m18) girlfriend (f18) of 3 and a half years broke up with me via text on my birthday, how do I cope?
Husband doesn't like me anymore
I (F17) think that my friend (F17) is insecure, and fakes a lot of her "diagnoses". I don't want to villanize her, but at the same time, I can't think of a scenario in where I could confront her about it without her getting upset at me. What should I do?
My girlfriend (33) treats me (32) more like a lodger or a relative than her boyfriend and it's really getting to me. What should I do?
Apparently I am "Immature" and "Stupid"
[24F] suicidal after break up from [23 M] left me.
Suicidal after breakup.
I don't feel my GF (33) really acts towards me (32) in a way that a couple should act. And I just can't wrap my head around it. Any opinions would be great.
I was wondering if me and my boyfriend Should continue dating. Or if I'm just being overly sensitive.
I thought I was gonna die a virgin, I won't now!
Am I being overly sensitive?
Who is the asshole? COVID has made my relationship unbearable
BEING NEEDY
Me [21M] with my girlfriend [23F] of 2 years, wanting to move out together but not sure if I should
my boyfriend has BPD and it’s a struggle for me
Ex can't get over our past relationship and is now unsure
My (ex?) boyfriend (19m) was a virgin and I (19f) was not. He'd rather see us destroyed than accept this.
My(22F) mother(56?) and sister (18) are very difficult people
I [24F] am falling for a guy [24] I'm dating and I'm not sure if he's losing interest or if my mind is playing tricks
Me [21M] with my girlfriend [23F] of 2 years, wanting to move out together but not sure if I should
Mental abuse v's just a fight?
My[21m] girlfriend[22f] wants to break up with me beacuse of my lack of respect for her
My[21m] girlfriend[22f] wants to break up over my lack of respect for her
I think I [23F] am in love with my best friend from high school [23M]
i need help. think im losing my mind thinking about it
I didn't show her my feelings for her enough and now I'm friendzoned. How can I get her back?
My [28M] boyfriend [27M] refuses to contribute in seemingly anyway.
My[28 M] boyfriend [27 M] refuses to contribute.
I'm (22M) not interested in hearing my boyfriend (23M)'s opinions?
Why do people feel the need to report everything they see of you in real life, or on social media, to your ex?
Two sons from Two failed relationships at 25
My fiancé doesn’t want to take my last name as she says it’s too Muslim.
I have two children from two failed relationships
I (23f) need help reconciling with neighbor (?m)
I don’t love my boyfriend anymore, and don’t think I ever have
I (29f) got dumped. Any guys want to talk?
I (29f) got dumped. Entertain me, peasants!
My (23f) neighbor (?M) and I are at odds and I need help reconciling with him
I (29f) just got dumped by my ex and with the quarantine, I am stuck at home doing nothing but remembering what happened.
I [20F] had emotional stress and now i feel apathy to my bf [21M].
I (27) haven’t spoke to my ex-gf (28) in 5 months. Should I text her?
Help me (31m) help my friends (31f and 34f) with gaslighting BFs
I[F20] got ghosted by someone I was dating[M21] for 3 weeks and I assumed it was over. Was it right for me to make that assumption?
A Rap by a Uber driver Healed her Broken Heart
Am I [28F] being love-bombed or is my new boyfriend [33M] genuinely falling for me?
My (18F) boyfriend (20M) thinks I am cheating, and has reasonable grounds to believe so, but he is still wrong
(M20) Girl am into is (25F) Has 2 kids advice
My (29) GF (25) has extreme mood swings. I don't know how to handle it.
How do you accept a partner moving on from you emotionally?
Me (31m) dealing with friends (34f And 31f) in bad relationships
Is my perception distorted or is my girlfriend moving on?
my relationship
My bf (20) accuses me of cheating on reasonable grounds, but is still wrong, how can I make him believe me?
My [25f] girlfriend [23F] is pressuring me to get therapy.
My (20f) boyfriend (24m) is constantly on his phone or playing video games when we're together.
(Ugh) 1YR F20 M21
I got w/ my friends with benefits a day ago and I want to break upset with
Love my (38M) child, can't stand my wife (38F)
My boyfriends (40m) sister (45f) wants me (31f) to come work with her, but I have no desire to mix work with my personal life.
Lovd my (38M) child, can't stand my wife (38F)
Love my child, can't stand my wife
Saw something i didn’t want to see on my boyfriends reddit account comments
Why am I missing a relationship that happened so long ago?
I made out with my best friend and now we don't talk.
I got with my friend w/ benefits a day and I want to break up.
Quarantined and enjoying it
UPDATE : My (25M) GF (22F) is unsupportive emotionally and financially : she now is trying.
today is my birthday
I think he does not like me anymore
I [36M] want to plan a super romantic 'holiday at home' for my partner this weekend [35F] and would love some ideas!
Saw something i didn’t want to see on his reddit comments
Didnt know where else to post this
I am working from home today and my BF may have potentially gotten me in trouble at work (26F & 28M)
I hate my friend's boyfriend and I don't know how to approach it
True love with lover or mistress?
I think my boyfriend doesnt like me anymore
Why am I so attracted to gay men?
New Redditor and new member in r/relationships
Why am I attracted to gay men?
I never got to tell her how I felt.
How do I (19M) attempt to start a conversation with the friend (18F) of an ex-girlfriend?
I keep falling for gay men.
I keep falling for gay men.
Living with friend and dogs
TWO friends left me (F23, 6yrs) on read (M24, 6yrs) (F23) after I told them my Nan died. Am I allowed to be mad at them?
Help with a hypothetical situation (Long Post)
My 10 Months Relationship were ended by my girlfriend cause she wants to save the relationship by being friends again
How do I (19M) attempt to start a romantic relationship with my now ex-girlfriend's friend (18F)
I feel like my friendship has been rotting for years. Should I snap it off or let it naturally rot off?
Boyfriend stays in touch with girl who likes him
I don’t love my boyfriend anymore and I don’t know how to let him down easily.
Trouble making out with my gf
Men of redit, I have a question for you!
Am I [26F] being overly suspicious about my previous fwb's [29M] intentions? *NSFW*
Afraid to fall in love
I need some help with my ex! (19M)
Am I (27F) wrong? I let my (22M) boyfriend to have a sub and now he's putting her feelings over mine
I love her, but I can't be what she needs.
My (M23) girlfriend (MTF22) is extremely rude to me.
Should I [21 M] feel guilty since I'm jealous that two of my best friends [21 M] are now closer than I am to them?
Am I being played? (Sugar relationships only)
I (F 24) feel like I met "the one" too early in my life. Anyone else feel that way?
Am I being payed? (For sugar relationships only)
Making out with my girlfriend is different...
My insecurities are killing my relationship between me [22M] and my [20F] girlfriend
Should I [21 M] feel guilty since I'm jealous that two of my best friends [21 M] are now closer than I am to them?
I [16M] feel like I'm not special to my girlfriend[16F] compared to other people.
Boyfriend losing interest, how do I win him back?
My [25M] girlfriend [20F] has serious communication issues. Shuts down under pressure.
My insecurities are destroying a beautiful relationship (Please advice!)
Afraid to fall in love
Did I do the right thing? (Brutal honesty)
Should I [21 M] feel guilty since I'm jealous that two of my best friends [21 M] are now closer than I am to them?
Seem to be having a problem making out with new girlfriend
My (26F) best friend (27F) hasn’t reached out to me once during isolation and I feel so lonely. Am I overreacting if I’m hurt by it?
Should I feel guilty for some of my friends being closer than I am to them?
How do I[23F] find help for my ex[29M]
What do you do when you have a crush on someone but you’re in a committed relationship?
Help! (19M)
I need advice on what to do
I (20F) found out my best friend (21M) sexually harassed our mutual friend (21F) and I don’t know how to act.
My (26F) best friend (27F) hasn’t reached out to me once during isolation and I feel so lonely. Am I overreacting if I’m hurt by it?
My best friend hasn’t reached out to me once during isolation and I feel so lonely. Am I overreacting if I’m hurt by it?
I (27F) get extremely anxious around my wonderful boyfriend of two years and I don’t know why
My brother (23M) used to bully me (19M) for being autistic and now he wants to apologize but I don't want to accept it.
I (20F) found out my best friend (21M) sexually harassed our mutual friend (21F) and I don’t know how to act.
I (24M) want to ask a girl (22F) I'm seeing to be my girlfriend
Penis problem
Sorry I snooped
Help! I (19M) she is (19F)
How do I [21f] help my gf [22f] lose weight
I (19F) need advice on how to handle being fatter than my boyfriend(24M)’s exs.
Is it a bad idea to stay in a relationship when I (22F) do not know if I want a child with my boyfriend (25M)?
Friend for 5 years (F|22) and I (M|23) got into an argument because I was a douche and she won’t forgive more nor talk to me. But, she still comes to my apartment to take care of me when I’m sick. I don’t understand why, and how to make her forgive me.
Penis problem
My bf’s exs are thin and I am fat
Living with your best friend and dogs
Help
Some bitch
How do I [21f] help my gf [22f] lose weight
What would you do
Need advice on how to handle a breakup after 2 and a half years
My gf [26F] invited me [21F] to go on a vacation she was supposed to go on with her ex gf.
So what do you guys do
My [23 F] boyfriend [30M] spent so much money and time on his game Be the King. He never listen to me, should I wait for him to realize what he’s missing, or should I leave him for good?
Gf of 2 and half years wants a long break...
My family, especially my younger brother, are really struggling in this hard time and I don't know what to do.
I (27 y/o F) am constantly anxious around my wonderful boyfriend of two years
Partner stopped sex pretty early into it
My [23 F] boyfriend [30M] spent so much money and time on his game Be the King.
My [27F] roommate [28F] practically gives me the silent treatment and I’m running out of patience.
I [M23] neglected to tell my GF [F25] that I hung out with a girl and it’s made drama between us
Concerned about the future of my relationship
I (25/f) got in a new relationship but I’m still in contact with my exbf (30/m). My ex wants to get back together and confessed he still loves me. I do have love for him, but I don’t see us as compatible, despite our previous efforts trying to make it work. Do I tell him I’m dating someone new?
I [M23] neglected to tell my GF [F25] that I hung out with a girl and it’s made drama between us
Me 30/F with my mom 66/F - she is not pleasant to be around and we live together
I dont trust
i think my relationship might be toxic?? i think i might be the toxic aspect of it
Threesome with fiancés ex girlfriend
Moving away for grad school
Confusing thoughts regarding the future of my relationship
I'm jealous of my roommate and don't know how to stop it
I [23F] don't know how to talk to someone [M34] I'm interested in through the quarantine.
I’m so jealous of my roommate and I don’t know how to make it stop
My Gf Asked Me to Make Her A Resume AND Fill Out Job Applications for Her While She Does Nothing. Was I Wrong to Say No?
PLEASE tell me (28F) why I should stay with him (33M): 3 years of no intimacy and infidelity
My friend always have something bad to say
Im moving across the country for school and dont know if to continue the relationship or not
My bf (20) keeps grinding down my (20) personality
To celebrate our first anniversary, my husband and I thought it would be fun to spend sixty straight days together in our home. HELP
PLEASE tell me (28F) why I should stay with him (33M): 3 years of no intimacy and infidelity
I feel like I emotionally drain my girlfriend.
Is it wrong for me [24F] to make a move on my step dad’s nephew [18M] who I have a crush on?
Moving
Husband won't work even though we're struggling
Husband doesn't want to work even though we're struggling
How to stop feeling replaceable after a breakup
My [25F] boss [26M] is SUPER nice and I'm not sure what it means something or nothing
I think I may be the toxic one.
A gift that’s no longer dedicated to your ex
Am I [28F] being love-bombed or is my new boyfriend [33M] genuinely falling for me?
Does he (23) like me (21F) as more than a friend?
I (33F) Love him (34M), but not in love. Or not feeling “in love.” How do I fix it?
Input needed please with closure situation or if anyone is able to chat ?
I (28M) just need to vent about my girlfriend (24F)... long and potentially triggering
I [24F] slapped my husband’s [26M] shoulder today during an argument
Called Cute and texted Awww too often in relationship of 4 years between myself (25M) and GF (24F)
Constantly depressed
My bf (20) keeps grinding down my (20) personality
“Escaping” from my indifferent partner during the quarantine.
Constantly depressed
Called cute and aww in texts
Super Cliche: Does anyone else wonder how they ended up in such a great relationship??
My (29F) SIL (17F) is being abused, my other SIL (15F) is downplaying it.
I [25f] have relapsed and started using more progressively since dating my [43m] boyfriend.
How can I (18F) not take things so personally?
Super Cliche: Does anyone else wonder how they ended up in such a great relationship??
I (M19) am struggling in my relationship w/ Girlfriend (F18) With Shelter-In-Place Distancing.
My ex [19M] posted a picture with me [19] and now my girlfriend [18F] is pissed off
I feel like my boyfriend isn’t as sexually attracted to me as I am to him.
What would you do? Help me out please.
Trio of friends question!
What would you do? Help me out please.
Sleep
What would you do? Help me out.
I [18m] like a girl [19m] that likes other guy
Fiancé just now told me she had a miscarriage 3 years ago (year after we started dating). Don’t know what to think...thoughts?
How did you know you found the one?
I'm (20F) starting to hate Asian women and myself because my fiancé (22M) has an Asian fetish
getting over trust issues
How did you know you found the one?
Boyfriend Says I Am Being Shady, I Disagree
I [22F] feel like I'm emotionally cheating on my boyfriend [30M]. Any advice?
My BF(28M) mom gonna breakdown if we move out Help (26F)
My (19M) boyfriend (20M) broke up with me and now we're stuck together in quarantine
HELP I (31 f)could really use someone to talk me out of checking his(29m) phone
What does it means when a guy says ..... After you tell home you like him ?
HELP I (31 f)could really use someone to talk me out of checking his(29m) phone
Working out communication with a girl from college, struggling with the amount of lies told about us, help
I [18m] like a girl [19f] who likes other guy
What should I do in this situation ? Need help on social skills
Fiancé just told me she had a miscarriage 3 years ago after all this time. Don’t know what to think?
I [M/19] can't decide between two relationships, both long distance right now.
[M/19] Deciding between two girlfriends, both long distance.
My (23M) ex (22F) is getting treatment for her mental health. Deep down I know I want to try again, but am I looking for hope where there is none?
Asking my Bf siblings to help their own mom?
My [18M] gf [18F] has major self confidence issues and tells me she is considering relapsing on an eating disorder. Is there anything I can do to help?
I [18M] like a girl [19F] that likes other guy
My gf has very bad confidence issues, what can I do to try to help her be more comfortable in her body?
20M parents don’t support my decision to transfer to my college of choice
Girlfriend (25f) constantly fights with me(27m). I feel myself withdrawing
Divorce in the time of covid-19?
Is it still creepy ?
ADVICE How do I know if I (20f) actually have a crush on my friend (19m), or am just in love with the attention from him (potentially) liking me?
I need help, I can’t control myself
Need Some Guidance: Feeling Hopeless About Relationships/Dating
Me [25M] at the end of my rope with my gf [21F] after 6 years of off and on dating
My (19f) long distance boyfriend (22m) doesn't support me emotionally
I need help, I can’t control myself:(
I like a girl who likes other
My (19f) long distance boyfriend (22m) doesn't emotionally support me
Ex was diagnosed with BPD. Am I looking for hope when there is none?
Bff
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text=Be sure to explain in detail with line breaks. --- **tl;dr**: Mandatory summary/question!
Girlfriend (24)
My (24) wife (23) does find me sexually attractive, what do I do??
Condom question
My (26f) boyfriend (22m) didn't tell me he made out with one of his closest friends.
Am I a (relational) Narcissist?
I (23F) want to break up with my BF (23M) of 8 months. How do I do it?
My (27F) boyfriend (24M) finally admitted that a while ago when he was CONSTANTLY losing his erections for over a year, a part of it was the fact that he kept watching big tits in porn, hence he wasn't aroused enough with my small tits. I dont know how to move on from this.
Am I a (relational) Narcissist?
My friend [24M] who is in a relationship always checks up on me [23F], but we still have past feelings for each other. Should I cut him off?
Trust issues
I (24F) have a hard time trusting my boyfriend (24M).
Advice on breaking up with my boyfriend
Military boyfriend (20) going to training for special forces is leaving for Germany and also leaving me (23) F.
test
My (24M) brother/roommate (23M) is VERY loud when he chews. How do I bring this up?
when to break up?
I (21) have crush on my classmate but I don't know if he (21) is gay.
I [F 21] have caught feelings for [M 30] in a casual relationship. What do I do now?
Woman on here🥺 i’m 18 and never had a girlfriend, i never tried but i also never had a girl try😔 i have to much anxiety to go up to someone wat should i do??
Have I messed up the best 5 years of my life?
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) is seemingly homophobic due to his upbringing and I’m not sure how to deal with it.
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) is seemingly homophobic due to his upbringing and I’m not sure how to deal with it.
Me [18 M] with my friend[19 F] of 2 months, may have gone back to her abusive boyfriend.
Is it wrong to be frustrated my (21f) friend (21m) doesn’t answer texts?
Me [21M] with my girlfriend [23F] of 2 years, wanting to move out together but not sure if I should
I [20M] broke up with my [19] girlfriend and she wants to fix it however she slept with her flat mate
Is it possible I (22M) have fallen out of love with my girlfriend (20F)?
Relationship
I Feel Like I'm Going Crazy With My Partner of 5 Years - Quarantine Madness
I [20M] broke up with my [19] girlfriend and she wants to fix it however she slept with her flat mate
10 Reasons Why Nice Guys Don't Get Relationships Right (and what to do about it)
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) gives me minor jaw pain during oral. I’m curious about breast sex alternatives to please him.
Did I mess up 5 year relationship....
Is it possible I (22M) have fallen out of love with my girlfriend (20F)?
I’m [19M] falling for my friend [20F]who has bf what should I do? I need advice pls
I (30f) am dealing with heartbreak all over again as my high school ex (30m) ignored my attempts to reconnect
I (18F) feel like I’m just a chore
I (18F) feel a little desperate
Relationship Anxiety
Can’t get over partner’s non-affair
My girlfriend cheated on me and I forgave her at my lowest point in life.
Boyfriend forces me to workout a lot
My mom (57F) is severely depressed and I (26F) don't know what to do
I’m (30f) heartbroken all over again as my high school ex (30m) ignored my attempts to reconnect
I used to be such a confident woman but now I just let everyone run over me and I want change.
Not being welcomed at home after a long journey.
Boyfriend's hair stylist going over to his place during pandemic
Corona induced relationship anxiety.
Boyfriend is constantly forcing me to work out and change myself
Why do so many single moms give their baby their fathers last name ?
Boyfriend's hair stylist going over to his place during pandemic
I (16F) have forgiven my bf (17M) for everything he has done. He cheated on me on my birthday, and I forgave him again.
I (16F) have forgiven my boyfriend (17M) every time he’s done something wrong. He cheated on me on my birthday, I found out tonight.
Girlfriend [19F] taking naked pics, but doesn’t send them? [20M]
I [22F] accidentally found out my boyfriend [21M] lied about dumping his ex [20F] -- she actually dumped him. Found this out after I told him to cut contact.
My boyfriend [M/21] says he pays more in rent than I do [25/F] so he gets to make the decisions
My(20F) boyfriend(21M) wants to see me during the lock down and Im not sure what to do
Girlfriend taking naked pics?
I [31m] was just called mentally I'll by my wife [30f] because of my political views
How can I make my girlfriend truste me again?
My GF [21] of two years broke up with me [22] and won't tell me why
My boyfriend [21/M] says he is in charge of our house because he pays more than me [25/F] in rent
I [22M] think my girlfriend [21F] might be too emotionally and financially dependent on her parents.
When does a guy fall in love/say “I love you”?
Are my actions following my first heartbreak justified?
He told me he misses me
My GF [21] of two years broke up with me [22] and won't tell me why
This isn’t a post asking for advice, it’s to let others know there can still be hope in relationships that might be broken.
I Love My Job More Than My Toxic Relationship
I Love My Job More Than My Toxic Relationship
I(21) Met a girl(18) on Tinder, she has a bf and just looks for friends. But feels like she is intrested in more?
The hell with it already!
My girlfriend[19] and I[19M] just broke up after 5.5 years
Should I (24) be worried about my niece (10F) and her internet habits?
I [18M] want to live a private and secluded life away from my family once I am able to move out. How can I?
Just broke up with my girlfriend of 5.5 years
My(23F) ldr bf(24M) of 3 years said he is not happy in the relationship
Venting, any opinions/advice accepted
Is it toxic/manipulative to message my girlfriend telling her that I don’t ever want her to leave me?
My super-sexual girlfriend-ish roommate rarely gets intimate with me!
Venting and opinions/advice?
I’m happy but bf says I’m driving him a little crazy while stuck together for Covid
Husband (35) wife(34)
Am I M(42) In love with F(23) or not?
I am (21M) confused, she (21F) ask me for time
My (17f) sister (28f) wants to throw her wedding in Norway. I told her she is being ridiculous and now she is upset at me. Did I do anything wrong?
Is it wrong to like a girl (16F) that I’ve (16M) liked for years when I’m in a good relationship with my current GF (16F)
I don't respect my SO
Ex texts me out of nowhere that he ran into my family??
How can you tell when it's love vs. a hookup?
Ex texts me out of nowhere about him running into my family??
Am I(22f) wrong to be uncomfortable that the guy(21m) I’ve been talking to is going to hang out with some girl he has history with
PLEASE HELP- Do I (20F) forgive my boyfriend (21M) for lying?
I don’t respect my SO
I (24M) ended my 3 year relationship with my girlfriend (23F)
My (24f) boyfriend (m25) of 4 years is depressed about a lot of things. I feel selfish but I’m feeling so drained in quarantine with him. I don’t know how to help.
How should I help my girlfriend with feelings of regret after our abortion
Am I(22f) wrong to be uncomfortable that the guy (21m) I’m talking to is going to the beach with some girl he has history with
How do I help my girlfriend with her feelings about an abortion
My friend (23F) wants to propose to her (26M) boyfriend of a couple years. She asked me (23F) to help her plan it.
Me (21f) and my boyfriend (26m) broke up now I have to live in my car.... any advice?
Me (21f) and my boyfriend (26f) broke up and now I have to live in my car.... any advice?
I am (21M) confused, she (21F) ask me for time.
Me [21M] with my girlfriend [23F] of 2 years, wanting to move out together but not sure if I should
I think I messed up
I (16M) still have a crush on a girl I’ve liked since 7th grade, but I’m in a relationship with my girlfriend (16F) who I really really love
I Just Broke Up With My Extremely Toxic Alcoholic Girlfriend
My boyfriend (22M) lied to me (21F) about his weed usage.
I [M17] don't know if my mom [57] is narcissistic and how can we build a relationship again?
My (17F) boyfriend (18M) won't take any of my show suggestions and I don't know how to feel
Was I wrong in how I handled this break up?
I am confused (21M), my gf (21F) ask me for time
Was I wrong in how I handled this break up?
My (17F) boyfriend (18M) won't take any of my show suggestions and I don't know how to feel
I am (23M) bothered of the past between my fboy friend (22M) and my girlfriend (22F).
My gf is reading and ignoring my msgs, we've been together for 3 months now, shes 21 I'm 20.
My family and people in general won't stop bugging me [26F] about being single and how sad it must be for me
My boyfriend is embarrassed of my love for him??
[21 M] American women of Reddit...
My boyfriend says he gets to make the decisions about our house because he pays more in rent
[21 M] If you’re American and funny, let’s get married.
My girlfriend (F20) broke up/ needed a break from me (M19), saying how we needed time to “work on loving ourselves”. Does anyone have any positive instances where getting/ receiving space worked out?
[21 M] American women of Reddit...
Fiancé (m 24) is attacking my (f 28) weed & wine addiction thru pandemic
American women of Reddit...
A pride dilemma. (23M)
My [28F] boyfriend [35M] lied about having a work project as an excuse to spend 80% of the day alone in his office. Is this a dealbreaker?
I (19F) went thru my boyfriends (23M) cell phone messages
People who cheat....why?
My [23F] brother [21M] has severe anger issues and nobody will do anything about it
Advice to stop my (26M) abusive behavior towards my partner? (26F)
*IN NEED OF ADVICE*
Advice to stop my (26M) abusive behavior towards my partner? (26F)
Wife flirts with guys whenever we go days without sex.
Managing relationship with two time management skills
My boyfriend (M18) is starting to talk about spending his life with me, but I don't see him as husband material.
Advice to help me stop my (26M) abusive behavior towards my partner (26F)
A close friend stopped talking to me entirely
Advice to stop my (26M) abusive behavior towards my partner (26F)
i really like this girl so should i try to date her or just leave it be? will it be better if i show that i really like her by fighting for her?
*IN NEED OF ADVICE*
I [20M] feel like i've just lost any chance of gaining my girlfriend's [20F] already fragile trust.
i really like this girl so should i try to date her or just leave it be? will it be better if i show that i really like her by fighting for her?
Parents poured all their money into me(F18), now I’m going to fail my first year at uni
Boyfriend (22M) who I barley see anymore refuses to self isolate with me (19F)
I want to ask my BF of 2years to marry me
I [20M] feel like i've just lost any chance of gaining my girlfriend's [20F] already fragile trust.
My fiance (M22)calls me a bitch behind my back(F21)
Am I being unreasonable for being angry at my boyfriend for not self isolating with me?
Advice
My fiance calls me a bitch behind my back
I (M17) think I'm being abused by Dad (M40)
My boyfriend is embarrassed of my love for him??
My [22F] boyfriend [20M] feels lonely and I don't know how to help
My (22F) boyfriend (23M) told me he “doesn’t know” if he sees us getting married.
I’m too dumb to understand women :(
In the middle of an argument need help
My girlfriend (20F) asked me (19M) for space for us to “work on our love for ourselves”, for anyone with similar circumstances, do you have a positive story about you two getting back together?
I’m dumb when it comes to females.
Is there any guy who just posts normal pictures, like selfies of himself on reddit? Gosh
Me (18M) and my GF (18F) don't talk as much as I'd like
Foreplay, soreness and a female perspective needed.
Me (18M) and my gf (18) don't speak as much as I'd like
Is it wrong to go thru ur partner phone ?
I (28m) keep buying stuff for my ex (25f)
UPDATE: ("Boyfriend (20M) has anger issues and has involved our roommates. Should I (20M) continue to live with him?") How do I go about breaking up with my boyfriend?
Bought something for my ex.
I told my mum I broke up with my boyfriend and now am fucked
Trying to reconnect with old guy best friend but his wife won’t let me
Feel good stories
How do I (22f) finally get over him (22M) after getting close to his friends?
Why would people (100F) prefer to carry out radical Islamic terror attacked than remain single the rest of their lives (100M)?
How do I (22F) finally move on from him (22M) after growing closer to his friends?
Am I wrong for calling out my boyfriends lie after 4 years?
Bf (21M) choosing friends over me (19F) to play video games with?
I want to reconnect with my old best friend but his wife won’t let me
My (28m) girlfriend (27f) is upset that I won't agree to see her during COVID-19 lock down.
Did I make a mistake breaking up with my ex?
Not unhappy but not happy... what now?
My Dude is being Dodgey
I [26M] am still hung up over my ex
I [26M] am still hung up over my ex
Just need a little gas money
I miss my X? WHY
I (18M) have no clue what is going on with that girl(18F) I met on reddit.
Semi-Broken Relationship with Parent (47F) and I (16F), Involves her BF (38M)
I miss my ex. WHY?
My (20f) boyfriend (24m) lives abroad and I don't know when I'll see him again
I miss my x? WHY
I [26M] am still hung up on my ex
Bf choosing to play with friends rather than me?
I’m [26M] still hung up over my ex
My (21f) boyfriend (26m) thinks I'm making a stupid decision pursuing my dogs (9m) treatment.
Is it manipulative to ask by SO to prioritize sex w/me over porn?
I (F18) have trust issues from previous relationships that are affecting my ability to trust my current bf (M21)
Still hung up over my ex
I (22f) just ruined something with him (20m) and unsure if it’s from my increased anxiety in quarantine
My [21f] boyfriend [25m] of 2 years can’t go on a date without running an errand too
Girl I'm dating wants to call every day
The man (25M) I was dating (24F) appears to have been in a relationship with someone else (24F) for part of the time we dated (which I was unaware of). Advice?
i (18f) want to surprise my long distance bf (19m) how do i ask the parents?
I'm (24 F) sick of living with my boyfriend's (29 M) roommate.
Is it manipulative to ask my SO to choose sex w/me over porn?
i (18f) want to surprise my long distance bf (19m) how do i ask the parents without sounding rude
My (M17) ex (F17) had been messaging me from new accounts saying she misses me, I texted her back after her 5th try or so saying “I don’t need your love anymore” and than blocked her and now my gf (F17) is mad at me
HELP !! Close to dating a girl but then she says she needs space and removes me from social media
i (18f) want to surprise my long distance bf (19m) when corona is over how do i ask the parents
Nearly started dating a girl but then she says she needs space and removes me from social media
Help I [21 F] should I text my ex [23M] first after we have been talking for weeks
I am contemplating breaking up with my boyfriend due to frustrating behaviour
My (M17) ex (F17) had been messaging me from new accounts saying she misses me, I texted her back after her 5th try or so saying “I don’t need your love anymore” and than blocked her and now my gf (F17) is mad at me
GF (F 20) and I (M 28) mutually split, but I don't want to let her go.
My boyfriend is friend with two suspictious girls
MTV Casting - Pandemic dating!
Picking at my personality
Husband is only concerned about himself during this pandemic
Time machine
Worth it or not?
Am I (31F) expecting too much from my husband (34M) in our relationship of being married for 5 years
My husband is only caring about himself during this pandemic
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my pants [F/21]?
Time machine
I [23F] feel like I've been used by pretty much every friend I've had
Unsure on moving forward with live-in girlfriend and kids
I’m (F22) hes (M39) and I’m having an affair with my boss
My GF and I split, mutually, but I am not ready to give up
I (21/f) really do like my SO (23/F) when we are together alone, but around others - I am not so sure.
Am I (31F) expecting too much from my husband (34M) in our relationship having been married for 5 years
I (M25) feel too inexperienced compared to my boyfriend (M27)
I(15M) feel like I ruined my family by adopting me.
Affair with the boss
What to with an abusive girlfriend? She was constantly energy draining me but then called our relationship unhealthy
My girlfriend and I split, mutually, but I don't want to give up.
My [20F] girlfriend [19F] broke up with me due to mental illness.
I (M25) feel too inexperienced compared to my boyfriend (M27)
Breaking up with my live-in boyfriend of 5 years
The man (25M) I was dating (24F) appears to have been in a relationship with someone else (24F) for part of the time we dated (which I was unaware of). Advice?
Am I expecting too much?!
My (21M) boyfriend (27M) thinks I'm cheating and now there is a lot of tension between us
What to do with an abusive girlfriend?
My [20F] girlfriend [19F] broke up with me because of mental illness.
How many break ups...
I (20m) feel like quarantine is breaking my gf (22f) and I apart
How many breakups...
Why is he(M26) ignoring me(F25) after I broke up with him?
I [M/28] am struggling with feelings of inadequacy in my relationship
My (27M) girlfriend (24F) is going through depression, and I'm not sure if there are signs the relationship should end
Why is he(M26) ignoring me (F25) after I broke up with him?
Struggling to feel like I am enough
Have you ever left a comfortable relationship to explore yourself?
Have you ever left a comfortable relationship to explore yourself?
Advice about this girl I’ve been talking to for a month.
Well, that may have just happened...
Well, not sure what's going on here but...
[37M] met a [24F] through hookup app, now considering difficult relationship
How do I deal with distance w/ my best friend of 8yrs?
My friend [21M] cheated and I [20M] hate cheaters
BF (M24) never wants to come with me to see my (F22)
Get to know me....
This May Not Belong Here But...
I need some insight
Should I (24F) know if he (32M) is the one after 6 months?
Can you suppress and let go of your feelings for someone in this way? We (F21) and (M22) have liked each other but I am the ex of his friend, which makes the situation complicated.
My friend [21M] cheated and I [20M] hate cheaters
Can you suppress and let go of your feelings for someone in this way? We (F21) and (M22) have liked each other but I am the ex of his friend, which makes the situation complicated.
Can you suppress and let go of your feelings for someone in this way? We (F21) and (M22) have liked each other but I am the ex of his friend, which makes the situation complicated.
How do I deal with distance w/ my best friend of 8yrs?
I (18f) and my boyfriend (19M) didn't have sex for over 3 months
My friend cheated and I don't like cheaters
UPDATE: My (18F) roommate (19F) keeps flirting with me in Animal Crossing and I don't know how to feel
My (23m) girlfriend(20f) just found out that her childhood best friend/cousin(21m) is in love with her. What should I do?
Am I doing the right thing?
My (23m) girlfriend(20f) just found out that her childhood best friend/cousin(21m) is in love with her. What should I do?
My girlfriend just found out that her childhood best friend/cousin is in love with her. What should I do?
Am I being selfish? Please give me a better understanding or point of view
cheater got caught
I am(22M) losing Trust in my (21F) GF..
Can you suppress and process your feelings for someone? Or feelings in general?
I feel ugly and low self esteem since being with Boyfriend
MEDIUM DISTANCE?
Ok...I’ve decided I need to break it off
How has working from home affected your opinion of your Stay-At-Home partner?
My (30) family (50s) isn't taking distancing seriously and they are going to kill my Grandma (84)
Girlfriend of 1.5 years (17F) thinks porn is cheating and now I (17M) Feel extremely guilty
My girlfriend of 1.5 years thinks porn is cheating and i feel very guilty
How has working from home made you see your stay-at-home partner differently?
I have a low sex drive
My[32F] husband [33M] refuses to social distance while golfing.
My fiance (23f) told me(27m) she doesn't care if we're compatible.
I (27M) broke things off with my gf (26F) due to a complete change in behavior and intimacy from her
I (21M) think I'll enter a "semi long distance relationship" with a girl (21F) I really like in the coming period, but I'm sort of in conflict with the whole idea of a LDR
Am I doing the right thing?
I (21F) kind of can’t stand my brother (17M)
My(M,23) girlfriend(F,23) is very reluctant about deleting any kind of nudes of herself from her phone.
My M(19) GF F(18) can't express her feelings (she is not romantic) and we don't talk a lot and we can't find what to say to each others during holidays (more like long distance relationship).
Is it weird if your girlfriend doesn't want to delete any kind of nudes she has of herself from her phone?
48M already planning to start divorce, suddenly getting to know someone new via social media - I need advice
Should I (20M) tell my girlfriend (21F) of 3 years that I cheated on her at the beginning of long distance relationship?
Am I doing the right thing?
Should I 20M tell me gf 21F of 3 years that I cheated on her 6 months into our relationship?
I (20F) am really not sure about my relationship (23M)
I [25F] feel like I'm settling because I'm scared of what she'd [23F] do in response.
Advice for my lil bro
If you were just about to break up with your significant other, has being stuck with them for now helped or hurt?
My best friend's dad died from coronavirus. How can I best support him in quarantine? (26m)
I'm 19f my bf is 22m he broke up please help
(M17), looking to get in relationship with (F17)
My [20f] sister [10f] is turning into quite the homophobe and as a lesbian, I don’t know what to do
Me,(M17), looking to get in relationship with (F17)
Not sure how to feel about what I found.
I have a very low sex drive
26M has severe trust issues after first relationship which was pretty serious ended badly. Suffered from depression. Scared of getting hurt again.
I'm 19F and my bf 22M I love him so much he broke up
I [25F] feel like I am settling because I'm scared of what she'd [23F] do in response.
How do I deal with friends in abusive relationships?
Advice for my 15 year old bro who just got out a relationship
I'm not sure how I should feel about what I found.
My Best Friend doesn’t want to be friends anymore
About weight loss..
My parents(51M and 49F) are forcing me(19M) to stay in a college where I am Miserable
What to do when you love him so much but he hurts you alot and kept on doing it for 4 years and now broke up but you still love him
Why is it when the girl is not happy in the relationship, they are more likely to end things?
My parents(51M and 49F) are forcing me(19M) to stay in a college I’m Miserable at
My family is drifting apart over petty issues during this lockdown and it's worrying me
I [30 F] am an exotic dancer and moved back home with my conservative and psychologically abusive mother [57 F] after my club closed.
Do you think your ex is still the one for you years later?
The Quarantine frustration is creating problems within my family and we might be drifting apart
He packed up his stuff and left but said he'll be back to talk? Please Help
My fiancee is lying to me about how much he makes
I (20M) got dumped by my girlfriend (21F)
The quarantine is creating problems withing my family and we are drifting apart.
Why is it when the girl is not happy in the relationship, she is more likely to end things?
I keep having bad dreams about my boyfriend cheating on me!
Do you think your ex is still the one for you years later?
I (20M) got dumped by my girlfriend (21F)
My fiance is lying to me about how much he makes
My ex (F24) contacted me (M24) anonymously after I broke up with her last year.
Do you think your ex is still the one for you years later?
My M(19) GF F(18) can't express her feelings , and we don't talk a lot and we can't find What to say to each others during this quarantine (similar to long distance relationship)
Me [20F] with my boyfriend [22M] 1 year, does not like calling me
I [20M] broke up with my GF [19F] because of religion.
bf said he loved me, but then said he didn’t mean it like that
My ex (F24) contacted me anonymously (M24) after I broke up with her last year.
My M[19] Gf F[18] can't express her feelings and we don't talk a lot , we do find what we say to each others during this quarantine (similar to long distance relationship)
I [20M] broke up with my GF [19F] because of religion.
Why does he want to hear me breath?
My [19]M Girlfriend [18]F can't express her feelings and she doesn't talk a lot during long distance relationship.
Why does he keep like to keep me otp even when we're not talking??
Why is it when the girl's not happy in a relationship she is more likely to end things?
Why does he like being on the phone with me when he's talking to other people?
My Wife Won't Give Our Son My Last Name
I (19M) only see the negatives about my (19F) girlfriend of 4 months.
I (21 F) contacted my fiance’s (23 M) long lost father (late 40s M) behind his back
I (19M) only see the negatives about my girlfriend's
My[19] GF[18] can't express her feelings and can't find topics and doesn't talk a lot especially in the quarantine
I(F 24) have been right this entire time about my now ex fiancé(M 27) and I don’t know how to handle it.
Boyfriend [22M] refuses to eat leftovers and I [24F] have a feeling it’s going to create issues moving forward
I (23m) think my mom(47f)treats me different because I’m a male.
Roommate is Gross! What do I do?
Roommate incredibly unsanitary
I (19M) continuously find flaws in my (19F) girlfriend of 4 months.
I [f/27] need to break up with my boyfriend [m/30] whom I moved in with. How do I go about this, step by step?
I (28,F) started rekindling with an ex (28,M) but afraid I’m letting my late fiancé down.
Girlfriend[24f] made a tik tok about the hottest men she has hooked up with, I[25m] am contemplating breaking up with her.
How do I [30M] show my girlfriend [28F] that I’ve changed?
My (30M) wife (28F) found an unused condom in one of my jackets and I don't know how to defend myself.
I [23F] don't think my boyfriend [24M] is invested as me
My [28F] boyfriend [25M] thinks I have no common sense - is it something I can improve? Is this salvageable?
I (27M) broke things off with my gf (26F) due to change in behavior
Do I have the incorrect idea of what love is?
I don't think my [23F] boyfriend [24M] is invested as me
My (20) Bf won't be intimate unless I (20) F initiate it.
I [F18] don't know how to make up with my brother after he[M22] said horrible things about me
My girlfriend (18F) set me up and broke how with me(18M) we have been dating for a couple months
I (24f) left the house unexpectedly to get my friend (22f) who sounded like she was in trouble, and it's caused an argument with my boyfriend. (31m)
I am pregnant (23F) and the fathers (21M) family won’t stop harassing me about an abortion
I slapped the girl I love...
I (21M) broke up with my former partner (24F) a year ago and can't find meaning in life anymore
I slapped the girl I love...
Girlfriend’s ex bothers be even though it’s been over for a long time
Where do you draw the line between respecting your parents and being an adult child?
Love enough to let go
Where do you draw the line between respecting your parents and child?
I (21M) broke up with my former partner (24F) a year ago and can't find meaning in life anymore
Looking for Girlfriend
Love enough to let go
BF (20) Wont be Intimate Unless I (20) F Initiate It
Looking for a chat app for couples
My (27M) GF (35F) just brooke up after 3 years but I want to win her back. What do I do?
I (28F) think my best friend (28F) of ten years is ghosting me.
Me [25 F] with my partner [27 M] of over a year, doubting my ability to handle a stepchild
My girlfriend set me up and broke up with me
My (27f) best friend and coworker (32m) just got furloughed. What can I do to support him?
My (27M) GF (35F) just brooke up after 3 years but I want to win her back. What do I do?
My (27M) GF (35F) just brooke up after 3 years but I still think she misses me and I want to get back with her. What do I do?
Is it strange that my boyfriend is following all of my friends on instagram?
My GF broke up with a month ago and I can’t get over her. I need to find a way to get her back
Is it strange that my boyfriend is following all of my friends on instagram?
Is saying “blacks” racist?
Is it strange that my boyfriend is following all of my friends on instagram?
I caught my stepfather (M47) reading my phone conversations (F19)
Just moved in with bf & working from home - going insane
I [23/M] don't feel butterflies with my GF [25/F]
I [21F] and my [23M] guy who I’ve been talking for a while has stopped texting me and it’s driving me insane
My(33F) friend(40M) unfriended me without explanation
Am I (18F) supposed to be responsible if he (18M) commit suicide because ignored him?
Working from home with bf - going insane
I [18M] want to live a private and secluded life away from my family once I am able to move out. How can I?
Boyfriend won’t wash hands after using bathroom?
Possibly pregnant [23F] - messed up with boyfriend [22M]
I (22f) have been especially giving and kind to my girlfriend (26f) and she mocked me today. Now I feel sick. Am I being too sensitive?
Am I (18F) supposed to be responsible of his (18M) death because i ignored him?
Boyfriend won’t wash his hands after using bathroom
20 F and 20 M no intimacy
[18/m] Just broke up with my first love [17/f]
My boyfriend won’t wash his hands after doing number 2.
My (25F) twin sister (25F) asked for my blessing to date a guy (27M) I used to have feelings for.
Lock Down broke my heart
Am I(18F) supposed to be guilty if he (18M) commits suicide because I ignored him?
I'm I doing something wrong ?
Anyone has given a second chance to your SO and did not regret your decision?
What sentimental things do you do with your SO when you’re not together?
SHOULD I MOVE ON OR WHAT SHOULD I DO?
( TL; DR ) help, various family keeps stealing money and taking advantage of us?
28 [F] single... What the fuck is tiktok? Am I just Nihilist?
My GF of 5 years broke up with me yesterday because I can't stand having 6 dogs in my house. AITA?
My conspiracy theory friendly boyfriend has spiralled out of control during the pandemic
( TL; DR ) help, various family keeps stealing money and taking advantage of us?
My Brother[17 M] is having some sort of mental breakdown and I [23 M] dont know what to do.
what is wrong with me?
How can I (22M) help my roommate (23F) have an opportunity to sing?
TL;DR help, various family keeps taking money, about $25000 worth
Anyone has given a second chance to your SO / relationship and is a success story?
When do you think the right time to move in together is?
A Broken Relationship (27F and 28M)
I'm (24M) having trouble communicating with my GF (25F) of 5 months about her issues.
How can I (22M) help my roommate (23F) have an opportunity to sing?
I [24M] told my father [62M] to stop picking his nose
I (24M) lost feelings for my boyfriend (26M) after sex. What do I do?
I don’t think I want to be in a anymore relationship (F21) w/ my bf (M20)
My sister [37F] is bullying her husband [34M]
I [24M] told my father [62M] to stop picking his nose, now he won't talk to me
Various family stealing near $25000 within half a year,m
Did i[24F] do the right thing by leaving him[24F]?
20 [M2F] Portugal Lourinhã
My boyfriend's 5g -co-vid conspiracy theories are ruining our relationship
He (40M) texted his friend 25F) to say I was high maintenance but sent it to me by mistake
Am I unreasonable?
Should I [21F] message my ex [23M] on OkCupid ?
48M already planning to start divorce, suddenly getting to know someone new via social media - I need advice
How do I let her go?
Bf wo t see me for 6 weeks
How do I let her go?
I’m not sure if we me (f21) and my bf (m20) want the same thing
Boyfriend said he wont see me for 6 weeks
Safe to have a quarantine buddy?
[Update] My (20F) BF (21M) can't physically satisfy me and makes mean remarks :( I've told him several times that it hurts my feelings but he's too insecure. What to do?
BF wont see me for 6 weeks
20[F] GF spending a lot of money before I'm 22[M] supposed to move, now worried about me moving
I (23M) feel like I am falling out of love with my (21F) Fiancé
I (23M) feel like I am falling out of love with my (21F) Fiancé
Late 40s Man - planning to start divorce, suddenly and unexpectedly flirting online during a pandemic, hoping for advice
I [24F] told my father [62M] to stop picking his nose on my bed, now he won't talk to me
If I fuck her good regularly, will she not be jealous anymore?
I (21F) can’t keep the house clean with boyfriend (22M) and roommate (20F)
（F21）How to get into an intimate relationship if you’re so afraid of being hurt?
What ‘special obligations’ exist between family members?
Men - what are the biggest obstacles you have / have had to meet and attract a girl?
I (F19) Blocked my best friend (M18) because I think he was gaslighting, should I unblock him?
I (21M) am prioritizing my girlfriend (21F) too much in our relationship and my life. How do I reverse before it's too late?
I (21F) live with my boyfriend (22M) and another roommate (20F), and I can never keep the house clean with them!!!
Love
I (21M) am prioritizing my girlfriend (21F) too much in our relationship and my life. How do I reverse before it's too late?
I (20F) am being emotionally abused by my (26M) fiance
I believe my girlfriend is thinking about leaving me
Am I (20F) too judgemental about my friend(20F)
COVID-19 breakup?
Why am I (36f) still so devastated over a year after I found out he (37m) cheated on me?
(F21)How to get into an intimate relationship if you’re so afraid of being hurt?
I (20F) am being emotionally abused by my fiance (26)
When do you think is the right time to move in together?
My (31M) Mom (65F) is causing me anxiety and making me feel burdened with her multiple daily questions asking for advice. Where and how do I draw a boundary without coming across as a jerk?
How to get into an intimate relationship if you’re so afraid of being hurt?
My boyfriend (21) doesn’t understand that I (18) don’t want smoking to dominate our free time and it does. It’s taken over our whole relationship.
How to get your partner to be more romantic
My boyfriend (21) smokes every day and I’m getting tired of dating a druggie. How do I get this through his head?
My (31M) Mom (65F) is causing me anxiety and making me feel burdened with her multiple daily questions asking for advice. Where and how do I draw a boundary without coming across as a dick?
Boy troubles
It's been over two years and I <29 M> can't get completely over her <26 F>
22[M] worried about long distance GF's 20[F] seriousness (or something)
How to add more romance to a relationship
FIANCEE NEEDS SPACE. CAN YOU RELATE?
It's been over two years and I <29 M> am not over my ex <26 F>
being ghosted on social media, turns out they were active on discord the whole time
(29f)(30m) Boyfriend spent hundreds on a present for an ex of his for V day - but got nothing for me.
Me [30 F] upset my older sister [40 F] for giving her pregnant Daughter [20 F] on advice to cut down on fast food.
I 30M and unsure of how to proceed with a romantic interest 28F who seems emotionally unavailable.
My mom(50) decided to stay married to my stepdad(50) who beat her. She pretenda that nothing happened but I just can't forgive him or forget about it
How to get into an intimate relationship if you’re so afraid of being hurt?
My girlfriend (25F) never opens Snapchat around me (25M)
My (28M) girlfriend (22F/NB) has pretty much no life plan and it's driving me insane
My [22M] friend/coworker's [20F] partner [19M] is starting to control her communication with me, never been in this situation before.
My ex-fiancee (28 F) cheated on me, emotionally manipulated me, and then turned our mutual friends against me. This was three years ago, but I don't know how to move on.
I(44M) found old letter that I suspect my wife (45F) wrote to someone else
My boyfriend (M22) got a face tattoo
My boyfriend got a face tattoo
my life has changed in just one week
27M in a relationship with 32F but falling in love with 28M
I(44M) found old letter that I suspect my wife (45F) to someone else
What ‘special obligations’ exist between family members?
is it a good idea to tell my boyfriend i love you for the first time, because I doubt he will do it soon if he does love me?
To the women who have slept with doctors: Are they actually better than the rest of us?
I[27F] am in a moral dilemma concerning family friends [50sF, 29M and 24F]
PLEASE HELP !! My ex and I were getting closer again but is now unsure due to not being able to get over our past relationship
I[27F] am in a moral dilemma and unsure on how to proceed with family friends [50sF, 29M and 24F] with a history of abuse
My [M20s] ex [F20s] wants to send me a bday present. I'm seeing someone. Do I tell them?
Not feeling love for him.
How do I forget something
M (21) F (20) I need some advice.
HELP PLEASE : I want to tell my boyfriend i love you for the first time, because I doubt he will do it soon if he does love me, and i cannot wait any longer for him to tell me.
Is this [27F/23M] an odd age gap or am I overthinking?
M (21) F (20) I need some advice.
28(M) My partner 29(F) doesn’t satisfy me sexually anymore
Seeking advise on personal freedom
I feel selfish for thinking my girlfriend will break up with me
My (29F) Mom (61F) Is Giving Conflicting Information About My Dad’s (60M) Cancer
Seeking advice for personal liberation from interpersonal conflict
Me 28 M my 23 F GF of 8 months just told me that she bought a ticket and air B n B with her friends to Coachella
I feel selfish for thinking my girlfriend will lose feelings for me
My sibling’s partner
I feel selfish for thinking my girlfriend will lose feelings for me
I feel selfish for thinking my girlfriend will lose feelings for me
I (23F) rejected my lesbian friend (28F) and she’s accusing me of leading her on
I broke up with my girlfriend over my friend's affection level, I'm now wondering if I was in the wrong
My boyfriend keeps lying and I don't know what to do...
S/O lost motivation during quarantine
My boyfriend (M23) refuses to speak his native language to me (F26), even though I speak his native language. Speaking only English causes a lot of misunderstanding as it's a foreign language for both of us.
My boyfriend (M23) refuses to speak his native language (he's bilingual, I'm referring to one of them) when talking to me (F26)
How to deal with a stressful relationship with my mother
My mother causes me a lot of stress when I'm at home
Stressful relationship with mother
Why friends leave me on delivered
My [26M] GF [25F] won’t allow me to move back to my parents even though I’ve just lost my job due to redundancy. What do I do?
My boyfriend refuses to speak his native language with me (billingual)
How do I (m24) proceed with my girlfriend (f23) who is very jealous, but simultaneously uncomfortable with me only being attracted to her?
Woman (F25) I have been seeing says she doesn’t “date” people. Her actions are confusing me (F30)
Woman (F25) I have been seeing says she doesn’t “date” people. Her actions are confusing me (F30)
How to cheer up and support my (f20) boyfriend (m20) during these trying times (long distance relationship)?
How many of you men would convert for a Muslim woman?
I [19F] completely trust my boyfriend [20M] and his female friends but his friendship still irks me
How do I (m24) proceed with my girlfriend (f23) who is very jealous, but simultaneously uncomfortable with me only being attracted to her?
I (24F) was dishonest with the guy (24M) I'm dating (of 3 months) - do you think we can move on from this?
Do not know what to do
I (32M) think I'm being emotionally abused by my wife (35F) after being in a relationship for 8 years and married for 3
Stuck in a loop. Do not know what to do
I'm (40m) heartbroken becoming my wifes (40F) drinking buddy during the lockdown, there's just no intimacy or physical connection any more
Need help
Guy (24M) I'm dating doesn't trust me (24F) anymore.
My [F24] boyfriend [M29] watches gay porn and I am a little concerned
Help with lying in a relationship?
I'm (40m) heartbroken becoming my wifes (40F) drinking buddy during the lockdown, there's just no intimacy or physical connection any more
I (16M) am beginning to fear my father emotionally unstable father and feel depressed. I want out.
He’s ridiculously impatient
My (22f) boyfriend (28m) likes using my toys.
I (16M) am uncomfortable living with my emotionally unstable/ slightly narcissistic father and am begging to feel depressed in the environment.
Would you (100F) prefer to stay single the rest of your life or carry out a radical Islamic terror attack? (100M)
I (M19) lost my relationship about three weeks ago with my now ex GF (F19) of 7 months and it's making all the loneliness from this plague worse
I (19M) lost my relationship with threeish weeks ago by my now ex GF (19F) of 7 months right before she moved three hours away
Me [27F] with my Boyfriend [30 M] of 2 years, said he thinks I'm Asexual and don't enjoy sex because he "feels it".
I [31, F] don't know what to make of information I found out about a guy [31, M] I have been dating for a little over a month.
My(20M) high school girlfriend(19F) from 3 years ago is now my ex. I feel constantly manipulated, but am I the real problem?
Was I (15F) overractng when I cut my ex BFF (14F) out of my life?
23M Here, 2 month dry spell with 24F Girlfriend. Moved in together, grew apart, she broke up with me 2 days ago. Now Financially Destroyed and heartbroken, Was it all one big lie? Where to go from here?
She said she’d eventually wanna see guys? Need advice.
Reddit... have I fallen out of love with my boyfriend?
The best answer I’ve received in regards to “what you like about me”
Reddit... am I an overthinking freak or is there something up???
I[33F] don't want my sick SO[34M] to live with me during the pandemic
My partner (19F) said she wanted to fuck someone else while drunk and I (19M) kind of feel betrayed
Casually seeing a guy (M30) who has decided to self isolate with another girl!
Casually seeing a guy (M30) who has decided to self isolate with another girl!
(F26) major anxiety since my boyfriend (M30) proposed
Casually seeing a guy who has decided to self isolate with another girl!
I (32y) gave my boyfriend (48y) of 4 months a second chance after he was being disrespectful to me and my things and expecting me to be like a "wife" in the 50's. He changed a bit but I have started to feel angry and annoyed around him and I don't find him attractive anymore. Don't know what to do?
I(21F) am insecure about my boyfriend (22M) and I being opposites.
My (20F) mother (50F) is so jealous of pretty much female she sees and it’s embarrassing to be her daughter
My (20F) mother (50F) is so jealous of pretty much female she sees and it’s embarrassing to be her daughter
Texting advice (19M,18FM)
English family friend and Australian girl (19yrs)
I gave my boyfriend a second chance after he hurt me (didn't cheat). But I don't think I like him any more. He annoys me and I don't find him attractive now. What do I do?
Should I leave my partner or am i just overthinking
Cheating MIL affecting my relationship
I'm (21F) insecure about my boyfriend(22M) and I being opposites.
What's it feel like?
Needy boyfriend: cheating MIL
I don’t know how to got about this
It’s my dad’s 60th birthday in 2 days and I [29m] am losing it
(26f) major anxiety since my boyfriend (30m) proposed
Was he [M/21] just trying to get in my [F/20] pants?
It’s my dad’s 60th birthday in 2 days and I [29m] am losing it
A broken relationship F27 and M28 (TL;DR)
My boyfriend (27M) is struggling to get over a rebound I (24F) had when we were broken up.
A broken relationship between M28 and F27
My boyfriend (27M) is struggling to get over a rebound I (24F) had when we were broken up.
How do I open up more?
Post break-up manipulation
I [31, F] don't know what to make of information I found out about a guy [31, M] I have been dating for a little over a month.
1 (31 m) am afraid to be in a relarionship
Should I reconcile with my ex best friend ??
I (31 m) am afraid to be in a relationship.
Guy (28M) lied about being at a University I'm (24F) at. Advice?
I (m 31) am afraid to be in a relationship and sometimes feel like I don't deserve it.
How should I (m 23) proceed with my ex (f 21)?
How do I tell my bf to stop breathing on me, nicely?
My (M21) GF (F19) is having trouble getting over the things I did in the past.
My (M,19) girlfriend (F,19) of 9 months always ends up leaving me at parties and other events
I know my bf is lying but I did something bad to figure it out
Need advice on jealousy
My (M,19) girlfriend (F,19) of 9 months always leaves me at parties and other events
Am I falling prey to the “Disney Effect” in my relationship?
My boyfriend seems to have some sort of difficulty expressing his emotions
My ex (F18) sent me a quote today and I don't know what she means behind it. I’m (M21)
My girlfriend leaves me a parties and other events
My [21M] GF [19F] is having trouble getting over things I did in the past.
My ex sent me a quote today and I don't know what she means behind it.
My boyfriend seems to have some sort of difficulty expressing his emotions
My girlfriend (18F) broke up with me (20M) because of her life goals and my reaction for it
Breakup
I (M28) need help moving forward with this girl (F29)
How would you like to be asked out?
I (20M) don't know whether i should wait for my girlfriend (18F) or not
How should I (m23) proceed with my ex (f21)?
My (19F) friend (20M) is using me as a fallback friend, and I don't know how to deal
TL;DR! How can I (17f) keep dating (2 months) the antisocial girl (16f) I recently started liking during quarantine, when she’s never active?
How can I (17f) keep dating (2 months) the antisocial girl (16f) I recently started liking during quarantine?
My (50M) daughter (19F) is convinced that me and my wifes (49F) divorce is entirely my fault, and she won't speak to me. I feel like my wife has poisoned her against me, and I am terrified of entirely losing her.
Breakup Confusion
Aus girl (19) and English boy
I'm (19 F) stuck inside with my angry and abusive father and it's affecting my mental health
English boy and Australian girl (19)
I was nosy and now I regret it
How can I (17f) keep dating (2 months) the antisocial girl (16f) I recently started liking during quarantine??
Ex-gf
My gf [18F] of 7 months is upset with me and wont talk with me [18M] anymore.
Bf (23) says he doesn't want marriage or kids ever
My GF [21F] is getting more and more and cold towards me.
How to build trust with someone again?
Bf hasn't told family about me in 4 years!! (22M) and (21F)
Crushing on roommate
Is it healthier to isolate and be single?
Has this happened to anyone when your partner breaks up with you because you are toxic and you agree with them and let them go?
Bf of 4 years still hasn't told his famit about me! (22M) and (21F)
My gf [18] wont talk to me anymore because she is angry at me [18]
I (18F) wants to hit up an “ex” (19M)
Bf says he doesn't ever want to get married but is 23
Never cheat...please. It only hurts you, your partner, and the third party.
Crushing on a roommate in times of Coronavirus
Trust advice
How has your opinion of people close to you changed because of their response to the pandemic ?
I (22F) had a falling out with my best friend of 13 years (23F) and I don't know how to handle it
My husband’s dog is dying and it’s tearing our relationship apart
How to talk to your partner about a dry spell? How to get over a dry spell?
Boyfriend (22m) doesn't want to hang out?
My [24M] friend hates my other friend [24F] as she is a medical student, and he despises all medical professionals.
Financial Issue
I cant fix this. Is it normal to want to leave?
Should I try fixing the relationship?
How to talk to your partner about a dry spell? How to get over a dry spell?
Fix the relationship or end it?
Boyfriend told me he needs space.
I [18F] want to move in with my boyfriend [21M] by next year.
One friend [M 24] doesn't like another in our group [24F] since she decided to become a doctor/therapist.
Is it acceptable to forget your significant others birthday (in the Facebook era)?
My new girlfriend and I decided that she moves in with me in 3 days. I am planning that we have sex and it will be my first time.
Engaged: fiancé just told me she had a miscarriage 3 years ago & didn’t tell me
Anyone wanna chat?
I [21M] don’t know what to do about my [19F] gf cheating on me.
I (F24) am trying to get my boyfriend's attention (M25)
Need advice!
How do I cope with my insecurities in a relationship?
How do I [20M] find someone to date?
Potential red flags in my (23F) close friendship with another 24(F)
Girl (19F) I’ve (19M) been talking to goes to see her ex, not sure how to go about this.
I have the perfect boyfriend but still unsure?
I might love this girl but I’m scared
F 22 - I have no desire to date and I don't know why.
Am I (M25)at fault for not wanting to be polyamorous with my 2 year SO?(F23)
I (23F) am a relationship virgin (and a regular virgin) and I don’t know what’s normal
F/22 - Just not interested in dating. Like at all.
Old friend( 29m) with a gf reconnected with me( 28f) and later on sent a strategic shirtless video, what do I make of it?
Am I at fault for not wanting to be polyamorous?
She went to see her ex tonight.
My (25F) ex trying to get me (27M) back, however it is beyond complicated
A guy (30/M) I’m talking to told me (24/F) that my views on alcohol were arbitrary. Is he right?
My ex (25F) trying to get me (27M) back, however it is beyond complicated. Need advice.
26M crushing on 30F friend from work
Me (19M) lost V-Card to a Lesbian (22F) and I don’t know wtf is going on now
I [F, 21] imposed a week of silence of my new boo [M, 26] and I'm instantly regretting it
My husband is so extreme and negative. Please pm me!
Help me please! Please DM me!! I would love a male perspective
Would a guy please PM me? I would love a male perspective or anyone’s honestly
Anyone wanna chat?
Help me please! I would love a man’s perspective
Delusional friend
My (M27) gf (F26) just told me she feels like I only want her for sex.
Delusional rapper friend
Unsure if my Ex (25M) is flirting with me (25F)?
Why is it bothering me that my sister is pregnant.
MIL being passive aggressive
My (24m) new boyfriend (19m) is too committed
BF(27) would rather move in with female friend (20) than me (27)
Sister announced she was pregnant and I’m struggling to be happy for her.
I’m (21F) moving to a new apartment and my bf (24M) is unsure.
I’m constantly comparing myself to my boyfriends ex girlfriend. I’m driving myself crazy, help.
What do I [F18] do about my relationship with my bf [M18]?
Your first relationship being your only relationship. Thoughts, advice?
Do you think people can change?
My ex(24M) has contacted me(24F) twice since breakup. Advice?
Me 24 M with my 23 F, 11 months. Why am I still not attracted to her skin colour?
Too early of a talk with my sister?
I am [28/F] struggling to separate politics and emotions, with boyfriend [30/M]
How do I (26f) get my boyfriend (35m) to stop slapping my ass all day
i need help :(
I told my grandpa that I (14M) hate my step siblings (11M and 15F) and I feel bad cause my dad found out
i need help :(
i need help :(
I am [28/F] struggling to separate politics and emotions from my boyfriend [30/M]
27f realizing that relationship of 6 years with 29m is doomed during quarantine. I need help with avoiding destructive behavior.
What do I [F18] do about my relationship with my bf [M18]?
Partner (19) and I (21) both have mental health issues and I'm scared it'll end badly [TW: Suicide mention, self-harm]
I am [28/F] struggling to separate politics and emotions with boyfriend [30/M]
Just need to vent / I don't know how to proceed
My boyfriend gets mad if i don’t send pics
Love in the time of COVID-19
Me (30M) and my ex (30F) are expecting a child in a few months, newly trying to navigate co-parenting.
My boyfriend gets mad if i don’t send any pics
What does he mean
What does he mean
Thinking of saying NO to marriage to my girlfriend on Saturday
What does he mean
Love in the time of COVID-19
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) and I haven't spoken in a week. I'm not sure what to do.
What does he mean
What does he mean
My mother is using my miscarriage against me
What does he mean
What does he mean
What does he mean
Dont know if MIL dislikes me or not...
Thinking of saying NO to marriage in a couple days
Partner (19) and I (21) both have mental health issues and I'm scared it'll end badly [TW: Suicide mention, self-harm]
Need Some Help
What should I do?
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) and I haven't spoken in a week. I'm not sure what to do.
I (23F) am very interested in this guy (22M) but we're both on the fence about dating
bf and i on a break. need advice for when we get back in contact
bf and i taking a break... need advice i guess?
I feel like my fiancé’s family likes his ex girlfriend that cheated on him more than they like me sometimes :/
Relationships in the Time of Coronavirus
Feelings ignored constantly by my boyfriend.
How do I (18F) tell my boyfriend (20M) that I'm gay
I don’t know what to talk about anymore!!
Cabin Fever - screwed up royally
I think my husband has an infatuation with women from work
Am I just dumb or what? Please help
I am at a loss for words that aren’t related to the dark stuff going on!!
I think my husband has an infatuation with women at his work
Asking for a friend 😅
My [33F] husband [33M] is hyper-critical of our 4yo son, it escalates, and I don't know how change this.
I don’t know what to talk about!
If you been in a relationship longer than 6 months and you haven't had sex is it a douche move to ask for sex or anything in that context
How do I (26f) get my boyfriend (35m) to stop slapping my ass all day
Cabin fever - screwed up royally
Am I wrong for continuing to date my boyfriend against my mother’s wishes?
My (18f) bf (18m) says he doesn’t know if he sees a future with me
5 years of first love or 2 months of relationship
How to be more logical
I think my husband has an infatuation with women from work
My bf of >2 years has expressed his interest in trying drugs
How to be more logical
My 17 year old girlfriend
If you been in a relationship for longer than 6 months and you haven't had sex will you be to much of a douche if you we're to ask
I (30F) know the advice, “if a person doesn’t treat you well, they’re not worth your time” and that’s all fine and dandy, but how do you find people worth your time?
The guy I've[F] been seeing is suddenly unsure and backing away out of absolutely nowhere. Nothing was going wrong. What just happened? What do I do? Help.
My (F19) boyfriend (M19) is a little clingy and it's draining me
My (18f) bf (18m) doesn’t know if he sees a future with me
I'm (M17) really anxious that I'm getting cheated on by my girlfriend (F17)
Im gay (27) , My boyfriend is acting odd (25)
How do I (26f) get my boyfriend (35m) to stop slapping my ass all day
My bf doesn’t know if he sees a future with me
I'm obsessed with my ex boyfriend
My boyfriend (m20) of 1.5 years is pushing me (f17) to apologise to his dad (m43) even though I dont think I’m in the wrong
Ex [21F] has new bf [24M] but still talks to me [22M]
Can’t connect with anyone
My boyfriend (m20) is pushing me (f17) to apologise to his dad (m43) even though I’m probably not in the wrong
my girlfriend (f18) wants me to give her my password
I'm having a really hard time breaking away from my friend, even though I know I need to
Should I (25m) talk to my ex (33m) about getting back together?
My (26M) girlfriend (27F) of three years had a stroke, and now I’m living with her parents.
I'm having a really hard time breaking away from my friend, even though I know I need to
UPDATE: My girlfriend (21F) doesn’t understand my efforts and responsibilities (23M).
My girlfriend (21F) doesn’t understand my efforts and responsibilities (23M).
(Male 39) and (Female 28) Are the dynamics for long distance dating different? First meet up was like an instant relationship
Coping with breakup during quarantine
I'm obsessed with my ex
I (21F) am trying to cope with a breakup by (23M) during quarantine!!!!!
How can I (21F) tell a friend (21F) that it’s not okay to break quarantine for hookups?
I love my girlfriend so so much but why do I have unwanted thoughts of women I don’t like?
How can I ask my boyfriend to spend more time with me without sounding needy?
When my girlfriend [18F] upsets me [19M] i get awful thoughts.
Getting over a breakup during quarantine
Dating a girl (24F) who checks social media but can't text me back? (23M)
How can I (21F) tell my friend (21F) it’s not okay to break quarantine for hookups?
Got out of a frustrating short term relationship (less than a year, less than 3 months exclusively dating with 28m) and fell head over heels with a guy I've been curving since last spring. (25f & 26m)
Having a hard time understanding why my boyfriend of 3 years doesn't respect the fact that I don't want anyone come into my house and don't want him going out.
is my girl cheating. plz help one of the boys out. plz i need advice
I decided to cheat emotionally on my boyfriend because he deserves it. What would you do?
My date (25/f) past is bothering me (32/m) because it's dirty and shocking
Am I (24f) experiencing verbal abuse of am I just sensitive to my bfs language (27m)
Is my [39F] friend [60M] a misogynistic asshole or am I too sensitive? How do I avoid misogynists anyway?
Feeling evermore distant from my boyfriend. I think it may be best to break up but I can't imagine what that would be like during this Covid madness.
How I got my Girlfriend
How do I navigate coming out and locker room discussions at my BJJ gym?
I [39_M] have a painful history I'm currently ruminating about, and don't know what to do with.
I would like to lodge a formal complaint about the bean post being removed.
26 M in relationship with 29 M
How do I navigate coming out to my BJJ gym and handle gendered changing rooms there?
Questioning whether or not I (f24) am experiencing verbal abuse or if I’m just sensitive to my bfs tone (27m)
I (33f) just ended an 8 year on-again off-again relationship (38m) the day before the world shut down. What are some of the best ways to cope mentally?
My girlfriend does not want to try anal. Should I force her?
Fantasying about an ex
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
i am sad -> does anyone think they are with their soulmate ?? please tell me about them 🥰
soulmates -> does anyone think they are with their soulmate ?? please tell me about them 🥰 i am sad
Boyfriend is on deployment (36M) I 29f want to send a care package
I (f/20) don’t know what to do with my bf(?) (m/21) anymore.
Should I keep trying to get her back if she’s leaving? (20M, ex gf is 20F)
Anyone else end a relationship right before the world shut down? 33(f) looking for ways to cope mentally?
Quarantine "Healthy" Relationship Dialogue
Anyone else end a relationship right before the world ended? 33(f) looking for ways to cope mentally?
When to ask about my height?
Struggle with committing to a relationship (M32)
My grandpa told my dad that I (14M) hate my step siblings (11M and 15F)
When to ask about my height?
Anyone else end a relationship right before the world ended? How are you coping mentally?
Does he just want to cut me off so he’s lying?
Anybody else end a relationship right before the world shut down? How are you coping mentally?
What to do when all my fiancé wants to do is play video games
What’s the best way to convince my M(25) friend F(25) that she needs to seek help
How do I [M19] stop wanting to get into a relationship?
My boyfriend (28M) wants to give practical solutions to my (27F) problems. How are we supposed to compromise?
My (32F) boyfriend (29M) is extremely hurtful when angry and seems to forget what I really do, it's like he becomes someone else
I’m (20F) growing tired of my best friend (20F) and I’m not sure what to do
My (30/F) boyfriend (29/M) of eight months essentially stated that he doesn't think I'll accomplish my lifelong dreams of becoming a published novelist.
Suspicious? Or not? [27m] 22[f]
Suspicious or not? [27m] [22f]
5 years of first love or 2 months of stress less love
Is he just cutting me off?
Having trouble committing to anyone (32M)
Suspicious? Or not?
Should I stay or should I go?
I [F23] grow too easily attached to older male coworkers and i want to stop.
FIANCE NEEDS SPACE. WOMEN, HAVE YOU BEEN IN THIS SITUATION BEFORE GETTING MARRIED?
No-label. This quarantine got me overthinking about it.
I (M15) feel uncomfortable in my friend group
Help to deal with lying in a relationship?
My (20M) mother (40s F) refuses to exercise, and it is negatively affecting everyone in our family
How do I(24f) tell my boyfriend(25m) he's got bad breath?
What's the most polite way to tell my boyfriend he's got bad breath?
Would you confront someone who took away all your friends from your twenties, and any professional benefit from those contacts, by blocking you from an online networking group?
I (F18) need advice on how to bring up my insecurities to my boyfriend (M20)
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
I (19M) have been in a happy relationship with my current gf for 2+ years but I still miss my ex from when I was 16.
Girl (18F) insults me(18M) non stop
Lying in a relationship
I thought this guy I work with was interested in me, but then ended our text conversation with “take care and good luck” was he just being friendly?
I [23F] broke up with bf [22M], might be pregnant?
I thought this guy I work with was interested in me, but then ended our text conversation with “take care and good luck” was he just being friendly?
My (20f) mother (51f) complains that I don't help out but gets mad when I do.
I'm (M44) stuck in isolation with my soon to be divorced wife (F43) of 20 years, anyone else in the same position?
My (30/M) girlfriend (30/F) buried all of my beans in the woods and will not tell me where they are, it is causing a huge fight between us.
I (32 F) feel like I'm dating Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde (29M)
Setting boundaries with my [28F] alcoholic friend [33F] and I feel terrible
How do I (34M) confront my wife (35F) about possibly gifting some of the money she inherited to my friend who is really struggling?
My bf 23m has started smoking again and IDK what to do. F24
My (20M) mother (late 40s F) refuses to exercise or eat healthily, and it is putting a strain on everyone in the family
Bf, 23m, has started smoking again and IDK what to do. F24
I (24M) am having a hard time after losing virginity to my boyfriend (26M)
My Ex (26M) left me (25F) and Im not sure how to keep living. Help.. Maybe?
feeling bipolar about relationship
My (19F) Family Doesn't Like My Boyfriend (20F)
My Ex (26M) left me (25F) and I'm still not okay...
My ex left me and im not okay...v
My (30/M) girlfriend (30/F) buried all of my beans in the woods and won't tell me where they are, and it is causing a fight between this.
18M I find older women attractive anywhere from late 20's-40's any advice how to approach one and hopefully land a relationship?
We (23F and 23M) are in an open relationship, at first it was something I wanted, but now I don't know if I'm cut out for it. I don't know if we have the same idea of what an open relationship is.
My girlfriend doesn’t ever want to try anal. Should I force her?
My date (25/f) past is bothering me (32/m) because it's dirty and shocking
Should I (F28) reach out to a friend (F22) my partner (M23) fell out with, or is it not worth the risk of upsetting both parties?
Im (21F) Gavin trouble coping with the fact That i was sexually assaulted by my cousin (19M) who was like a brother to me...
I [32m] had an amazing time with a woman [35f], but not sure if or when I should reach out?
She is being unrealistic when it comes to our future/marriage (M20,F20) and it makes me uncomfortable
Never fall in love
Wanting a simple thank you from an ex
My (18M) GF (18F) of 1.5 years expects me to continue texting her even when she's being dry/cold to me back
should i (m 28) continue to live with my bf (m 31)?
My [21M] partner [21 F] says my food habits are weird
Wanting a simple thank you from my Ex
My [21M] partner [21 F] says my food habits are weird.
My girlfriend (20F) and I (25M) have been together for 3 years, I'm her first boyfriend in her live, so I want she to know other people and lovers but it's really hard for me because I'm really in love, but I see that's the best way to grow and be the best herself in the future
my (22f) best friend (23f) is still very close with someone (23f) who was very toxic towards me
I (29F) no longer want to be friends with my depressed/suicidal friend (29M)
I DO NOT have a urge to poo when my BF is around
I (21F) feel like my bf (34M) completely ignores me if we’re not physically in front of each other
should i (m 27) continue to live with my boyfriend (m 31)?
Lost the passion and intimacy
Its been almost a week since he (26M) left and im (25F) not better
Lost the passion and intimacy
Is it too soon to move in together?
I (22M) Ruined the Trust of my (29F) GF because of doubts. LDR
What to do on our one month anniversary me (M22) and her (F20).
Me (22M) and her (20F) have been together for a one month and tomorrow is our anniversary, i don't how to proceed in getting her something or doing some for her.
I'm (M44) stuck with my soon to be divorced wife (F43) of 20 years, anyone else in the same position?
Girlfriend[21] of 8 years just cheated on me [26]
My (F, 19) partner (M, 25) has been making me feel shamed about my culture/ethnicity by his “jokes” and I know it’s not on purpose, but I’m not sure how to approach this.
Girl (18F) will jokingly insult me (18m)
Should i continue to date my girlfriend 19F i am 25M?
Due to Coronavirus, Taking a Break Because of Long Distance. Don't Know What To Do Next
Struggling with communicating with this girl (23F) I (23M) am dating
Girlfriend[21] of 8 years just cheated on me [26]
My girlfriend of 8 years (F21) cheated on me (M26) and I'm shattered
Is it too soon?
(18M) Girlfriend (18F) broke up with me and I feel completely lost
My boyfriend (28) never wants to get married and I (27f) do.
My (19f) best friend (18m) doesn't ever talk to me anymore because he is constantly streaming and gaming
Is this life? I (27m) always feel so insecure and lesser of a man around my wife (25f)
Extremely worried about my kind-of ex bf, do I text his mom?
Why do some couples act so happy/in love on social media but they're never happy in person?
Do I (38F) bring up a reason why I stopping talking to him (38M)?
How can I [23F] reach out to my brother [19M] after his partner [40F] passed away and left him with a baby?
Relationship advice on libidos and porn
My (23f) mom (47f) is misrepresenting my illness to family and friends
I (28F) found out that my fiancé (25M) has been hiding a friendship with a coworker (F)
My [mid20sF] mother [60sF] won't leave me alone with her conspiracy theory stuff.
I (36M) have been talking to a woman (35F) and I’m trying to change some habits.
I (22 M) feel disconnected from my old friend (22 M)
Save me I’m lost 😫
I (28F) found out that my fiancé (25M) has been hiding a friendship with a coworker (F)
Every ninght horny
I can't stand my soon to be divorced wife and now I'm stuck with her because of covid.
Boyfriend (29M) getting nudes from friends
I’m (20F) growing tired of my best friend (20F) and I’m not sure what to do because I care about her.
I (20M) almost always beat my Fiancee (21F) at board / video games and it makes her upset. What do I do?
Men, has blind infatuation ever worked in your favor?
Conflicting thoughts
Boyfriend (29M) looking at his friend’s nudes
I (25M) keep becoming selfish in my relationship with my girlfriend (27F)
How do I break the "boys club" circle?
I (17F) am always the one to start conversations with my boyfriend (18M). This makes me feel as though he doesn’t care that much. Am I just being needy and overreacting or is this really an issue?
I am a M(31) in LTR with F (26) --:: Should I be worried ?
I am naturally selfish. How can I stop sabotaging my relationships.
What did he [M/21] want with me [F/21]?
My (20F) threaten me (20M) that she will commit suicide if I left her.
Dating for a year, still haven't said "I love you"
I’m pregnant. My bf (29m) just broke up with me (31f) because I won’t have sex due to my extreme nausea.
What do girls want in a boy?
23 F overweight needs advice feeling more confident in the bedroom
Very large credit statements
It’s been 8 months and I (m17) am still affected by my ex (f17) breaking up with me
Do you still enjoy your partner’s company anymore?
A Quick Question ::: Ok or not ok ?
My (27F) boyfriend (31M) was stalking his ex and old flings on LinkedIn
My (27F) boyfriend (31M) searched his ex and old flings on LinkedIn 🧐
My boyfriend (24M) has a hard time opening up and listening to me (24F).
Do you still stalk your ex or old flings on social media?
Am I (17F) being needy by always being the one to start conversations with my boyfriend (18M) or is it more than that?
I [M21] have no clue how to handle this situation with my now ex [19F]
I [22M] have a weird dynamic with my ex [21F]
I'm (22f) having the hardest time trying to stop thinking about my ex (22m) who has proven to be a complete asshole.
My (19) girlfriend (19) is going to university in September and I don't know what to do
My (20F) threaten me (19M) that she will commit suicide if I left her.
My (21F) boyfriend (29M) keeps talking to me in a way that seems like he's threatening me
Dating for a year, still haven't said "I love you"
Lockdown
I can't stand my soon to be divorced wife and now I'm stuck with her because of covid.
Living together or separate male (28) female (25)
Living together, living separate
To have kids, to not have kids together. THAT is the question. I[34/F] need help with my partner[31/M] of 4 years.
Ex (19F) who's still my best friend struggling with depression pushing me (22M) away like never before
my bf doesn’t want to break up even tho we fight all the time
My boyfriend won't post pictures of me online
Realizing that my (22F) Dad (62M) might be abusing my Mom (60F) and I don't know what I should do.
I found his nudes from his ex on his phone
Is (M20) interested in me (F18) as more than a friend?
Boyfriend refuses to put me on social media
I (F 26) Don't Know how to Live with my BF's (M 28) Chewing...
I (22m) feel that I'm losing my friend (22m)
How do you handle it if someone almost exactly like you, but better, enters your only friendship group? [29F / 29F]
My female friend referred to me as slow to her co worker/friend; friend sent her a message later agreeing. Is this a real friend?
Am I being controlling?
Help! My ex (21 m) calls me to vent about his ex and it bothers me but he doesn’t understand
My female friend referred to me as slow to her co worker/friend; friend sent her a message later agreeing. Is this a real friend?
I'm in a long distance relationship and I've never done this before, any tips
My (31M) girlfriend (25F) hasnt bonded to our son
Is he (M20) interested in me (F18) as more than a friend? (Lds)
After nearly 2 years, I'm (33m) not really a part of my girlfriend's (23f) life.
I’ve been talking to this Guy for a few weeks and I got Blacked out drunk, sent him something I can’t remember and now he hasn’t spoken to me for few days. What should I do?
I [21 M] have no clue what to do about the situation I’m in with my now ex [19F]
My Ex Girlfriend’s [F21] Fiancé [M23] tried adding Me [M21] on Facebook
Are LDRs just like this or is it just not working out?
I (F 26) Don't Know how to Live with my BF's (M 28) Chewing...
My (19F) LDR boyfriend (21M) shouted at me for masturbating while he was asleep and had a breakdown when I apologized.
I (20m) am conflicted what to do with my (18f) girlfriend
Respect and manners are very important.
Should I say something to friends who didn't invite me to a gathering?
My ex girlfriend’s F21] fiancé [M23] tried adding me [M21] on FaceBook
My boyfriend is a neckbeard and I'm not sure how to accept it.
Must see.... Cheaters Caught Red Handed
Should I confront friends who didn't invite me to an activity?
GF (26) broke up with me because she says I (30M) was smothering her, even though I don't feel like I did.
How do you know when an LDR isn’t working out?
I [22M] caught my GF [21F] reading erotica and I don’t know what to do.
Very late20s(F), never been on a relationship
My girlfriend (26f) broke up with me because she said I (30m) was smothering her. I honestly don't feel like I did.
Should I break up with my girlfriend?
I (20M) am conflicted on what to do with my (18f) gf
My girlfriend (F18) and I (M19) have been together for 9 months and we don’t really talk or have a connection anymore. Due to the virus would it be acceptable to break up over the phone?
I [22M] found my GF [21] reading erotica about cheating, how can she stop?
My girlfriend (F18) and I (M19) have been together for 9 months and we don’t really talk or have a connection anymore. Due to the virus would it be acceptable to break up over the phone?
(M50) escalates love bombs me (F55) and then backs out when questioned. Help
My boyfriend is always on his phone and it’s driving me bananas
My girlfriend (F18) and I (M19) have been together for 9 months and we don’t really talk or have a connection anymore. Due to the virus would it be acceptable to break up over the phone?
My (F25) roommate (M23) embodies my worst pet peeves - how to not be annoyed all the time?
I (27F) am not satisfied in 4 yr relationship w bf (27M) after I’ve expressed how I feel taken advantage of
My (24F) ex-best friend (23F) used to tell her boyfriend (28M) stories about me escorting and would send explicit videos of me to him. I never escorted (she did) and I never even sent those nudes to anyone I knew IRL. Is it worth it for me to confront her directly?
My (F 28) Husband (M 28) is angry with me because he didn’t get the job that I didn’t want to move away for.
Father gets angry with the thought of me moving far away
Gf's Surprise Gift Help
I (f/29) have feelings for a guy (m/29) who my close friend (f/21) used to really like.
Very-late 20s(F), never been in a relationship
My (M29) wife (F28) is dismissing my depression
I'm (36 M) trying to win her (37 F) back.
Gf's gift help
Boyfriend (24M) of 6years, I love him but are we still in love? He is, but I don’t think i am..
Can I [18M] help my parents stop being so frugal/cheap and enjoy their money a bit more?
Gf's gift help
A coworker I’m interested in ended our text conversation with “good luck and take care” now I feel like he doesn’t want to continue the conversation. Should I text him again today?
Boyfriend (25) won’t let me (22f) break up with him. Very confused on what to do.
I (M25) Have mixed feeling about the last argument with GF(F23)
I thought a guy at work was interested in me but he ended a text message with “good luck and take care”... do I text him back?
Spicing things up during covid-19
Is it just human nature to stay in a toxic relationship (F18)with boyfriend (M18) because you feel you deserve it?
Should I (23F) stop playing hard to get with my depressed best friend(21M) Update #2: My friends hate me for dating him.
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) doesn't share my passion for politics and current events, and I don't know if it's a deal-breaker.
Is it normal to stay in a unhealthy relationship because you feel you deserve it
Boyfriend (M29) has much higher sex drive than I (F29) do
How can I (33M) surprise my husband (30M) in quarantine??
Update: Ex undefined [33M] lost his father and his interest in me [30F] who has been foolishly taking care of him for 9 months
I messed up and I´m pretty sure she hates me already
I [29/f] live with my boyfriend and have been happy with the amount of time we spend together. He [32/m] wants more space.
My(24M) gf's(19F) 'step-dad'(30M) keeps sending her weird messages
My (21F) bf (25M) is an addict, has lied, and done everything possible to make our relationship irreparable. I’ll Never trust him again. I resent him but love him and cant leave.
How to not be irritated by someone who gets under your skin?
Update on: I (19F) decide to break up with my boyfriend (30m) and move back home. Does this make me a bad person for wanting to break up?
Girlfriend (F21) from Germany just found out she's pregnant while visiting me (M23) in the UK.
My (25F) best friend (26F) of 14-years is obsessed with finding "the one"
Update: Ex undefined [33M] lost his father and his interest in me [30F] who has been foolishly taking care of him for 9 months
I fucked up and I´m pretty sure she hates me already
I’m not what he likes and masterbates to. I feel used and incompetent
I (29f) am considering separating from my husband (38m). We just had a baby together.
My [24 F] boyfriend [23 M] of 10 months is possibly moving out of state for his PhD and isn’t ready for me to move in with him. The uncertainty is killing me.
I don’t have the body my boyfriend seems to prefer and masterbates to.
I (F26) have been dating a doctor (M35), and COVID has complicated things. How to proceed?
Girlfriend (F21) just found out she is pregnant while staying in England visiting me (M23)
I’m not what my boyfriend has dated or masturbates to
I (21F) came to a diff city to meet my cousins and got locked down here. My bf (M21) has started getting annoyed because I don't talk to him much. Idk what to do.
I (23M) am always angry and stressed around my family
Is history repeating itself; am I (36M) right in moving on from my girlfriend (33F) based on lessons learned and because there are plenty more fish in the sea, or am I losing something dear and irreplaceable because of my insecurities (long post, TLDR at bottom)?
Update on: I (19F) decide to break up with my boyfriend (30m) and move back home. Does this make me a bad person for wanting to break up?
I was born in Juneau, Alaska in 1994
Should I (35F) let my younger boyfriend (27M) sleep with other women?
Me [22F] with my boyfriend [20M] feels lonely and I don't know how to help
I(F21) got locked down in a diff city while i came to visit my cousins and now I've been living w them for a month. My bf(M21) has started getting annoyed about me not being able to talk to him enoughand idk what to do.
Should I (26F) have a heart to heart with my girlfriend (27F) over her work ethic/problems?
I'm (22M) in a committed relationship and my best friend (22F) just admitted to having feelings for me.
I'm (19F) and I think too much of wanting to do sexual activities with my boyfriend (20M)
Lockdown advice
I'm falling in love with my best friend.
I got locked down in a diff city while i came to visit my cousins and now I've been living w them for a month. My bf has started getting annoyed about me not being able to talk to him enough (which is actually impossible w so many people around) and idk what to do.
Girl i am talking to has a friend with benifits
Lockdown advice
Is there a discord for single people?
I'm (19F) and wanting to be sexual with my boyfriend (20M)
Lockdown advice
Retroactive jealousy over my [25F] boyfriend’s [26M] ex
What can I(M20) do to show my partner(F20) I'm keeping her in mind despite the fact that we can't see each other right now?
How do I [25f] let go of my best friend [28m] of 15+ years, given his new wife and I hate each other?
Should I (35F) let my younger boyfriend (27M) sleep with other women?
My wife [F38] accused me [M38] of not being connected enough to her and our kids - the thing is she may be right
I truly hate my (20F) stepdad (idk his age, M). He changed everything about my life
Financial Disagreements
My wife [F38] accused me [M38] of not being connected enough to her and our kids - the thing is she may be right
Boyfriend calls another girl his little darling
How does it feel to patch up post break up.. Is it normal to not being able to reciprocate the amount of love, what your partner gives you.. Or Am i trying hard to into something that is already dead..
Upcoming Christmas Vacation
My SO wants to stay with me but I don't want to.
How does it feel post break up? Is it normal to not able to reciprocate the love your partner show? Or Am i trying to get into something that is already dead?
Losing interest in boyfriend
How do you get over severe self hate involving Love? [F28]
Will I finally follow through with this breakup
she asked to hang out
I (24F) am depressed and struggling to find motivation to go out and vote. I feel like my boyfriend (25M) is being selfish and it hurts
Help cheering up elderly relatives
I (27F) broke up with my boyfriend (26M) of 3.5 years last night. But... We live together.
Boyfriend Couldn’t Care Less About Me During Quarantine
I (16M) feel like I've checked out and dont want to be in a relationship anymore with my girlfriend (16F)
Is monogamy dead, or is something wrong with me?
Would you ever date/get into a relationship to break their heart?
Boyfriend (26M) won’t let me put up cameras in my house (26F). Should I be worried he’s cheating?
How can I (16f) impress my parents? I don't feel like my mom likes me.
Boyfriend won’t let me put up cameras in my house. Should I be worried he’s cheating?
My (21F) father (44M) calls me fat constantly, and I do not know how to deal with it.
Please help! My (f24) ex (m46) won’t leave me be after breakup.
Is monogamy dead or at least dying? Am I ever going to be enough for someone?
This guy I just met wanted me to break quarantine and go to jail for a single hookup.
My brother [25M] is depressed and I [23M] am not sure how to approach it.
Boyfriend Couldn’t Care Less about Me in Quarantine
My sister (18F) and I (19 M) have a complicated/toxic relationship, however she does want us to be much closer, but I'm not sure I want that or can't get past our issues.
My boyfriend of 7 years (M22) is going abroad for further studies. What should I (F23) do now?
My father keeps calling me fat (directly and indirectly). How can I deal with this?
Boyfriend calls his female friend “liebchen” (means little darling)
Please help! My (f23) ex (46) won’t let me be after our break up.
F(23) M(29) 1 year dating
I(20F) lie to my boyfriend(24M) and now he's tired of it and broke up with me.
I'm (23f) feeling out of my league for someone (26m) I'm quarantine dating
I [24F] don't know how to forgive my mother [45F] for spanking me as a child
My bf M(22) is going abroad to study, what should I F(23) do?
Confused about all the signs with my ex F-18 M-19
14 years age gap couple, having a tough time to make it work
I [22F] though my BF [23M] quit smoking.
I [F19] need advice on how to proceed with my [F18] gf
Does my best friend like me or is she just a really good friend?
I (23M) Told an Ex (22F) Something Rude my Friend (20M) Said
Lied About Being on A Break
I [23M] disagree with my partner [27F] about the idea of "real love". I'm distancing.
My girlfriend (of 7 months) always tries to downplay it when I tell her she's beautiful, what are some ways that I can show her just how beautiful she is?
Is dating/courtship really necessary?
I completed 3 years of dating and today I find myself in a slightly boring situation ...
One night stand [31M] that got me [24F]pregnant threatened me, but now wants a relationship. Should I trust him?
Have you ever regretted breaking up with someone?
I have a crush on my closest coworker
My GF after a shower came into the bedroom topless. This has never happened before.
My best friend [M17] and I [F17] aren’t friends anymore because our relationship was becoming too romantic
My GF after a shower came into the bedroom topless. This has never happened before.
My dad [55M] wants me [24F] to hide his drinking problem.
My (28F) partner (32M) of 2 years comes to bed late every night and wakes me up with his phone.
My (28F) partner (32M) comes to bed late and wakes me up every night on his phone.
Your bf (20M) or husband (30M) threatens to leave you if you don’t carry out an Islamic terror attack. What is your response?
How can I compromise with my boyfriend about his dog?
My gf (20F) and I (19F) ended things on a very bad note. <v long, sorry, tl;dr at the bottom>
How can I compromise with my boyfriend about his dog?
My [M30] gf [F36] attacked me, destroyed my house and now shes breaking up with me.
What was he [M/21] looking for with me [F/21]? Very confused
I don't know what to do
How to communicate with a best friend about an issue?
Rollercoaster with my (f22) boyfriend (m24)
If your (20F) boyfriend or husband (20M) threatened to leave you if you didn’t carry out an Islamic terror attack, what would you do?
How to communicate with a best friend who I feel is self-sabotaging/mild trust issues?
My brother is spoiled and I’m the ugly duckling
Rollercoaster with my (f22) boyfriend (m24)
Does my best friend like me? She shows some signs but idk if she’s just being a good friend or what?
I (19F) decide to break up with my boyfriend (30m) and move back home. Does this make me a bad person for wanting to break up?
i(22F) may have a Cinderella complex and I'm probably putting unnecessary pressure to my bf (24M)
My girlfriend hurt me and I don’t know what to do
Need help dealing with financial/class differences in a relationship
I don’t know where I stand with my off-and-on girlfriend
My girlfriend really hurt me and I don’t know what to do about it
Rebel with a cause for personal freedom
Is my [M26] gf [F24] having an emotional affair with her ex?
When does a relationship go from dating to serious?
Me (27F) and the guy I like (24M) have been seeing each other long distance, he has been texting me less even though he is going to be home next week. I'm not sure if he's depressed or disinterested
My ex bff is mad at me for blicking her for ghosting me.
My ex bff is mad at me for blocking her, after she ghosted me.
Possibly toxic and manipulative relationship
I become disinterested in people
Relationship not moving forward + showing toxic traits
Feeling guilty for not being there for my father as much as I should be
I'm in a tricky situation with my ex that I broke up with but I still love her and she loves me too but it's all so strange right now.
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice?
I (38M) get easily rattled and jealous of girlfriend's (37F) guy friends
My (31M) wife (32F) is receiving flirty texts from a mutual friend (40M) who is also married. Insists it’s just a bit of fun.
I (23m) have a bad habit that I've noticed, and while it isn't an issue now, I want to identify to see if it's an issue.
SO Uses "We" When He Means "You"
Stuck Inside with a Wild Love Story that Needs to Get Out?
I (24M) really don't know how to deal with my mother's (59F) and sister's (21F) battles.
Why does my boyfriend “likes” on Instagram bother me so much?
When Your SO Uses "We" and Means "You"
How do I tell my sister
When do you know you're in love?
Boyfriend [31m] jobless and lazy
Sisters daughter (13f) got a picture drawn of her by instagram guy (unknown m) who ask for naked pictures in exchange for drawings
If your girlfriend left you and married another man because he is rich
Homeschooled so I can’t get over my ex?
How do I (24F) approach my roommate (26F) about her extremely squeaky mattress?
My (31M) wife (32F) is receiving flirty texts from a mutual friend (40M) who is also married. Insists it’s just a bit of fun.
I [24M] am having trouble dealing with my [26F] GF child
Online relationships
My (31M) wife (32F) is receiving flirty texts from a mutual friend (40M) who is also married. Insists it’s just a bit of fun.
Am I in the wrong to not want to be kept up by bf's gaming?
I [20F] have never had a "good" relationship and can't tell if I like guy I'm dating [21M]
(25 F) having trouble getting my feelings straight for someone and appreciating their friendship.
Age gap couple. Love each other but just can't seem to make it work.
I (24M) really don't know how to deal with my mother's (59F) and sister's (21F) battles.
My best friend wants me in his wedding, but I don’t even want to attend.
My(19F) coworker(18F) is in an abusive relationship and I feel powerless, what should I do?
How do I deal with my 31m] boyfriend who is lazy and jobless ?
I [M21] don't know how to move forward with my fiancé [F21]
He went from talking to me to blocking me. Any possible reasons why?
How to apologize
I am (M30) is mentally obsessed with my married friend (F30) and it is causing issues with my wife (F30)
My GF (28 F) of 1.5 months broke up with me (34 M) now because I'm moving out of the country 4 MONTHS LATER.
Did we make a bad decision?
How to apologize
How can I get my (M30) partner (M35) to show affection directly instead of indirectly through teasing and horseplay?
Age gap couple. Love each other but just can't seem to make it work.
How to apologize
My friend’s (34F) husband (42M) is ruining our business and leaving me (32F) in a lurch
My GF (28 F) of 1.5 months broke up with me (34 M) now because I'm moving out of the country 4 MONTHS LATER.
23F and 24M need help getting away from toxic friend 24?M
Age Gap couple. Love each other but just can't seem to make it work.
He went from talking to me to blocking me? Asking if there’s any possible reason why?
How to apologize
Almost had the police at our door AGAIN last night. No more. I'm getting the fuck out.
I made my friend angry then I really wanted to apologize but he blocked my contact and also he doesn't want to hear anything from me anymore. I've tried to apologize in any ways, but he is still ignoring. Can you recommend me how to apology my friend with many thanks?
Update:My (24f) girlfriend told me not to forget her on our vacation
Age gap couple. We love each other but just can't seem to make it work.
My girlfriend of 1.5 months broke up with me NOW because I'm moving out of the country 4 MONTHS LATER.
I (F18) don't know how to handle a situation with my BF (M19) who isn't ambitious and has a controlling mom.
I (F18) don't know how to carry on in my relationship with my boyfriend (M19) due to his lack of ambition and his controlling mom.
My (19f) sister (26f) is upset because some people said I looked good in the dress I wore to her wedding as she felt it took the attention away from her. Help?
Frustration Over Food Preferences
I'm [20sF] afraid I've ruined my sex life with my fiance [20sM]
My bf(16m) is becoming more selfish and possessive and i(16f) dont know if I should give another chance
I (24F) am dating a guy (24M). He keeps masturbating to porn in front of me although I send him nude photos and videos (he appreciates them using a few words as he's not very expressive). Should I be offended?
My (31M) spouse (29F) keeps trying to spy on me / generally doesn't trust me
My [23M] Boyfriend's Mom [50F] and Sister [34F] Are Making Me [23F] Reconsider Dating My Boyfriend
My bf (16m) is getting more possessive and selfish in the relationship but I (16f) don’t know if I should end it or give him another chance
Precum Pregnancy?
Precum Pregnancy?
Caught my boyfriend cheating?
Fun love
I'm too attached to my toxic ex girlfriend 19M 19F
23F and 24M need helping with toxic friend 24M
(17M & 17F) What does "I need some time" really mean?
Frustration Over Food Preferences
Dumpers
My mom (F41) And I (M14) are having disagreements (Repost)
This guy (29M) who I guess is a fwb introduced himself as my boyfriend to my (21F) coworkers and everything is too confusing
My (23F) Boyfriend (23M) is Jealous of My Success?
Wife [39f] is blaming my daughter [20f] and I [44m] for her child's [14f] condition. We can't seem to talk about this without arguments. How else can I approach this?
Update: My (24f) girlfriend told me not to forget her on our vacation
What does "I need some time" really mean?
My (M28) girlfriend (24) thrives on “Boomer Humor” and it’s a little annoying
INSPIRATION
Guy (27/M) was sexting me (28/F). One weekend later he tells me he's now seeing someone. Should I tell the girl he's now supposedly seeing?
My mom has a HUGE issue with how my girlfriend(25F) and I(26M) are raising our son(9)
Unwanted
Unwanted
Inspiration for good sex
My girlfriend (F28) keeps escalating relationship way before I’m (M24) ready
I (22m) am struggling to get over (22f) who wasn't my girlfriend - is this normal?
I' m tired
I (22m) am struggling to get over (22f) who wasn't my girlfriend - is this normal?
Dating during the Quarantine
29F[RELATIONSHIP] looking for someone who is as Bored as me yet Canny
How do I (29F) move on from a deceitful ex (29M)?
[23m] virgin never had a relationship
[23m] virgin never been in relationship
[m23] virgin never been in relationship
My sad story: what is the best way to seek help for a relationship in your opinion? Therapy? Couple therapy? Friends? Reddit? Parents?
Everytime i have to tell something to my mother she makes everything really complicated
GF (28) wants full blown marriage and commitment from me (24) after only a year and a half.
Male dumpers
Male dumpers
Please help me, is he still cheating
3 yrs dating = anger issues?
How to get my girlfriend to lose weight and embrace a healthier lifestyle without pushing her away
SHOULD I TEXT HER ??
I (22F) still have trust issues with my boyfriend (20M)
, ; Be sure to explain in detail with line breaks. --- **tl;dr**: Mandatory summary/question!
Have you ever thought that he/she was the one, spent so much time in pain not being able to grieve your past relationship, thought you would miss them forever, and finally, now you're doing super great ?
Cute boy
I (34F) found my boyfriends(32M) of 2yrs drugs
I 23M want to take a break from my 24F girlfriend
My sad story and the word of caution
SHOULD I TEXT HER??
I (22F) still have trust issues with my boyfriend (20M)
Last night I [F/27] outed my half sister [F/23] to her mother
Am I being selfish by leaving my anxious boyfriend?
How do I get over the idea of my (28/f) bf (32) cheating?
My sad story and the word of caution
I (22M) am really said over a (22F) who wasn't my girlfriend, is this normal?
I (22M) am really said over a (22F) who wasn't my girlfriend, is this normal?
Is it normal to feel sad about a girl who wasn't your girlfriend?
looking for new friends
My boyfriend broke up with me
How to get over the idea of my (28/f) bf 32) cheating?
Happy vs Contented
My ex(21f) told me (19m) something while we were together and I think I'm scarred for life. How do I forget about it?
How do you get over the idea of cheating?
My (28m) gf (22f) says she was never infatuated with me
My ex (21f) told me (19m) something while we were together and I think I'm scarred for life. How can I forget about it?
Can I (F19) save this friendship with my BFF(F19)?
My Gf(20F) is being extra nice and appreciating me(20M) more out of the blue. Is she cheating?
My Gf(20F) is being extra nice and appreciating me(20M) more out of the blue. Is she cheating?
Why would a girl [22F] completely ghost me [24M] after she literally told me word for word that she "definitely wants to see me again"?
Bfs (25m) friends heard a lot of secret stuff about my (25f) life, what to do
Bfs (25m) heard a lot of intimate stuff about my (25f) past, what to do?
My coworker (F21) unfriended me(F20) on social media for no reason.
Girlfriend accused me of being ‘shady’ for tagging a female friend I knew at uni in something on IG
My (F22) boyfriend (M18) was looking at nudes of ex, then moved out after I confronted him about it
Are you being manipulated or the toxic one?
[M35] When\where can i find a soulmate?
My (F22) boyfriend (M18) was looking at nudes of ex, then moved out after I confronted him about it
Too offended or intolerant of intolerance?
I (M/22) have a complicated feeling to an Erasmus exchange student (M/23) and he is leaving soon. Plus being under lock down because of corona virus.
Can’t stop having dreams of my ex.
I (M/22) have a complicated feeling with an Exchange student (M/23) and he is leaving soon. Plus being under lock-down because of Corona virus.
My boyfriend of 11 months [M 30] has me [F 38] worried because he just dropped out of college for the 4th time.
My (31F) brother (43M) is never there for me when he’s drunk half the time
Too offended or intolerant of intolerance?
Too offended or intolerant of intolerance?
Mother (30f) of my (48m) son (5m) won’t let him meet my family
24 former cheerleader virgin dating baseball finance guy. Sex? Virgin? The talk
no experience with relationships
Are my thoughts warranted or?
My ex-fiancé (37M) and I (26F) are on a lease but he tried to kick me out multiple times.
[25M] Ex boyfriend's new girlfriend [18F] is not right for him.
Dealing with unmotivated roommate while all working from home and social isolating.
?
I constantly think I'm too much to handle
Dealing with roommate that just doesn't 'vibe' with me. How can I get through another month of working from home and social distancing?
I don't love my parents
[M27] Consciously thinking about not being faithful to [F27]
I (33f) old my husband (40m) I was unhappy. He flew off the deep end.
[25M] Ex boyfriend has new girlfriend [18F] who isn't right for him.
My (19F) relationship (20M) is suffering, due to prolonged isolation. How to resolve, or at least cope?
BF (26 M) accuses me of getting mad because he bought cake for his sister (20F) and not for me (26F)
M[24] being too jealous of F[21]
M[24] Being too jealous of gf
How to arouse a girl so that she can fap to me? What should I tell her as she faps on a video call?
My Mother thinks my life is hers
[long post] whenever me (16F) and my brother (13M) fight my father (45M) tells us he's going to leave us/kill himself
I (20m) cant get over my gfs age(21f)
My (f26) relationship (m39) is so unfulfilling
Not jealous, but...
ex boyfriend has a new girlfriend who isn't right for him
How can I prepare myself to end things with someone I love so much?
My (F26) relationship with partner (M39) is so unfulfilling
Caught fiancé in bed with our friend
How can I prepare myself to breakup with my boyfriend?
How to move on from a breakup?
How do you move on from a breakup?
How do you prepare yourself for a breakup?
[25M] Ex boyfriend as new girlfriend [18F] who isn't right for him
How do you move on from a break up?
Is breaking up with someone over their lack of depth or intelligence acceptable?
My wife wants me to put up a fence.
How to arouse a girl so that she can fap to me? What should I tell her as she faps on a video call?
Heartbroken but I (F20) caused it??
Wife wants me to put up a fence.
My boyfriend (20M) is constantly failing exams and I (19F) don’t know what to do
Wife wants me to put up a fence.
Is it weird that I [24F] can’t get over my ex [28M] and want to find out if he is fine even if I walked in on him having sex with another woman?
My girlfriend (27F) is a workaholic. I feel like this will impact our relationship a lot.
Am I (17F) overreacting my boyfriend's actions (19M)?
Lonely soul
Boyfriend doesn't try to have sex with me anymore
I (M19) don’t know what I want with my (F18)
Is it bad to sleep with an ex?
My (32m) bf doesn’t want me to (19f) to sell pics/vide of my feet
Me [27F] with my SO[29 M], just started dating. says he likes me but he feels blocked
My boyfriend can't stop lying about a certain girl
I already miss my fiancée.
How to arouse a girl so that she can fap to me? What should I tell her as she faps on a video call?
I (18F) love my boyfriend (20M), but I don't know if the relationship is the right thing for the both of us. Please Help?
I (20F) asked my longtime crush (20M) on a group outing and I’m wondering if this is a good sign that he may like me back?
I love my boyfriend, but I don't know if the relationship is the right thing for the both of us. Please Help?
I already miss my fiancée.
My bf used to be my rebound but he isn't anymore. Should I tell him?
My (F26) boyfriend (27M) and I moved into a new place and are having problems with our neighbor’s (F30’s) child (F 4-6ish?)
Advice needed!!! I’m 19M and she’s 19F
My boyfriend used to be a rebound but now he's not. Should I tell him?
Partner F40 or two years says "I will say what I damn well want!" during argument M26
What did he [M/21] want with me [F/21]? I’m going crazy lmao
**TL;DR;** : This is a sample summary of the TLDR rule, I've been going back and forth with my ex gf as I grow more attached to her.
I (29F) am considering a relationship with a guy who's 19, but I feel a bit guilty about it.
Should I(25F) allow my sister (23F) to tell my mother (59F) that my Dad (61M) has been "chatting" with other women?
My [21/M] girlfriend [25/F] of 3 months lied about sleeping with our coworker [26/M] before we started dating.
Jealous of my (25F) BF’s (25M) relationship with his family
My relationship went toxic and having a hard time breaking it off
My Boyfriend Only Seems T Want Blowjobs
I (29f) am considering a relationship with a guy who's 19, and I feel pretty guilty about it.
I (18F) think one of my friends is a narcissist (18M).
My Boyfriend Only Seems To Want Blowjobs
Jealous of my (25F) boyfriend’s (25M) relationship with his family
Disscussing sexual activity via Chat, yes or no?
My (23M) Ex GF (23F) Wants me back after a very rocky 4 year relationship, need to get this all off my chest.
I (23F) want to shave my head but my SO(25M) said he couldn’t be in a relationship with a “man”
I’m (20F) going to try and woo the socks off of the guy (20M) I’ve liked since high school.
Nagging feeling that my (28M-24F-8month) otherwise perfect relationship is not right but I have a history of abuse/anxiety so feel like I'm self sabotaging
I (23F) want to shave my head but SO(25M) said he will be disgusted by me.
What should I do next?
How do you get over an agonising breakup
My ex bf(30) and I are trying to figure out how to continue our relationship
My family is infantilizing me(15M).
Disscussing sexual activity via Chat, yes or no?
how do you get over an agonising breakup
Will she forgive me?
M[27] find girlfriend
I [M19] am at a lost with my girlfriend [F21]
I miss the memories with my ex but not the person he is now
I [20f] love my boyfriend but fantasize about being single
I [M19] feeling very lost with my girlfriend [F21]
Advice needed!!!
My [25F] girlfriend [23F] keeps worrying that I’m losing interest in her, but I’m not
Not sure what to do next
My White BF doesn’t like my natural hair
My boyfriend gets upset when I don’t agree to sexual stuff
Me [23f] Dealing with a breakup after being cheated on.
My White BF Doesn’t Like my Natural Hair
Does my best friend like me? I don’t know if she likes me or is just a really close friend.
Insecure about how my (27/M) relationship started with her )30/F)
STI Experience? How to move past the shame. (21F)
My (f30) boyfriend (m30) has a group of friends who dislike me because of ex-girlfriend
‘I appreciate you’ ?!
Me [22 M] with my girlfriend [20 F] of 1.5 years, I spat in her face
I [20f] love my boyfriend but I fantasize about being single
My boyfriend (M32) is not following through on a stipulation I (F28) made and he agreed to.
Is my boyfriend being manipulative??
Losing attraction for my long term BF?
Recently married and wish i wasnt.
Is my bf being manipulative?
Does my friend like me?
I broke-up with my boyfriend because of hes mental health.
What did he [M/21] want with me [F/21]? I’m going crazy
Im recently married and kinda wish I wasnt
My friends boyfriend is terrible and now she’s pregnant
Shitty life
¿Any of you have met the ex of that person with whom you are flirting who is a typical jerk?
I’m starting to find my boyfriend boring
Help Please
shitty life
Help Please
I (23f) have trouble feeling love from my bf (25m) even though he tells me he loves me.
Finally got the closure I needed
LDR Bf texting his rebound from our break up(now we are back together)
How do I [28F] talk to my new boyfriend [29M] about money?
I don’t feel the same about my ldr bf anymore, should I break up?
My [29F] boyfriend [32M] of nine months just asked for space
Should I [21F] reach out to my close guy friend [21M] who is going through a rough time or give him his space?
Help Please
Should I [21F] reach out to my close guy friend [21M] who is going through hard times or give him space?
Some advice?
My boyfriend has a problem taking pills
I feel like my relationship hit a brick wall...
Is it wrong for me (20M) to be bothered by gf (21F) lying to me but opening up to her friend about how she felt about sex?
Shitshow
My ex reached out??
Do I (20M) have a right to be bothered by my gf (21F) opening up to her friend but lying to me about sex?
My [25F] fiance’s [24M] ex girlfriend and mother of his daughter [26F] asked me to give her family and daughter back, how should I respond?
Is it right for me to be bothered by gf lying to me but opening up to friend about sex?
Friends [29M, 28F, 26M] who live together don’t get along and I don’t want to have to pick sides.
I [M20] met a girl [F28] in Mexico on vacation and it turned into something way more than a hookup but the odds are completely stacked against us
Friends [29M, 28F and 26M] having roommate issues and I always have to hear about it.
I [M20] met a girl [F28] in Mexico on vacation and it turned into something way more than a hookup but the odds are completely stacked against us
I [22F] think I hurt my boyfriend's [30M] feelings....
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) has a problem with taking pills
How to Compliment a Younger Woman
Bf [27M] is having an emotional "affair" with an online friend [19NB]
EX GF
How do I (27F) tell my boyfriend (27M) that I don't want him to do drugs (besides weed), while hes dating me? Is my request too much?
How do I honestly get over somebody?
I want to become a sex surrogate. My boyfriend won't let me.
How often is too often? [21M, 21F]
I (16F) have feelings for my taken friend (16F)
Bf [27M] is having an emotional "affair" with an online friend [19NB]
My dad(60M) likes my brother(17M) more and I don't know how to approach him.
I think I hurt my boyfriend's feelings :(
My boyfriend has a problem taking pills
My Dad(60M) Likes My Brother(16M) More than Me
How have you and your partner gotten over lies?
My ex (20M) reached out to me (19F) after two months NC. What should I do?
Suspected cheater
Moving on from toxic relationship
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) can’t forgive me for something that happened before we were dating.
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) and i call each other out when one is not acting right. Is this toxic/name calling/verbally abusive?
Did I make the right choice leaving my bf?
Does a pornstar have a right to feel jealous when husband looks/likes other nude women?
My ex (20M) reached out to me (19F) after two months NC. What do you think his intentions are?
My friend's[21F] Aunt is dying
Why do I feel this way?
Why do I feel this way?
Bf (m 29) lost feelings for me (25 f) after 9 yrs. What now??
[M:23 and F:19] - Is it wrong/weird for me to check my girlfriend of 1 year's snapchat score?
I love my girlfriend more than she loves me
Bf (29) has no feelings for me (f 25) after 9 yrs. What now??
My boyfriend (23M) does not want to get married or have kids, while I (22F) do.
My (17f) friends' (18x, 17m) relationship is starting to get toxic for all of us and i dont know what to do
Relationship issues with bf (43) stuck in isolation together, not sure I (39F) can take much more.
I don’t know why, but whenever I admit to myself I have a crush on someone, I feel like I get awkward around them. Is this normal? How do I keep from feeling this way?
My boyfriend doesn’t want to get married or have kids.
Saying goodbye to my best friend non romantic
I’m in a relationship that has an extinct bedroom
My (F27) partner (M31) of 2 years is affectionate (lots of pecks on the cheek, cuddles, hand holding), but doesn't express any sensuality. Feeling confused and hurt
Being a mother?
Do women enjoy intercourse?
I (18F) have been pushing my best friend away (18M) because I can’t cope with my own feelings
Why wouldn't he (19M) block/delete an ex (20F) he dumped on social media? (1 year relationship)
Should I (21/F) stop seeing him (26/M)?
I found out that my bf's friend (mid-20sM) cheated on his girlfriend (mid-20sF) with one of my friends
I (18F) have been pushing my best friend (17M) away because I developed feelings for him.
My (18, M) Girlfriend (19, F) wants to convert to Islam, to stay together with me. She is Jewish.
I can’t get over my boyfriend (24M) cheating on me with his friend
I (22F) have been with my boyfriend (26M) for 3 years and he is the only person I’ve been with. I’m worried that later in life I’ll regret not dating anyone else.
My (27F) boyfriend (23M) finally admitted that the time when he was CONSTANTLY losing his erections for over a year, a part of it was the fact that he was watching big tits in porn, hence he wasn't aroused enough with my small tits. I dont know how to move on from this
He gives me mixed signals, does he like me?
How to stop my (31F) SIL (27F) from posting photos of my kids (3F 5F) on social media
I can’t stop think about the girls my boyfriend (24M) cheated on me with
Why do I (20F) struggle with maintaining relationships?
How to get SIL (27F) to stop sneakily posting photos of my (31F) kids (3F 5F)
How to confront SIL (27F) (who I am stuck in isolation with) over continuing to sneakily post photos of my (31F) kids (3F and 5F) on her social media without permission.
Relationship issues with bf (43) stuck in isolation together, not sure I (39F) can take much more.
Why wouldn't he (19M) block/delete an ex (20F) he dumped on social media?
I [F28] just recently reconnected with a guy [M29] I dated for a couple of months last year, soon after breaking up with another guy earlier this year.
How old is too old for me to be dating? (20y/o dating age range)
Saying goodbye to a Best Friend
I (20f) feel like my boyfriend (21m) is lying to me about his ring not fitting.
Is this considered cheating?
My (18, M) Girlfriend (19, F) wants to convert to Islam, to stay together with me. She is Jewish.
my [f21] boyfriend [m28] does some possibly toxic things like asking me to move in with her them taking the offer back after I’ve told my landlord I’m leaving
A guy from tinder hmu [F19] and I got left on read after a week and a half of talking
Do you expect your SO to match you gift amount?
I (21F) really want to get my partner (26M) back.
GF(22F) says she needs space for 3 days from me (30M), what should I do?
I (21F) really want to get my partner (26M) back.
I (21F) really want to get my partner (26M) back
My boyfriend said that he wished he was gay. [Me-23F, Boyfriend-23M]
Can someone help me dissect my life (20F)
What should I do?
My ex-friend (17F) who was very toxic is trying to ruin my (17F) reputation because I told my friends about how she treated me. Am I in the wrong?
4 Year Anniversary Coming Up, Any Suggestions for an At-Home Celebration?
My (20F) Mom (50) constantly comments on my relationship with my boyfriend (20M)
24 Virgin Cheerleader talking to former baseball captain, previously player. Sex? Virgin? The talk
(F/24) Is it okay to be insecure knowing marriage won’t be a thing in the future? (M/32) Is it that big of a deal?
GF says she needs space for 3 days, what does that means?
I (22F) need advice on how to text and (possibly) comfort a friend (27M) who's going through something
I'm a shy person [F19] and I can't open up which is costing me this potential relationship
I [42F] am not dealing with a new step-family well. My ex is on their 3rd marriage and my teens suddenly have a step-family after only knowing these people 2 months. I'm really unhappy about it.
A friend just commented that my sister is clearly the favorite.
A friend just commented that my sister is clearly the favorite.
My (33f) partner (36m) downplays his libido but watches fetish porn daily
My wife is a terrible cook, it causes arguments, and I can't take it anymore.
Flatmate started dating someone at the start of covid-19 and has been lying to us about it.
Perhaps baseless but I'm not dealing with a new step-family well. My teens suddenly have a step-family after only knowing these people about 2 months. I'm really unhappy about it and I don't want them to grow up thinking this was a wise move by their other parent (my ex).
I (33F) pushed my (37M)boyfriend of 6 years tonight. Am I the problem?
24 yr old virgin talking to former baseball captain, previously player. Sex? Virgin? The talk? Will I scare him away
My (23F) Boyfriend (23M) and I have been together 2.5 years and we never talk about our futures... should I be concerned?
Why didn’t he invite me?
My ex (20M) reached out to me (19F) after two months NC. What do you think his intentions are?
My (31F) husband of a year (34M) sometimes makes me feel guilty about needing attention when I am sick, especially if he is busy with other things.
Why didn’t he invite me?
My wife is a terrible cook, it causes arguments, and I can't take it anymore.
Flatmate just disclosed he's been seeing someone secretly during covid-19 and lying to us about it
I’m jealous of my friend and I’m looking for some advice of how to get over it
Me [19F] and my mom [45F] became poor today and don't know what to do
My (33F) partner (36M) watches an excessive amount of fetish porn but downplays his libido
Contemplating my relationship after ongoing issue with my boyfriends ‘friendship’ with his work colleague
Being stuck in a bad mood [21M, 20F]
New girlfriend wants kids, not sure I do.
My (23F) boyfriend (26M) doesn’t stick to the schedule we set for phone calls
I [F28] just recently reconnected with a guy [M29] I dated for a couple of months last year, briefly after breaking up with a guy earlier this year.
Might be falling out of love/be out of love with bf after newly moving in (30f and 32m)
How can I [25F] help my bf [25M] open up more about his feelings?
should I stay or should I go?
Please help
How do I (20 F) breakup with bf (23 M) when we share a friend group?
I (M20) am unsure whether she is relationship material (19F)
Sausage party
[UPDATE] I'm (M19) in love with my best friend (F18) but she's dating someone.
Struggling to get over a toxic breakup and toxic relationship. Need help
Are there some people that just naturally rub us the wrong way
My mom cheated on my dad a year ago, and I can't get over it.
May have fallen out of love with bf after several bad incidents since I moved in a couple weeks ago (30f and 32m)
I [27F] am I upset because my [29M] child’s father left my child [3M] in the tub alone after I asked him to watch him
told someone how i feel!!
[UPDATE] I'm (M19) in love with my best friend (F18) but she's dating someone.
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) of six months just lost his internship because of quarentine. How can I support him?
told someone how i felt!!
Feeling like you are stuck in a bad mood
I [24F] haven't told my parents that I'm living with my boyfriend [23M]. Advice?
Is my [38F] friendship over because I said some things not even directed towards him [34M]?
Monster in law....I mean mother in law
Do I need to justify it for the rest of my life?
How to help sister in law and niece
GF [19F] broke up with me saying she "stopped loving me [21M]" but sends mixed messages
Boyfriend doesn't believe in love (M - 28, F - 25)
I (21F) don’t know how to slow down my relationship
My girlfriend (30F) found my (23M) porn search history. Doesn’t think I am attracted to her anymore.
How do I [25F] leave my partner [29M] of three years when I’m stuck in quarantine with him and have been trying to leave for the past two years?
I (F 22) just permanently broke up with my abusive boyfriend (M 22) of three years and I’m devastated
Please help I’m anxious and scared
I [F27] cheated on my boyfriend [M30] 2 years ago. How do I tell him?
Should I rat out a married cheater?
He doesn't believe in love?
I’m honestly afraid I’ll never be in a relationship.
I (21F) don’t know how to slow down my new relationship
I (44f) can’t get my husband (36m) to understand my fear.
I [27] sabotaged my relationship with my boyfriend [23M] to the point where he ended it, and now I regret it.
I’m honestly afraid that I’ll never be in a relationship.
I don’t know how to slow down my relationship
My girlfriend (30F) found my (23M) porn search history. Now doesn’t think I am attracted to her.
How do I [22M] find a balance between lowering my standards but also being happy with what may from it?
My (20F) boyfriend (25M) refuses to delete / hide pictures of his ex on his online profile
I [F27] cheated on my partner [M30] two years ago. How do I tell him?
I deleted a bunch of naked photos of my bf’s ex off of his cloud
Telling Her I Have Feelings For Her. Advice Needed!!
"Everyday you work for him drives us further apart." My [26/M] girlfriend [21/F] of a year to me.
Should I rat out a married cheater?
How do I break up with someone who has no idea that it's coming?
Need advice. I (30F) found transgender escorts added as friends on my boyfriend’s Venmo account.
Need advice. I (30F) found transgender escorts added as friends on my boyfriend’s (46M) Venmo account.
My girlfriend (30F) found my (23M) porn search history. Now doesn’t think I am attracted to her.
My (25M) girlfriend's (24F) childhood dog (16M) was put down a month ago and now she won't do doggystyle anymore?
I'm [25m] being bullied by my community [5&up, m&f] due to a genetic condition and I dont know how to make it stop.
Sleep
I (23M) get jealous when my GF (23F) texts or chats with other guys
Is 58 too old!
Friendships always just seem so one way
Am I (26F) wrong for questioning my friend's (30F) character for not taking coronavirus seriously and hooking up with a guy who has been traveling?
Just like that, she’s gone [26M, 24F]
I [18f] am worried that my friend [17f] might have abusive parents and I’m not sure what to do.
My girlfriend found my porn search history. Now doesn’t think I am attracted to her.
My boyfriend (M22) is being distant
Am I (41M) right to be annoyed at my FWB (36F) for ditching me for another guy when we already discussed weekend plans?
[25] female help ! Don’t know if I should text first to my ex or should I let him
I (23M) get jealous of my GF (23F) when she texts guys or chats with them. How to overcome this?
[23/f] A co-worker of mine made a pass at me, but i wasn't interested. Now i feel things are gonna be awkward when we go back to work. And i feel like i led him on.
My boyfriend [M22] is being distant
My bf yelled at me when I was trying to help him?
Who's toxic in this friendship?
I [M30] am unsure if I should propose to my gf [F24] while we do counciling.
My boyfriend (M22) is being distant
How do I let go/start moving forward?
How do I let go/start moving forward?
dating with ptsd
My [30M] girlfriend [29F] can't get beyond surface-level conversation with me, and I'm starting to feel alone.
I [18f] am worried that my friend [17f] has abusive parents and I’m not sure what to do.
Relationships - Surgery / Corona Virus
Friendship advice for a girl in college?
Kinda at Odds - Corornavirus/Surgery
I (19f) have trouble building meaningful friendships.
quarantined with lying boyfriend with asian fetish TL;DR!
I (28F) recently found my boyfriend (30M) once punched an ex-girlfriend
TL;DR! quarantined with a lying boyfriend w/ an asian fetish
My (27F) Husband (30M) Is So Depressed About Being Furloughed From His Job
quarantined with a lying boyfriend who admits to fetishizing asians
My boyfriend(22m) becomes very mean to me(21f) when he is hungry.
love
I (28F) recently found my boyfriend (30M) once punched an ex-girlfriend
I (26m) get very anxious and I can't understand how my current dating partner (24m) actually feels about me because I don't think he communicates very well.
quarantined with a lying boyfriend who admits to fetishizing asians
Should I (23F) tell my boyfriend (22M) im depressed?
Long distance help
Help my boyfriend [20sM] and I [20sF] have sex life while apart
Choosing between parents or girlfriend
NSFW Two days ago my bf (34M) and I (24F) sexted for the first time, and he hasn't talked to me since...?
My mother (56F) is so mean and throws a fit every time I (25F) leave the house.
It’s my boyfriends birthday tomorrow, how do I make him feel special?
Choosing between parents and girlfriend
Seeking couples who need to reignite~
Partner (45M) keeps ringing me (36F) during the day whenever something goes wrong
Love
My boyfriend's [30M] best friend [25F] HATES me [20F] and I am at my wit's end
Ways to connect with SO during quarantine?
How do I (20f) heal from a narcissist? (20m)
My boyfriend's [30M] female best friend [25F] HATES me [20F] and I'm at my wits end
My neighbor caught me “playing” with myself and I feel extremely guilty about it, should I go apologize about it?
I [23F] despise some of the people in my fiance's [26M] gaming/friendgroup
My GF (F26) and I (M26) have “broken” up but are dating exclusive again. Should we move on or do this again but the right way.
I found his ex's nudes on his phone
My (F40) boyfriend (M40) says he doesn't want to hurt or lose me but he is struggling to find away to include me in his life due to being a single parent in these difficult times
Partner (45M) keeps ringing me (36F) during the day whenever something goes wrong
I [23F] can't stand some of my fiance's [26M] friendgroup/gaming buddies
[24M] trying to win back ex [24F] of 2 years
My (21F) bf (25M) is an addict, has lied, and done everything possible to make our relationship irreparable. I’ll Never trust him again. I resent him but love him and cant leave.
I [23F] loathe some of the disgusting people my fiance [26M] is friends with
I [23F] absolutely hate my fiance's [26M] friend group
My (F40) boyfriend (M40) says he doesn't want to hurt or lose me but he is struggling to find away to include me in his life due to being a single parent in these difficult times
I (27F) know my boyfriend (38M) wants to leave me, but he has nowhere to go and we are supposed to shelter in place.
[24M] trying to wing back an ex [24F]
My partner cheated on me
My girlfriend (24f) wants an open relationship
Im getting relatipnship advice from my ex and would like ANYONE else's opinon.
Love
Does anyone feel like it’s so weird and forced whenever your friends try and set you up with people?
My (M24) Fiance (M20) Just Left Me (Temporarily?)
I'm [24F] getting relationship advice for my BF [28M] from my ex [28M] and need literally ANYONE else's advice....
My (M24) Fiance (F20) of 4 Years Just Left Me (Temporarily?)
My (F40) boyfriend (M40) says he doesnt want to hurt or lose me but he is struggling to to find away to include me in his life due to being a single parent in these difficult times
Could this be sustainable in the future?
My Girlfriend [17F] Kissed 2 Other Guys Before She Was “Official” With Me [17M]
HELP: Longterm boyfriend (M25) of 5 years “isn’t ready for marriage”
Longterm boyfriend (M25) of 5 years “isn’t ready for marriage”
Could this be sustainable in the future?
Roommate Advice Much Needed!
It wasn’t the depression, I just don’t like babies, but my wife wants more.
Longterm boyfriend (M25) of 5 years “isn’t ready for marriage”
Friend/Roommate (C-26F) is causing tension with my sister/roommate (26F) & I (27F)
Need some tips with finding a FWB relationship
Friend/Roommate (B-26F) is causing tension with my sister/roommate (A-26F) & I (27F)
Literally have no idea what happened to the woman I married
I [23M] need advice with ex [23F]
My Gf Kissed Another Guy Before We Were “Official”
My [36M] wife [32] decided to take my daughter [14] to 3 separate large stores in the last 30 minutes during lockdown.
My (23M) wife (24F) is getting upset at the fact I sleep during the day, and it’s starting to become annoying.
My (23M) wife (24F) is getting upset at the fact I sleep during the day, and it’s starting to become annoying.
Is something happening between me and my ex?
Help! Pulling away but still text. Why?
Bf lashes out on me over a question, even though I was/am sick with Covid19
Should I (30M) call CPS on my brother (23M) and his girlfriend (22F)?
Bf lashes out on me over a question, even though I was/am sick with Covid19
Help! Pulling away but still text me. Why?
I (29F) didn’t tell my ex (29F) I cheated, now we’re friends
My (19F) crush (18F) claims to be stright, still makes out with me, I don't know what to do
My [F/24] fiance [M/26] constantly makes me feel like shit..
I [19M] having trouble dealing with the fact that my friend [19F] doesn't like me in the way that I like her
I (21M) barely have sex with my girlfriend (20F) and want to break up with her because of it but I don’t know how
What was he [M/21] looking for with me [F/21]? I’m so confused
Am I Being Too Needy in my Relationship?
I (28F) didn’t tell my ex (28F) that I cheated, then we became friends
I [22F] found out [30M] coworker I’ve been seeing has a girlfriend! Now I'm being gossiped about at work and feeling depressed. What do I do?
I (21M) feel like I should break up with my girlfriend (20F) but i don’t even know where to begin
Shshsjs
Stuck Inside with a Wild Love Story that Needs to Get Out? NOW CASTING!
I need someone's opinion
Relationship feels like it’s on the rocks (Male 21 female 20)
Why do I still talk to my rapist?
I(M25) took revenge of my GF(23), and I feel guilty and don't know what to do.
Why do I still talk to my rapist?
I need someone's opinion
(18M) How do I cut ties with this relationship?
My (25F) boyfriend (23M) left home because of a suggestion
I need help deciding if I want to stay with her
Is it possible that my ex is regrowing attraction for me?
Should I (30M) call CPS on my brother(23M) and his girlfriend(22F)
I LOVE YOU
What does he want? (25m) broke up with me (25f) over the phone, but I am confused.
How can my Gf (21F) and I (21M) make our -- pandemic forced -- long-distance relationship more exciting?
My fiancé and I had a huge argument today and I’m not sure how much more I can handle. Please help!
Found out coworker I’ve been seeing has a girlfriend. Being gossiped about at work and feel depressed. Wondering if I was used. Help
My girlfriend (24f) wants an open relationship
Fiancé (M 21) and I (F 21) had a major argument today and I’m not sure how much I can take. Please help!
Did my FWB catch feelings?
How would you handle being conned for six years unknowingly? [26/F][29/M]
5 year break up
IAMA M[23] who is interested in my best friend's girlfriend's best friend F[22]
IAMA M[23] who is interested in my best friend's girlfriend's best friend F[21] Help pls?
me [21M ] is ignored by my girlfriend [2 1F ]
I have feelings for my best friend, and don’t know how to approach it
Relationship feels like it’s on the rocks
Me[21M] i want to chat with GF[21F] but its always me who initiate and whenever i initiate she leaves me hanging by saying "gotta go for studies"
My girlfriend (24f) wants an open relationship
Messing around with my best friends sister ???
My boss deliberately ignores me
My (20F) boyfriends (25M) Mom (55F) says she doesnt want me around for holidays anymore.
Coworker’s two immediate family members died from covid-19, what do I say as an intern?
Is being platonic in love a thing because I think I'm experiencing that?
Husband messages other women
Coworker’s two immediate family members passed away from covid-19, what do I say as an intern?
Should birth control be a determining factor into becoming official?
My boyfriend (M24) of 1.5 years "broke up with me"(f23) over the phone after 1.5 years
UPDATE: My girlfriend (24f) wants an open relationship
I (18M) think I'm losing contact with a girl (18F) I'm talking with
What would you think of a relationship between a 22-year-old woman and 27-year-old man where it was the woman's first relationship?
My husband (28M) and I (27F) are at odds over work ethic
I(29M) found out my partner(27F) is having an affair, what should I do?
Ex (27m) got married and I (26f) don’t know how to feel.
My boyfriend (M30) and I (F29) broke up but are still living together.
What the FUCK do I do.
My (F19) mom (F52) doesn’t want to spent time with me
Husband messages other women alot
How to help best friend that isn’t over his ex?
Should my husbands brother come live with us?
My(f18) bf(m18) constantly forgets to call me
UPDATE: My girlfriend (24f) wants an open relationship
How to help best friend that isn’t over his ex?
Should i send the message? (I’m 15) (He’s 16)
I need some advice
Sharing isn’t always caring...
I’ve fallen out of love with my boyfriend of 3.5 years
For months, my roommate's cooking has smelled very acidic. Now, I know why. Should I speak to him?
What the fuck do I do?
Asking Her to Be My Girlfriend. Help!!
What's the most painful thing you've been told from an ex?
Feels like I was emotionally abused?
What's the most painful thing you've been told from an ex?
Bf and I (26, 27) had a bad video chat and have not talked since it happened (NSFW)
What can I do
I can’t stop thinking about it (F 16) (M 16)
How can I get my bf to understand my social anxiety?
Feels like I was emotionally abused?
How can I get my bf to understand and respect my anxiety.
Should I accept my bio moms friend request and talk to her again?
I love my dad but he incessantly repeats things and its driving me crazy
I (22F)work full-time hours and have the most knowledge/responsibilities at work, but my boss 40sM) is giving me the companies COVID support package for part-timers. How do I request he reconsider?
I just hate myself
My long term boyfriend isn’t making me happy anymore
My long-term boyfriend isn’t making me happy anymore
M23 F23. Broke up with a great girl, Will I regret?
Caught my boyfriend sexting his ex-girlfriend, she's on social media bragging about it, and I feel like a colossal failure.
Women, would you date a men's rights activist?
Who else had been accused of being a stalker?
My bestfriend made no effort to reach out after I ghosted her
Coronavirus Saved my marriage?
Tell stranger their partner is on a dating app?
My bestfriend made no effort to reach out after I ghosted her
25M) had a fwb relation with a girl i met through friends. we have so much in common but she doesnt want to see me, because she thinks i'm just like other boys trying to go through and leave, what am i suppose to do now?
Tell stranger their partner is on a dating app?
I (F23) can’t seem to connect to anyone or form friendships anymore
Tell stranger their partner is on dating app?
my HS exBFs new GF Is slandering me for retweets and i’m annoyed
I (F23) can’t seem to connect to anyone or form friendships anymore
I need advice about a cheating partner
Caught my boyfriend sexting his ex-girlfriend, she's on social media bragging about it, and I feel like a colossal failure.
Tell stranger their partner is on dating apps?
How do I make my (23f) bf (23) to take the corona virus seriously?
I (18M) is deeply in love with my mom's uncle's daughter (17F). Unfortunately she's dating someone else and has rejected me. It is impossible for me to get over her because how close we are. I have tried this for the last 2 years. What should i do? Need advice.
Is it ok for me to be upset about my (now ex)boyfriend talking to a female friend about his dick size?
Help is it too stingy of me not to text back during this whole self quarantine?
my high school ex’s girlfriend mentioned me on twitter
I (18M) is in deeply in love with my mom's uncle's daughter(17F) . We were very close since early childhood and it is impossible for me to get over her. Unfortunately, she is already dating someone else. What should I do now?
Just broke up with my(28M) GF(26F) of more than 5 years. Reached an impasse regarding our sex life and desire to have children.
Partner [F27] is distancing from me [M23] because I value love over ego
Friend needs relationship advice - Don't know what to tell her. Let me know if this should go into another subreddit
Why does my mom get angry that we hate tv?
My (M25) GF (F27) is distant since 1 month ago
Supporting my (25F) friends during quarantine!
How do I [F29] deal with a breakup with someone[M29] that I’m still deeply in love with?
I want to shave my head
I [22M] can't stop talking to a girl [22F] even though she mostly causes me stress, anxiety and frustration.
What’s do you guys prefer, someone who pushes you outside of your comfort zone, or someone who feels comfortable?
My crush [26m] and I [23f] agreed to be friends but now he won’t talk to me?
How do I[F29] deal with a breakup with someone[M29] that I’m very much deeply in love with?
[32/M] with my [26F] duration, Quarantine gaming scoring system.
My boyfriend and I broke up but are still living together during quarantine.
He (M/22) Said he wanted to take things slow? (F/21)
Not sure what to do after my (34/m) girlfriend’s (36/f) behavior
My (F23) boyfriend (M24) follows provocative Instagram models and I feel insecure.
Sex issue
I (22F) am wondering about my relationship with my partner(25F)
Am I wrong for wanting to leave?
He (M/22) said he wanted to take things slow? (F/21)
Girlfriend of 3+ years has told me she isn't in love with me
He said he want to take things slow?
I (22F) am wondering if my feelings towards my new GF(25) are normal.
How to deal with unloving mother?
25 year old female Should I message back after what just happened
My [23f] crush [26m] agreed to be friends but he won’t talk to me?
Not sure what I’m supposed to say after my girlfriend broke up with me?
my best friend got a girlfriend and i'm upset
I (21F) am not okay with it
How do you deal with unloving mother?
Dating someone but always thinking of another
This is normal, right?
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) told me how much he will inherit
Did I (17F) make a mistake by ending my friendship with my best friend (17M)
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) told me how much he will inherit
My [24m] fwb [21f] says she needs to be single but also wants to be with me, has troubles committing to me but is fine being exclusive. It's been six months.
I (16F) told my step sister (17F) that we are not family
My [F23] boyfriend [M24] follows provocative Instagram models and I feel insecure.
My (17 M) girlfriend (18 F) suffers from severe depression, mild anxiety, and a horrible self image. What can I do?
Sex issue
Men Checking Out Others
Need Legal Advice for housing bills
Being left on read frequently
My [24m] friends with benefits (?) [21f] says she wants to give me a full relationship but also wants to be single. It's been six months.
My(17M) girlfriend(17F) flirts with my friends
My (f18) dad (M42) is making me feel bad about my disability.
It's not you, it's me.
My(f18) dad (m41) is making me feel bad about my disability.
Dating someone but always thinking of another
I still love her.
I'm amazed at how my son [17M] has been friends with someone for 4 years now.
Two men, one me
How do I (30M) finally tell my paternal grandmother (90sF) about the emotional/financial abuse her son/my father (60sM) has subjected me & my mom to over the last 30 years?
I'm beginning to realize my(19M) unhappiness with my girlfriend(21F)
Am I (38M) being gas lighted by my spouse (41F)
We Matched (20F) and (22M) On Hinge but COVID-19 is Affecting Us?
I (21F) just scared off the man of my dreams by following shitty advice from my best friend
My boyfriend works with his hookups, should I be worried?
Help! Hinge Match Is Overseas!
I might have scared off the man of my dreams
I'm beginning to realize my(19M) unhappiness with my girlfriend(21F)
Guys... I just did something
I (17M) can't stop crushing on my (16F) friend despite her admitting she doesn't want a relationship.
My(25F) friend wants to bring his girlfriend(20sF) into our D&D group.
My (22f) parents died when I was in middle school, and lately I've really been missing the chance to still know them.
My (24f) boyfriend (25m) of almost 4.5 years got pissy with me because I didn’t get him beer at the grocery store.
Why when I play rct classic and I place a ride with scenery l loose a toolbox window like the walls window but some time the tree window does happen to anyone else what can do to prevent it from happening thanks gpsart76@gmail.com
My boyfriend has insulted me twice in two weeks and I don't understand why
GF[19 F] is codependent and I [19 M] do everything to provide for her every need
Help a Women to Empower Herself
GF[19 F] Stresses me out so much as I [19 F]do everything to provide for her every need
Shoould I let him finish inside me?
Me (19F) and my boyfriend (18M) have a culture clash
My bf/ex (23m) sleeping problem broke us up. (24f)
Should I [F18] break up with him [M21] in this situation ?
Me (19F) and my boyfriend (18M) having a culture clash
My bf(23m) sleeping problem broke us up.(24f)
Should I [F18] break up with him [M21] in this situation?
How do I (M26) get my ex-girlfriend (F23) back? Help a guy out.
My (31F) SO (27M) is continuing to see clients at their homes
How do I (M26) get my ex-girlfriend (F23) back? Help a guy out.
Should I [F18] break up with him [M21] in this situation
Co-dependent girlfriend
How do I get my ex-girlfriend back? Help a guy out.
my 19f SO 20m wasnt there when i needed him
My(23F) Mother(51F) keeps making comments on my weight loss.
My(21f) boyfriend (27m) bought a gun and seems to be breaking down, how do I help him from afar?
Any advice
I (F17) have cut all ties with my brother (M20) after years of torment. Did I make the right choice or was there another way to handle it?
Me and my girlfriend are having rough patches (long distance)
My ex slash bestfriend got mad at me for some shallow reasons. What should i do?
I (21F) really like my boyfriend (27M) but I can't get over an ex
Me and my girlfriend have been having rough patches lately (long distance)
My[27M] GF[27F] tried to block me from leaving during a fight she started
My father(69) died yesterday. Can't really mourne, why?
(21f) I've been talking to a guy on a dating app (26m) who I really like, but only talk to him sporadically due to a combo of nerves + thinking it would be less painful to just forget about him due to the impossibility of meeting up. I can't do it though, and feel terrible. What should I do?
My father (69M) died last night. I feel empty, not sad, not happy - is there something wrong with me?
I (21F) really like my boyfriend (27M) but I can't get over an ex
(21f) I've been talking to a guy on a dating app (26m) who I really like, but only talk to him sporadically due to a combo of nerves + thinking it would be less painful to just forget about him due to the impossibility of meeting up. I can't do it though, and feel terrible. What should I do?
Me and my girlfriend have been having rough patches lately (long distance)
My boyfriend (21M) has insulted me (19F) twice in two weeks and I don't understand why
Husband is too quiet and doesnt like to converse how do you deal with someone like that?
23 year old guy, should I let go and stop speaking with my ex girlfriend
My (28M) girlfriend (24F) won't stop playing a particularly crude joke on me
I broke up with my emotionally abusive boyfriend today. Any words of advice?
My girlfriend (28f) always agrees with everyone else but my opinion
Non-existent romantic relationships
Won't let be breakup with him
I (19M) get extremely annoyed by my gf (19F) for absolutely no apparent reason.
My (28M) partner (24F) has taken our domestic joke war too far
I (32F) am considering taking a trip alone. My husband (32M) disagrees
My (23M) gf(23F) has a lesbian friend(22F) I'm not quite comfortable with.
Ex-GF(25 F) broke up with me (26 M), after that she changed dramatically. Not in a way to "fix" the problems but opposite. Was she always like that or is it normal?
Should I [23/M] continue to wait for this girl to break up with her boyfriend?
Should I (22F) end my relationship with him (26M) to stop myself from overthinking?
Have your friend’s ever sent you snapchats in the bathroom? 25F
[33m] my boyfriend[25m] still talks to ex[39m] as friends. ex had/has wife entire time.
My bf cheated 5 + times
Should I (22F) end my relationship with him(26) to stop myself from overthinking?
Me (25M) and my best friend (24F) have feelings for each other but neither is ready for a relationship and its messing with our friendship
New relationship
My boyfriend should go to therapy, but how?
How do I get over my ex?
My girlfriend [27F] and I [33m] are rocky due to a disagreement on moving and where to settle. Am I selfish? Or do we just have different goals?
Is it just me, or is facebook dating down?
My (28M) partner (24F) is taking our tit-for-tat jokes too far
boyfriend of 11 months still talks to ex as "friends"
How do I [26M] deal with the break-up of my long-distance girlfriend [24F] in the best way?
My(43M) employee(29M) found out about me and my wife's(42F) "secret lifestyle" because i texted him by mistake.
I want to shave my head
Dont know if i did the right thing about my mom latest relationship
Is my (24F) boyfriend's (29M) mom (50s or early 60s F) gaslighting me?
My [19F] partner [21M] regularly consumes meals of thousands of calories & has gained considerable weight.
I(19M) had one of many quarrels with parent(56F) and want to move away
How to move on after a break up
Some help moving over my ex, pls
If you are brave enough to read the whole drama, I would be so grateful
My(43M) employee(29M) found out about me and my wife's(42F) "secret lifestyle" because i texted him by mistake.
I (16M) have a hard time with my GF (16F) being bi
I think my mom (44/F) is cheating on my dad (49/M) please help..
Can I (28/F) tell my best friend (28/F) that I can't be a support person for her eating disorder recovery?
I think my mom is cheating on my dad. Please help me.
I (23F) cheated on my girlfriend (22F) while on vacation and now don't know what to do (tell her or not)
My (23F) boyfriend (35M) did things behind my back and I have a hard time trusting him and continuing this relationship
I (16M) have a hard time with my girlfriend (16F) being bi
He wants to get back together
Dear Reddit, how much input should your partner have on your decision to get a tattoo
My boyfriend and I are set to move in with each other but he said isn’t attracted to me
My boyfriend and I are set to move in with each other but he said isn’t attracted to me
How to comfort someone and be more emotionally available?
How can I (24F) make sure not to be clingy during this quarantine?
How to comfort someone?
How to become financially independent with family issues (23f)
I [m17] am confused
My (28f) Stepmother (64f) is trying to convince me that my dad (73m) is abusive/has a drinking problem
Ex gf
I'm afraid someday someone will ask me how i let my sister treat me this way
Help!?
Insecurities & moving in - Advice?
Booked a group holiday, one Friend last minute has invited his Girlfriend Along for the whole trip?
I'm afraid someday someone will ask me how i let my sister treat me this way
I'm [M/19] and she's [F/16] life goes on?
Is the relationship "over over"? Me [26 F] attorney, ex-boyfriend [24 M] plumber, year and a half relationship
F(26) Am I being unreasonable about living situations during quarantine?
Looking for advice concerning dating with an age gap.
She (33F) didn't tell me (29M) that she was married
My husband (30m) and I (30f) are dealing with cultural clashes when it comes to adoption.
I (22M) don’t know how to be open with my gf (22F).
Is the relationship "over over"? Me [26 F] attorney, ex-boyfriend [24 M] plumber, year and a half relationship
Tbtvtb
Is my (22f) situation with rent paid to my mother (60f) fair or is she taking advantage?
Is it wrong of me to ask for space when I feel overwhelmed?
Getting extremely sick of my family during this quarantine. Feeling guilty and frustrated!!
Me [26F] with my husband [28M] of 1 year, he's refusing to get a job in these uncertain times.
How to behave with my ex?
(28M) An ex-girlfriend of mine won't stop sending me gifts four months after I ended our relationship. What do I do?
(28M) An ex-girlfriend of mine won't stop sending me gifts four months after I ended our relationship.
My [18F] mom [41F] is pressuring me into getting a degree in a subject that I couldn't care less about.
Betrayed
Long time family friend who i have a crush on and i think im deep in the friendzone
My [23M] GF [28] of 3.5 years feels like she’s distant and cold but still says things like I love you or I wanna be with you.
I (F20) feel jealous of the girl (F20) my boyfriend noticed before me (M20)
Stop The Cycle Of Controlling Parents Before It Goes To Court Again
Feel like my (28F) life has been turned upside down in the last 2 weeks- including a breakup. Not sure if I did the right thing by ending this relationship
My [18F] mom [41F] is pressuring me to get a degree in a field that I have no interest in.
Feel like my life has been turned upside down in the last 2 weeks- including a breakup. Not sure if I did the right thing.
Because of the Pandemic, me and my wife are out of work and I am thinking of going to the UK for work.
I (30F) am finding it hard to speak with my bf (32M) about my chronic illness
My (f/27) boyfriend (m/30) is childish about sex and I don't know how to help change it?
How does one make their intentions clear exactly ?
Should I (18F) ignore my boyfriend (19M) of a year?
Should I DM a love interest, who happens to be a celebrity?
My father, whom I live with, won't cover when he coughs
I (18 F) am not sure wether I am falling into an emotionally abusive cycle with my boyfriend (19 M)
My father, whom I live with, won't cover his mouth when he coughs
I (18 F) am not sure wether I am experiencing emotional abuse from my (19 M) boyfriend
Developing feelings for FWB, but that was not the plan.
Way too self conscious abour my face, can't video call my lonf distance girlfriend
I (24/F) am falling for someone who isn't good for me (29/M).
My abusive, manipulative ex tried to run me over and blamed it on ME.
How to move forward after wifes second affair
I feel really anxious before calling my long distant gf
I don't think my boyfriend loves me anymore.
My girlfriend (22f) of 4 years is always asking about my (22m) masturbation habits.
I [26F] found out the guy I'm seeing [37M] has had over 100 partners. I don't know how to tell him I'm not okay with this.
He came back too late
My [F34] friend said he [M45] loves me. But won’t wait forever. Then said he won’t leave me. Very confused
Girlfriend of 4 years (22f) ALWAYS asks about my masturbation habits. Am I in the wrong for doing it when she’s around or is it none of her business?
Me [32 M] with my girlfriend [33 F] of 2 years, cheated on me and did so already in previous relationships. Advice on how to continue / make her come clean?
Girlfriend of 4 years (22f) ALWAYS asks about my masturbation habits. Am I in the wrong for doing it when she’s around or is it none of her business?
Self-doubt and overthinking is getting in the way of my [22M] relationship [22F]
Bf (25M) struggling with COVID, now barely home despite living together. Am I (27F) missing something?
my [24 F] girlfriend has gotten too comfortable in the relationship and it’s not attractive at all.
I have been smothering my girlfriend
I have been smothering my girlfriend
My boyfriend [23M] and I [21F] got into a fight over COD
Girlfriend [24F] always make me [27M] wait
I am 30M, and I think I am falling for my friend F(34). But I don't know whether I should act on my feelings and make it awkward for her. I have never been in a relationship, so I don't know if what I am feeling is love, infatuation or just plain desperation of getting into a relationship. Advice?
[REPOST] I (24F) told my (25M) boyfriend about plans on baking my own cake for my birthday and he thinks it's cringy. I don't know if I was oversensitive but it ruined my mood.
Why are you in open relationship? Psychology Research
The father(32m) of my(27f) stillborn daughter, wants a relationship 8 months after her due date.
How to encourage boyfriend to workout harder
Breaking up during a lockdown?
She cheated on me... Advice?
The father(32m) of my(27f) stillborn daughter wants a relationship 8 months after her due date.
Should we breakup
How do I [F/18] move on from the abuse my boyfriend[M/23] did to me in the past?
Toxic relationships
how to encourage boyfriend to workout harder during quarantine
I think this guy (23M) likes me (21F), but I don't like him and he is not getting the hint.
My [23/m] six month long gf [22/f] hates talking about emotion and I don't know if I'm being too pushy
I [24/M] think my roommate [25/M] is manipulating me
Guy likes me and I don't like him
I think a guy has liked me for a while, but I don't like him and he's not getting the hint.
Should we breakup?
Does he [M late 20’s] think I’m [F late 20’s] not making an effort?
Need breakup advice... on the more practical side
Does he [M late 20’s] think I’m [F late 20’s] not making an effort?
I'm 19. My best friend of 17 years is suddenly icing me out for no reason
Boyfriend (23) on furlough, won’t talk about it
My GF was lesbian, with me is "straight", I'm not feeling good about it
Is quarantine bringing anyone else’s exes out of the woodwork?
Breaking up advice
Need To Let This Out
Deal with my girl's lesbian past
I need help with dreams.
(soon to be) Mother in law doesn't like the fact that I am a man
People of this subreddit, what's your understanding of a toxic relationship? I usually see the word toxic thrown around too easily hence the question.
I [29M] feel like my new girlfriend [29F] is playing games with me or am I being paranoid?
I [29M] feel like my new girlfriend [29F] is playing games with me or am I being paranoid?
I [29M] feel like my new girlfriend [29F] is playing games with me or am I being paranoid?
I [29M] feel like my new girlfriend [29F] is playing games with me or am I being paranoid?
Sorry!
I [29M] feel like my new girlfriend [29F] is playing games with me or am I being paranoid?
Mother in law doesn't like the fact that I am a man
Is she gone forever? Or is there still hope for reconciliation?
I [29M] feel like my new girlfriend [29F] is playing games with me or am I being paranoid?
How do I talk to my brother (18F) and my mother (55F) about the way she uses my (22F) academic achievements against my brother?
Advice
What to do? Is it really over?
How do I get past my (F20) boyfriend's (M20) attraction to another girl?
no clue what to do
I'm (25f) not in love with fiancé (29m)
My [28F] friend [30M] might have feelings for me and it’s making me rather uncomfortable
My fiancé almost killed my dad last night, tried to say my dad faked it and I'm still considering accepting his apology. HELP ME
Need breakup advice. What would you guys do here?
My (20f) dad (50m) has his ‘personal time’ in the morning and doesn’t know I’m awake
My fairytale
i don’t know what to do
My Gf(20f) is asexual and I(21m) am not and i dont know how to handle us.
I'm (25f) not in love with my fiancé (29m)
Is it wrong and weird to date a 3rd cousins ex?
I found his ex's nudes on his phone.
quarantine making me question my relationship
Into girlfriend’s sister - Should I tell GF?
My son and my ex husband
Finding it difficult to get to know someone who's shy / has a language barrier [M/F33]
Dating despite not being allowed to date and can't help but feel guilty.
Coronavirus saved my marriage
(20M) Best friend (20F) wants to have sex?
My SO (F23) of 2 years and a half dropped all her medicine cold turkey and started abusing me (M23) emotionally.
I [22F] feel horrible for lying to my mother but I have to keep lying
Husband suddenly left "on vacation" without me. Is this abuse?
I, 16 yr old male, need help for gf's(15 turning 16) birthday present
My SO (F23) of 2 years and a half dropped all her medicine cold turkey and started abusing me (M23) emotionally.
I (16F) told my step sister (17F) that we are not family
My boyfriend [22/M] is behaving unnecessarily rude and out of mind to me [21/F]
Frustrated about my spouses lack of situation awareness
Have you ever been cheated on by a loyal partner
My (M20) partner (F19) deserves some praise for helping me through this weekend
I (25/f) confessed to my exbf (30/m) that I had slept with another guy after I broke up with him. He was hurt but instantly forgave me and still wants to get back together with me. I appreciate how much he loves me but I’m not sure if I want to get back with him.
I (M20) just wanted to share some well deserved praise to my girlfriend (F19)
Quarantined with this girl during the start of our relationship
I (16F) told my step sister (17M) that we are not family and now she's mad at me
Am I just in a bad relationship and should leave, or am I still not trying hard enough in a normal relationship
I think I'm in love with my ex
Quarantined with this girl during the start of our relationship
I think I'm still in love with my ex.
How do I (23M) get rid of sexual tension with housemate (23F) during quarantine that's been building for 3 months?
I (F24) have a good friend (M31) that I have strong feelings for. We have talked about a relationship. He said he doesn't want one due to the distance.
He prefers porn to me. Advice please
RELATIONSHIP GOALS;
Out of my league
My(27f) 5year situationship ex (28m) are finally over but thinks that working out together in the mornings over FaceTime is a positive thing during quarantine. Should I oblige or move on?
How do I (23M) get rid of sexual tension with housemate (23F) during quarantine?
Getting annoyed when my boyfriend (22M) talks about his boner and masturbation
A small step in being kind in your relationships or even with strangers can take you to good places.
My Fiance is secretly in debt ??!
I'm confused and nervous
I don’t think I’d be a good stepmom to my boyfriend’s daughter.
What is love
Fixing the Relationship With My Sister
My BF [M/24] and I [F/23] are having a rough patch for months now. Should I just give up?
My boyfriend (19M) asked for space and I (19F) don't know how to handle it.
What is love?
My boyfriend said he wanted space and I think it is my fault.
My boyfriend [21m] is overly IN LOVE with Kpop
Ex bf(31) keeps on wanting to have sex when we are trying to work on getting back together
Just ended it
My (27M) gf (26F) is constantly.drawing pic of her ex during the first time they met.
Dating for 2 days and already want to break up?
My boyfriend doesn’t let me talk in arguments and refuses to hear my side. What should I do?
I’ve been dating them for two days and already feel like I need to breakup with them?
My stepdad (72) has been getting quieter and more distant the past few years and it's been eating away at me.
I have no idea what to do
Not sure if my boyfriend (28M) wants to be with me (23F) anymore
My boyfriend is rich and my parents hate it
Worried my [26F] depression will chase boyfriend [28M] away?
Is it reasonable to care what your S/O posts online?
I need help figuring out if my ( 22f) bf’s (23m) friend (23m) likes me or if it’s purely teasing because I am “one of the guys”
My (18M) girlfriend’s (17F) family is forcing her into my living space
How does my ex feel about me?
I can’t tell if my bfs friend likes me or if it’s purely teasing because I am “one of the guys”
My 25f roommate (22m) isn’t taking the pandemic seriously and is going out to see friends and doing who knows what else
How does my ex feel about me?
my bff (32F) is getting together with my(29f) ex (25m) in the house we live in together
My boyfriend is rich beyond imagination and my parents hate it
How does my ex feel about me?
Boyfriend (22M) got hard looking at pornstar’s photo...idk how I (22F) feel
What do I do if my boyfriend (M21) always calls me names?
Not sure if my BF (27M) wants to be with me (22F) anymore
Boyfriend (22M) got hard looking at pornstar’s photo...idk how I (22F) feel
Changes in partnership and relationship (school survey!!!)
My (18M) girlfriend’s (17F) family is forcing her into my living space
The guy [24M] I've [23F] been dating for 1.5month said he didn't like my body
I’m 28f, well out of a long term relationship, but still struggling to move on
How did you meet your Soulmate/Twin Flame?
My boyfriend's sex drive is too high
Should I end my [32F] friendship with him [36M]?
Help please
My bf (21M) really wants to live in a van after graduation and I (19F) dont know how to tell him that I'm not sure if I want to.
Help me with my thoughts
My relationship with my Super Religious Mother
Relationship with my religious mother
How did you meet your Soulmate/Twin Flame?
My boyfriend [22/M] is behaving unnecessarily rude and out of mind to me [21/F]
my bff (F32) who i (F29)live with, and my ex (M25) are getting together where i live
My boyfriend [22y] is behaving unnecessarily rude and out of mind to me [21y]
My bf (21M) really wants to live in a van after graduation and I (19F) dont know how to tell him that I'm not sure if I want to.
my boyfriend lied to me about his sexual past when he can choose to be honest with me
My girlfriend (21F) came out to me (22M) as bulimic. She is scared to go to professionals and I don’t know what to do.
It's it ok "talking" to other people in a relationship?
If he (31M) wasn't that into me (26F) why did he act so loving and intimate with me sometimes?
Making amends with a friend I cut off a year ago
Can’t get over my ex who cheated on me?
How did you meet your Soulmate/Twin Flame?
My [M25] partner of two years [F32] left with a friend without notice, didn’t return calls or texts, am I wrong for having a problem with this?
My girlfriend (19F) doesn't trust me (19M)
Gf (22) of 4 years left me (28) and I've never felt so alone
my BFF who i live with is getting with my ex
Landlord (35f) engaging in romantic/sexual relationship with flatmate (25f)
My girlfriend (19F) doesn't trust me (19M)
I (26F) got zen about being in love with my best friend (26M)
In my first relationship, what to talk about and how to bring it up?
how do you know if you should really be in your current relationship?
My girlfriend doesn't trust me
My (21M) girlfriend (20F) won't have sex without weed
I’m a 30 year old female and I’ve been Cyber creeping my ex boyfriend new girlfriend. I really miss him and seeing them happy Makes me anxious. I want to apologize for my actions but I feel it’s too late. Should I reach out to him even though he’s in a relationship?
I’m a 30 year old female and I’ve been Cyber creeping my ex boyfriend new girlfriend. I really miss him and seeing them happy Makes me anxious. I want to apologize for my actions but I feel it’s too late. Should I reach out to him even though he’s in a relationship?
Is a Bisexual Man obligated to tell his Girlfriend?
My (21M) girlfriend (20F) won't have sex without weed
Cyber creeping my ex boyfriend new girlfriend. Advice?
[M]y girlfriend won't have sex with me without weed.
I (21M) have trouble having sex with my girlfriend (21F) and I am worried it will impact relationship
Is a Bisexual Man obligated to tell his Girlfriend?
M (25) thinks G (30) has been unfaithful
Gf (22) of 4 years left me and I feel lost
I (24F) told my (25M) boyfriend about plans on baking my own cake for my birthday and he thinks it's cringy. I don't know if I was oversensitive but it ruined my mood.
Long post, but I appreciate any advice.
I (21F) am experiencing some anxiety toward a friend I’ve recently gotten close to.
I (24F) told my (25M) boyfriend I was planning on baking my own cake for my birthday and he thinks it's cringy. It ruined my mood and I don't know if I'm being oversensitive.
I [23/M] tear up when my girlfriend [23/F] gets angry
I feel like me (22F) and my boyfriend (25M) shouldn’t be in a relationship
My boyfriend [22y] was behaving unnecessarily rude and weird with me [21y] in our project work
I (24f) am not physically attracted to my boyfriend (25m) of 4 years anymore.
Advice for Long distance marriage
I think my future mother in law is cheating at words with friends and don’t know whether to call it out or not.
I female (21) am experiencing confusion and anxiety towards someone I’ve recently started getting close with.
I don’t want to meet my boyfriends family
Did my boyfriend rape me or no?
I don’t want to meet my boyfriends family
I (24f) don’t find my boyfriend (25m) of 4 years physically attractive anymore.
M (25) thinks G (30) has been unfaithful
Is this a pattern?
This guy likes me and it's making things awkward for me
Questioning my role in my relationship
I feel like my (M,28) girlfriend (F,28) doesn't try anymore and it's my fault
I (21F) want to break up with my (30M) boyfriend of a year but I feel the lockdown situation will be bad for him.
I [27M] think my future mother in law [F59] is cheating at words with friends but won’t admit it.
My ex (30F) has been as ass for three months. Now she suddenly wants to apologize and meet up to talk. I (28M) don't know what to do.
My ex (30F) has been as ass for three months. Now she suddenly wants to apologize and meet up to talk. I (28M) don't know what to do.
My ex has been as ass for three months. Now she suddenly wants to apologise and meet up to talk. I don't know what to do.
How do I (22M) tell if this girl (21F) has romantic interest in me?
Quarentine got us growing up real fast?
Advice for Long distance marriage..
Need advice about a girl I’ve been seeing
I [30 M] felt hurt that a colleague [60 M] used hurtful language in critiquing one of my ideas.
Couples who are in a relationship but don’t live together, how are you handling the Coronavirus?
I struggled, I cried and I was depressed over my husband and men
I [17 M] find myself having doubts about my relationship with my girlfriend [17 F]
My (24f) gf (23f) thinks I’m overreacting.
Covid 19 got us growing up real fast
My (M22) Ex (F25)is accusing me of replacing her with the "perfect version of herself" (F19)
Advice needed
Im selling nudes 🍑
Worried my [26F] depression will chase boyfriend [28M] away?
I (17m) don't know if I'm getting mixed signals
I (25 F) am seriously falling for my guy friend (26M) and it’s making me sick
I (25F) am seriously falling for my guy best friend (26M) and it’s making me feel sick
Make him stay no matter what
What is something that would make you feel at home while away from home?
Help With Awful Relationship please.....
Open ‘non conventional’ relationships, what are your experiences?
I (23M) feel like I'm more affectionate than the girl (23F) I'm dating
What makes you feel at home when you’re away from home?
3 yr ended by finding out she cheated with multiple men... please help.
How to get a guy (20m) to talk to me (20f)?
Help me please
Open “non conventional” relationships, what is your experience with this?
Girl I'm dating feels left out in our mutual friend group. Wondering how to procede after frosty talk today (24M) (21F)
I (M22) am losing my mind coz of my SO (F21)
Is quarantine bringing anyone else’s exes out of the woodwork?
my [28f] boyfriend of 8 years [29m] hasn't done anything blatantly wrong... but I feel like he is gas lighting me. He disagrees
How do I[30F] change myself?
My ex is more supportive than my boyfriend during this crisis. Is he interested? He sends me the longest texts Bf is 30/m. I’m 30/f. Ex is 29/m
My (F24) sister (F21) refuses to give away her cat. How do we convince her?
42 messages... I’m pretty sure I’m being mentally abused.
Boyfriend doesn’t want to stay over - should I be offended?
My (21F) mom (45F) is verbally abusive. How can I live with her without straining our relationship?
keep getting called 'fertile'
Does my(26f) boyfriend (27m) have two phones? Is he cheating?
My [28F] friend [30M] might have feelings for me and it’s making me rather uncomfortable
How do I(30F) change myself?
My (23F) mom (51F) is verbally abusive, how do I handle it so our relationship won’t strain?
My [28F] friend [30M] seems to have feelings for me and I feel very uncomfortable
How do I (21F) repair my relationship with my sister (27F)? Is this my fault?
What if my partner is the last person I have sex with?
Thesis Research: Marriage & Weddings
confused
I (m,25) dated a very close, married friend (f,26) for a few months. We broke up and I miss the friendship
Should I (48M) I break up with my gf (42F) of 4 years to spare her my impending death?
My (24 F) boyfriend (29 M) got drunk and told me he doesn't want to see me ever again.
I don't know if I want to stay in my relationship or not.
How do I (21F) repair my relationship with my sister (27F)? Is this my fault?
Excited but what if?
I [18F] have a teacher [28M] from a few years back who‘s been sending me messages for almost a year now, asking to date me.
I [M 21] got dumped by girl [F 18] for the first time after 7 months of dating. Not sure how to deal with it
My girlfriend [19F] wants to move to southern US while I [20M] wants to stay in MN
I (28 M) tried to talk to my girlfriend of 5 years (27 F) about how I’m feeling and she just literally ghosted me.
Are most relationships like this? (25m) and (25f)
I [18F] have feelings for my aromantic/asexual friend [17M].
confused
Very complicated friend?
I (17f) don’t know if my 17(m) likes me anymore
How do you come to terms with your past to focus on your present relationship?
My boyfriend keeps calling me a bitch.
how do you come to terms with your past so you can live in your present relationship?
My (21F) bf (25M) is an addict, has lied, and done everything possible to make our relationship irreparable. I’ll Never trust him again. I resent him but love him and cant leave.
Gf (27f) gets upset with me if i (24m) want to do something while watching tv. She calls ot rude and disrespectful.
Gf (27F) gets mad when we're watching tv but I'd (24M) like to draw or play on my switch.
Unhealthy relationships?
I [18F] have feelings for my aromantic/asexual friend [17M].
Unhealthy relationships?
I [24F] lost both my best friend [24M] and boyfriend [22M] today and I can't cope
Should I (19F) give my ex boyfriend (19M) his cat back?
Family gatherings: How well does your partner get along with your family?
I feel that that my boyfriend never took my sexual harassment seriously
I (24F) lost both my best friend (24M) and boyfriend (22M) today and I can't cope
Keeping a secret from my (25F) husband (25M) and struggling
Broken Bone leads to Date?
How should a female unicorn (19F) approach a heterosexual couple (19F & 21M) to see if they would be interested?
I don’t deserve sex tonight
“You’re Mine”
How should a female unicorn (19F) approach a heterosexual couple (19F & 21M) to see if they would be interested?
I don’t deserve sex
“You’re Mine”
Why do I [20f] become obsessive about my “favorite person”?
How do I forget about the times I had with her, knowing that they will never be again? Led on for a long time. Had my heart broken.[M21][F18]
I know I’m an asshole
Discovered my girlfriend used to be a hoe
Been asked to keep a big secret from my (25F) husband (25M) and struggling
Guy (27m) I (27f) am dating wanted unprotected sex. I’m feeling a little weird about it.
I [M23] need advice with ex [F23] adding me on snapchat after ~3 years no contact
My [23/M] girlfriend [22/F] is going through a depressive episode and I'm unsure of how to help her while separating myself from her feelings and having my needs met.
Help! I'm in an amazing yet unromantic relationship.
Found out my girlfriend used to be a hoe
Never in my life
I (24F) lost both my partner & best friend in one day and I can't cope
confused about my (F25) exboyfriend (M28)
My boyfriend spread paranoid rumours about my best friend
after covid 19 restrictions
FWB (25) wont admit feeling but body language says otherwise
I become disinterested in people
How do I (18M) stop feeling guilty for receiving nudes after exiting a 11 months old relationship? I want to get back together with my partner (18M), but I feel guilty and undeserving because of that.
Hello, I'm Pakistani I want unique relationship with 20 year old girl anyone guide me how can i make
I (25F) don’t think the guy I’ve been talking to for about 3 weeks (30M) is attractive, but we get along very well
Long distance during pandemic
I am [M/22] suffering from cripling retroactive jealousy
I (21F) am stuck in an on and off loop with my ex (21M) and I don't know if I should wait/ be hopeful for change or literally bury it 10 feet into the past
Husband gets passive aggressive if I tell him he talks too much.
Is my friend isolating or is he just being an asshole?
FWB (25) wont admit feeling but body language says otherwise
Moving in
23F who is not comfortable in the bedroom (need advice from men & women pls)
Seems like my my might me trying to take away my happiness
I’m (25F) who is insecure because I am not engaged & not even remotely in a relationship. I know there’s more to life than marriage just please talk me out of this mood rn
I (25m) was told a few months ago by my (22f) girlfriend that she needed space.
How do I (18F) forget the good times I had with my ex-boyfriend (18M)?
How do I (18F) forget about the good times I had with my ex-boyfriend (18M)?
TL;DR She [F20] broke up with me [M23] because she was going to be busy
I’m worried my relationship with my ex boyfriend is going to turn ugly and abusive.
Have I waited too long?
Any women in the KC area looking for a heteronormative relationship with a young in shape loyal professional male?
She [F20] broke up with me [M23] because she was too busy TL;DR
Fwb shows feelings through body language
Here’s why sleeping separate from your partner can be a GOOD thing!
She [F20] broke up with me [M23] because she said she was busy
Never in my life
How do you communicate with a uncommunicative guy (m26)?
My boyfriend [34/m] is upset with me [30/f] and is shutting me out. I don't know if this is fair and I'm really struggling.
I’m so lost of what to do
(M26) Need advice about me and my partner's (F26) sex life and relationship.
I don't know if I should end my [32F] friendship with him [36M] during self-isolation?
How to communicate with a guy (m 25) during quarantine? Or just move on
My (20F) conservative childhood has made it hard for me to express myself
My [25 FTM] cousin [32F] unintentionally hurt me, am I allowed to distance myself?
My friend [21M] seems to be falling off the deep end, our friend group is trying everything we can but it’s taking an emotional toll
My boyfriend said he is smarter than me
Females of this sub What are your expectations in a relationship (m21) specifically around my age?
What to send to fiancée in Japan
Females of this sub What are your expectations in a relationship (m21) specifically around my age?
I [22F] really want a FWB but everytime I've had one I end up getting attached
I (F20) told my gf (F20) to get a hobby because of quarantine and she got mad
Not sexually attracted to my bf of 8 years
Boyfriend promised he'd stopped smoking, but I just found cigarettes in his pocket. Not sure how to proceed.
I really want a FWB but everytime I've had one I end up getting attached
I[29F] don't know how to navigate time between my BF[30M] and my family[30s-60s]
Boyfriend promised he'd stopped smoking, but I just found cigarettes in his pocket. Not sure how to proceed.
How often do you and your partner have sex?
Boyfriend promised he'd stopped smoking, but I just found cigarettes in his pocket. Not sure how to proceed.
what should I do to help the situation?
I've [33M] been in the closet and hiding an affair with another man [31M] from my wife [29F] for over three years. I feel really bad but I don't know what to do.
I (22f) am really struggling to be in quarantine with my girlfriend (26f) of eight years. Help needed.
Have you ever had a long-lasting FWB without complications?
I keep having dreams about having sex with other guys (I’m in a relationship and I love my boyfriend)
How often do you and your partner have sex?
Bipolar and Significant Others
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] keeps changing her mind about wanting to be together. We agreed to try again just as the quarantine began, and now she wants to break up. Given the circumstances, was it given a fair shot?
Quarantine problems, am i an asshole?
Men: Would you stay in contact with a girl you haven’t seen in 3 years if you were just friends?
Is feeling unsure about a relationship a sign it's time to end it or should I keep dating to see if the feeling goes away?
Men: Would you stay in contact with a girl you haven’t seen in 3 years if you were just friends?
My [23/M] girlfriend [22/F] is going through a depressive episode and I'm unsure of how to help her while still having my needs met.
BF Invited Me to Group Chat with Friends and Then Asked Me to Leave
Would appreciate any advice on how to move forward after a freak incident
Feeling very used after 2 1/2 years
Unfinished business with an ex
Differing political ideologies has caused a riffed in my friendship (both 29F)
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] purposely looked for a naked photo of his ex
First breakup (3.5 year relationship)
Met an awesome girl who has MS. I’m afraid that her MS condition would worsen within our marriage.
How come my ex girlfriend reacted this way when we spoke?
Just found out my [30F] SO [30M] of 10 years is a serial cheater
My (f17) boyfriend (m20) keeps calling celebrities hot and it’s annoying me
How come my ex reacted this way when we spoke (3 years relationship)?
I feel very emotionally used after 2 1/2 years
GF goes out with ex-FWB after we had a big fight
Bummer
GF goes out with ex-FWB after we had a big fight
Doctor in the emergency room
Ex partner in dating app, plz help with some kind words?
Feeling used and alone
Consistent online dating apps
I (f,23) am contemplating suicide bc my ex bf (m 24) cheated on me
My ex partner is on a dating app. Help plz :)
Trying to be myself (16M)
Modern relationships: dealing with my parents and their staunch conservative views while under quarantine. How do I deal with stubbornness?
How do I (20m) stop being mad at my ex-girlfriend (21f)?
Trying to be myself
My boyfriend (M28) eats junk every day and thinks it's fine.
First breakup ever (relationship of 3.5 years)
Reconnecting during quarantine
Taking friend's virginity
Teen Relationship Abuse
My relationship feels hopeless
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) used to punch holes in his walls.
why cant I get over them? 🥺
I (F23) can’t get over my toxic ex
Me (M26) trying to decipher her(F26) text messages
I (F24) can’t get over my ex
Ghosted...
Me [F] him [M], both mid 30's, together four years. Can't get a handle on my feelings and am looking for advice
I feel like my relationship is going to become abusive
Got feelings for FWB, but my plans do not involve her.
Trying to decipher what she really meant
CHICAS CONTESTEN ESTO
Taking friend's virginity
How do I [35/F] Deal with my stepson's [12/M] extremely difficult mother [35/F]?
Sexless relationship
I (18m) am very attached to a person (20f)and I want to end my life because i miss her? Please help.
I (NB22) dont know if I'm happy in my relationship and blame myself.
Need help
Sexless relationship
Has anyone else been slowly developing their own dictionary of dumb slang for things with their partner?
I (24f) am becoming more and more jealous of my boyfriend‘s (25m) online activity and i don’t know how to stop
I (19M) am texting with a girl (21F) since before Corona and now because of the quarantine she loses interest.
Feeling lost
A simple question
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) doesn't want us to have our own place because she doesn't want her mother to know
Is my ex using me? [F 23, F24, 1 year& 8 months together]
I (19M) am texting with a girl (21F) since before Corona and now because of the quarantine she loses interest.
I am having a really hard time with my feelings
Those with an anxious attachment style, how do you manage it in relationships?
My husband [30M] is friends with his friend's mom [48F] and I [28F] feel uncomfortable
Boyfriend (18M) has a 'poor me' attitude, and I (18F) don't know what to do
Sister hasn’t met my newborn son
Fix the distance between a friend of mine and I before its too late, help
Need opinions on my relationship
My (27m) Girlfriend (26f) still has gifts from ex
What is your bad ex girlfriend story? Or cheater story?
Angry after breakup
Just a simple question
Angry after breakup
Sister hasn’t met my newborn son yet
Angry after breakup
Women of reddit ages 18-35: how much time can your man spend in the gym before you take issue with it?
How do I [35/F] deal with the extremely difficult and unreasonable [35/F] mother of my stepchild [12/M]?
My boyfriend (29M) said some things to me (28F) during this quarantine that I’m upset about. Am I too sensitive or is he a dick?
All y'all women out there- how much time can your man spend in the gym before it becomes a problem for you?
Left my abusive partner today with the broken bones to prove it … could use some encouragement
How much time can your man spend in the gym before you have a problem with it?
My [28/f] live in boyfriend [32/m] asked for space.
How do I (22F) get over feelings of jealousy over my FWB/housemate (26M) sleeping with their ex (25F)?
My wife (36f) objects to my music video featuring another woman removing her clothing.
I [25/F] feel bad for trying to get my partner [34/M] to sell his house.
Would I seem pushy or annoying if I (20M) texted someone to see how she (19F) was feeling?
Am I (f24) stupid for staying with him (23m) after this?
I (21M) need help on what to do with (25F) girlfriend and our relationship.
My girlfriend stopped saying I love you
Would I seem pushy or annoying if I (20M) texted someone to see how she (19F) was feeling?
Hey I'm (23m) an I have no idea how to talk to girls.
For those stuck in quarantine/isolation with your partner, are there wholesome things that you have started doing together while in lockdown?
Would I seem pushy or annoying if I texted someone to see how she was feeling?
My girlfriend doesn’t say I love you anymore
How many of you have essentially developed your own dictionary of words based on in-jokes you have with your partner?
Would I have to ask if a guy likes me or would I just know?
An idea for a music video has angered my wife.
Get my gf (21F) to forgive me (26M) after I lied for 1yr. Got caught 2m ago
My (20 M) mother's boyfriend (57 M) threatened to kill me while he was drunk last night. My mother wants me to stay
Is my (26F) boyfriend (25M) not over his ex (24F)?
(M31) Close Friend (M30s) Gaming Commitments
I (22F) don't know if I can really ever forgive my girlfriend (24F)
Do you guys thing VR porn is cheating? NSFW
Do you guys think that VR porn is cheating?
I broke up with my girlfriend, and I don't know what to think about it
I(20M) had a fight with my girlfriend(19F) and need some perspective.
I broke up with my girlfriend, and I don't know what to think about it
An idea for a music video has angered my wife.
My (21F) boyfriends (27M) family doesn’t include me in literally anything. It’s hurting me a lot.
(M31) Close Friend (M30s) Gaming Commitments
I broke up with my girlfriend, and I don't know what to think about it
My wife's depression is killing me.
My [52F] son [22M] spends a lot of time in his room. What could be his problem?
My (21F) boyfriend’s (27M) doesn’t accept me for some reason
Am I (23F) ruining my partners somehow?
For those stuck in quarantine/isolation with your partner, are there wholesome things that you have started doing together while in lockdown?
I feel left out of my boyfriends family nonstop
My mother (44F) and her boyfriend (50M) are having sex and it makes me (17M) uncomfortable.
My mom (41) and I (14) are having disavreements
I (26M) caught my partner of 2 Years (23M) sexting someone else.
Would you want to know? Should I inform his wife...walking away and leaving her in the dark seems wrong.
My (23f) boyfriend (21m) over the past day
For those of you stuck in quarantine/isolation with your partner or SO, are there wholesome things that you have started doing together while in lockdown?
My (23F) bf (21M) over the past couple days
Is it rude to ghost someone if they’re giving bad replies?
I feel lost about my [23F] relationship with my ex [25M]
I heard my mother and her boyfriend having sex (17m)
26 M - Never had a date before- TX
Im [20F] confused about where to go next...
Just had the “we’re missing something” breakup
Broke up with my girlfriend a week ago
26 M, never been in a relationship- TX
My Mother [59F] Won't Leave Me [30M] Alone
Sick, scared, and want closure. Should I message an ex who ended things because of past trauma which had resurfaced?
Quote: He set fire fire to the world around him but never let a flame touch her
I (27f) Can't Stop Comparing Myself To Photos Found In Fiancés (34m) Photo Folder.
[29/F] I'm considering starving the relationship with my [30/M] BF to breakup
I found her after two years. Should I contact her
I'm in pain and just need to rant. I wanted him to stick up for me. Instead, he stood against me.
I (27f) Don't Know How To Stop Comparing Myself To Images On Fiancés (34m) Folder.
I just want to move on.
My boyfriend (M26) left me (F25) after 10 years and I dont know how to get over it. Any advice?
My husband cheated and now he is paranoid ill do the same
Im contemplating suicide because of my ex bfs cheating
Should I contact her?
Partners Low Sex Drive & Self Esteem
I [19 M] am struggling to deal with my past with my girlfriend [21 F]
I'm (23m) trying to decide if the girl (24f) I like is losing interest?
My boyfriend (26m) left me (25F) after 10 years and I'm absolutely heartbroken
How do I let a nice but clingy guy know I’m not interested?
I (F:20) love my boyfriend (M:20) , but I don’t think I can do a LDR (long distance)
I (29 M) have an abusive ex (24, F) and I can’t break the abuse cycle.
Is it wrong?
I (21F) have never met a man who treats me with respect
I can't process my feelings
(M)y ex is abusive and I can’t break the cycle.
I'm (23m) trying to decide if the girl (24f) I like is losing interest?
I (F:20) love my boyfriend (M:20) , but I don’t think I can do a LDR (long distance)
I (F:20) love my boyfriend (M:20) , but I don’t jt junk I can do a LDR (long distance)
I feel a lot of love for her but don’t feel a need to always talk every day. And other toxic things.
I (22F) am getting increasingly annoyed living with my sister (28F).
Girlfriend (22) and I (24) are having a sex life like a 50 year old couple: non-existend. I think my girlfriend is „a-sexual“, what can I do?
My ex best friend [F22] went on insta and changed every post that had me [M21] in it to something hateful, accusing me of things that she is personally insecure about. Why would someone feel the need to do that?
Girlfriend (22) and I (24) are having a sex life like a 50 year old couple: non-existend. I think my girlfriend is „a-sexual“, what can I do?
I feel love towards her but don’t feel a particular desire to talk/meet a lot of the time when I date her
I (23f) don’t understand why my fwb(?)(24m) tells me about his sex/dating life so much
I [F29] am questioning my sanity after finally breaking up with my POS boyfriend
Lacking love life in every sense of the word.
What should I do about my neighbor's grandson?
What do you do when you are the person who loves more?
Idk how to explain really other than I think my ex raped me
My (26m) Girlfriend (24F) of 2 years is refusing to follow social distancing practices and it's lead to some huge fights.
Just had the “we’re missing something” breakup
My [29F] FWB [33M] isn’t ready for a relationship, but is amazing in all other aspects. I'm conflicted.
I'm (24M)on the verge of calling it quits with my depressed partner(23F)
'Having somebody' what does it mean? Is it a real thing, have you experienced it?
My (19F) mom (52F) believes conspiracy theories she sees on Facebook and it’s driving me insane. I’m stuck in quarantine with her and can’t avoid her nonsense.
My Boyfriend (20m) refuses to follow safer at home
Having somebody, what does that mean to you? Have you experienced it?
What does a good relation look/feel like?
I [17F] don't know what to do to keep my long distance girlfriend interested in me.
I (32M) don’t know how to get anyone to like my wife (36F).
I [19 M] am struggling to deal with my past with my girlfriend [21 F]
Differing political/religious views in a relationship
I(32M) don’t know how to have anyone in my life like my wife (36F).
Different views in a relationship
Why do I (22 f) still feel inferior to my ex’s ex?
Good sign or moving too fast?
How do I keep a relationship strong when tr other person is openly bored ?
Polar opposite political views?
Too fast? Boyfriend of 2 months keeps saying "if we ever live together"
How do I keep a relationship strong when the other person is already openly bored of me ?
Why do I still feel inferior to my ex’s ex? (22 F)
I am in a 4 years relationship with someone who is completely different from me and I am craving for a deeper connection!! Help me!
My Boyfriend (m20) won't follow "safer at home"
How to handle your S/O missing you in this era of social distancing?
My boyfriend (m/25) is calling me (f/23) too sensitive about being teased
I need to let off some steam about my recent break up...
dumped by first love... what to do next
Is this relationship salvageable? Hoarding immature boyfriend (m39) with emotionally unstable girlfriend (29)
Covid 19 making me doubt my relationship
Covid 19 problem
Performance Anxiety?
I have conflicting thoughts about my girlfriend's behavior and I don't know what to think
Should I (23F) stop playing hard to get with my depressed best friend(21M) Update
My ex (F21) just left me (m20) a few days ago for a good reason. How do i deal with it?
Got a boner while one of my female friends were sitting on my lap.
Depressed girlfriend [20F] pushed me [23M] away during quarantine
Is it pride or is it signs
25m feeling... distant? confused? with 28x partner
My[29m] girlfriend[29f] is upset I spent my money supporting female streamers
My(15f) best friend(15f) is pressuring me to hang our during quarantine.
Boundaries in Relationship
Space in relationship and Covid-19
My(15f) best friend(15f) is trying to pressure me into hanging out during quarantine.
My Gf has a friend that I hate
Space in a relationship
Space in a relationship with Covid-19
Considering breaking up? Watch Daniel Sloss (Ep. 2 "Jigsaw" on Netflix)!
Can i recover my (20M) relationship with my girlfriend(21F) after unintentional broken trust?
sigh
My (F23) ex boyfriend (M26) broke-up with his new gf (F27)
Was I (29M) love bombed by my ex gf (27F)? How to move on from this situation.
Boundaries in Relationship
Girlfriend(18) told me(19) that she purges every other night. I'm worried.
My boyfriend (22) has been talking to other girls and I (19) am worried it is the start of the end
I miss having friends and being social
I miss having friends and being social
I think he’s having an affair
Considering breaking up? Watch Daniel Sloss (Netflix)!
Should I (23F) try to catch my bf (27M) snapchat cheating or am I crazy?
Couples who are living apart amidst the coronavirus pandemic, how often do you FaceTime with your SO?
(19M) had a messy af breakup with my emotionally manipulative ex (19F).
Couples who are currently living apart amidst the coronavirus outbreak, how often do you communicate with your SO?
Boyfriend wants to go visit friend, not sure if it's ok to be upset or if it's just anxiety.
Betrayed boyfriend’s trust and I think I’m being psychologically abused? (24f+24m)
I feel like I handled this pretty well....I'm the blue text
Me [21 M] with my GF (?) [22M/F] 1 Year, emotional manipulation
Is this psychological abuse? (24f+24m)
Not sure if this is just anxiety or if I'm right to be upset, Boyfriend wants to visit friend.
I (M19) had a very messy break up with my ex (F19).
How do I tell my friend I don't want to be a part of her discord server?
I (22f) need advice on how to have constructive arguments with my fiancé (26m). Please help!
Is this psychological abuse? (24f+24m)
Ex fiancé (30sM) is reaching out after leaving me (20sF) and requesting no contact - could this be sincere or should I call this BS?
Found my (27) bff/roomie (28) is pregnant. Help me be excited and supportive instead of negative.
Im a boy (18M) and Im in love of a girl (20F) but im very confused HELP ME
I [29F] am irritated by my BF’s [28M] gaming habits How much is too much?
My husband works and I stay home should he still help with chores?
I this an abusive relationship? (24F+24M)
My fiancé and I cannot figure out how to have a healthy argument.
Should I have ended it or kept trying?
I dont know if i should get into a relationship with him
I (39/f) have no clue how to proceed with my (31/m) friend
Should men help out around the house more?
My (18/M) racist dad (37ish) is stalking our black female neighbor and it's creeping me out
Household chores..... should I expect him to help out around the house more
What are signs you're in a toxic relationship?
I (29/f) have no clue what to do with my friend (31/m) and need advice
Try to catch my bf snapchat cheating or am I crazy?
My [18m] girlfriend [19f] and first love of 2 years told me during a fight she isn't straight, and really hurt my feelings and insulted me in the process. Is it wrong that a part of me thinks it is best for us both to end the relationship?
I (29/f) need advice if I should forgive my (31/m) friend
Subtly neglected and gaslit by partner - should we break up?
What is the thought process behind trying to reconnect with someone in the middle of a pandemic?
Im a boy (18M) and Im in love of a girl (20F) but im very confused, HELP ME :(
I (29/F) have no clue of what to do with friend (31/M)
I Put Effort Into My Relationship But Dont Feel Like I'm Getting It In Return
How do I get my boyfriend (M21) to stop calling me mean names?
My boyfriend expects me to tell him everything
What is the thought process behind trying to reconnect with someone in the middle of a pandemic?
I Put Effort Into My Relationship But Dont Feel Like I'm Getting It In Return
How do I get my boyfriend to stop calling me mean names?
My [F24] dad [M51] passed away unexpectedly a week ago and we buried him yesterday. I broke up with my girlfriend [F24] of 8 months today.
My boyfriend(M21) keeps calling me mean/bad names, what do I do to stop it?
Unique situation between me (26f) and my ne bf (30m)
Reasons to break up
My [F24] dad [M51] passed away suddenly a week ago and we buried him yesterday. I broke up with my girlfriend [F24] of 8 months today.
How many times did you have rebound sex fresh out of a relationship?
How to get my boyfriend(M21) to stop calling me(F20) bad/mean names?
Why is it that parents feel their children owe them for raising them?
I (F,21) feel depressed about losing a friend (F,22)
It bothers me that my boyfriend watches porn
As a 20 year virgin guy, any tips from the other side, which would help in my first time?
I (28F) don’t know where to go from here (30M)
I (22m) don't know how to address my lack of feelings with my fantastic girlfriend (21f) of almost 2 years. What the hell am I doing? What should I be doing? Seriously, I'll take anything.
My (31M) Dad (65M) is becoming intolerable during quarantine and I don't know how to handle it.
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) said that he lied about his personality and now started to change
Less communication in my LDR
How to get it right the first time?
Unique situation between my (26f) newish bf (32m)
I broke up with my bf
My (28F) Friend (28F) Thinks She’s A Targeted Individual
My brother (M21) ruined that one thing that was most important to me other than family (not including him obviously)
I've [18 M] known My best friend [17F] for 3 years now and I love her but she doesn't feel the same.
My boyfriend(22 M) namecalled me(20F) during a political debate which turned into arguement because I had a different point of view
My (21F) boyfriend (24M) said that he pretended to be indifferent at the start and now started to change
It bothers me that my boyfriend watches porn
Is me (17F) getting in touch with him (17M) a bad idea?
Social Distancing and my long distance relationship with my GF
I (18 F) found out my boyfriend (18 M) has gone through my phone without my knowledge.
Problems with college friendship group
How can I (19F) get over my trust issues?
Dealing with a Injury that’s impacting my relationship please help
I just broke up with my bf
How to deal with my (23F) parents (57F, 61M) refusing to train our new dog?
Lonely aches
Is me (17F) getting in touch with him (17M) a bad idea?
I (22M) befriended with (20F) is it okay to have closure for a friend?
Is me (17F) getting in touch with him (17M) a bad idea?
I (28F) don’t know where to go from here (30M)
I (23m) am struggling with the fact that my gf (22f) feels more for me than I do for her. She is still looking forward to the future of our relationship while I am having doubts. Could anyone please share advice or experiences?
Am i a simp?
My Boyfriend Does Not Want Me To Help Him Become A Citizen, What Should I Do? (M/23, F/21)
Fiancé [19] said she feel trap but wanting to try an open relationship?
Should I have ended it or kept trying?
I (22M) befriended with (20F) is it okay to have closure for a friend?
My [21M] best friend [20F] of about a year has been the target for lots of sexual harassment lately.
My friend (22M) unfriended me (16M) due to a game mode
I dont know if this is meant for here, but I need help to help a friend. (Suicide Intent involved)
I feel untrustworthy and I don't know how to fix it
HELP ITS IMPORTANT
Why do men fantasize/like a certain type of female, ie: thick Suicide Girls, then date someone not like that at all?
Is it unreasonable for me to want my parents to help me set a boundary where my brother doesn’t try and cuddle with me and my boyfriend.
Is she not interested or bad at texting?
I feel anxious that I am untrustworthy when I know I am not
I feel like I am constantly gaslighting myself into thinking I'm unfaithful
My Fiancé [19] said she feel trap but wanting to try an open relationship?
Is it unreasonable for me to want my parents to help me set a boundary where my brother doesn’t try and cuddle with me and my boyfriend.
Speechless
My [21M] best friend [20F] is experiencing lots of online sexual harassment
Should I feel guilty that I lost a friend to a video game?
I (23M) am in a rough period with my girlfriend (22F), she wants me to make a final decision.
Should I have ended it or kept trying?
Being recorded on video w/o consent?
I [21F] overheard my boyfriend [24M] telling his best friend [24M] that he's always been in love with his friend [24F].
What to do when your boyfriend points out physical flaws?
I(29F) need help dealing with my 35(F) talkative roommate of 1.5 years
Should I ask her out? Me 35(M), her 30(F)
I(29F) need advice on dealing with my talkative roommate (35F)
Did I [25F] make the right choice in regard to my ex boyfriend's [26M] ultimatum?
I need some advice on dealing with my talkative roommate
What to do when your boyfriend points out physical flaws?
I(18f) feel bad for not being okay with my bf(20m) being a creationist.
my friend (20) is dating a 16 year old and i (20) am the only one who knows
Me (18M) my Girlfriend (18F) have been friends for long and now when we are dating I am struggling a bit with finding new topics to talk to.
I(18f) feel bad for not being happy with my bf(20m) being a creationist.
I [23M] just got into a relationship with my best friend [20F]. She's been acting a bit off or I don't know if I'm overthinking
My girlfriend and I were friends for some years before we started dating and now we are struggling with some topics to talk about .
Being recorded w/o consent ?
I (22F) am weirdly jealous of my partner (21F) watching porn or finding other people hot
How can i (26 F) be ok with my partner (26 M) masturbating during lockdown
I (22F) am weirdly jealous of my girlfriend (23F) of 5 months watching porn or finding other people sexy or hot. How do I deal with it?
Boyfriend and I cant get on the same page sexually... is it time?
My [23/m] girlfriend [19/f] does sexual stuff online for money, and she said something and I don't know how to feel about it
My (24/m) boyfriend tried to get at another girl last week. And I (20/f) don’t know how I’m supposed to give him another chance
My boyfriend keeps jerking off to this Instagram model
I dont know If I'm doing the right thing,help me.
What does it all mean? I’m going insane (27F / 30M)
My (24/m) boyfriend tried to get at another girl last week. And I (20/f) don’t know how I’m supposed to give him another chance.
Me (23m) needs advice on playing it cool with a person I'm dating online
Stranger
Any ladies on here thought about/successfully pulled off proposing to your man? Any men that have been proposed to by their ladies?
How can i (26 F) be ok with my partner (26 M) masturbating during lockdown
Ex fiancé (30sM) in contact with me (20sF) after breaking up - now saying he realizes I was irreplaceable. Should I believe this as genuine?
My (23f) relationship with this guy (24m) keeps getting messed up.
When is it time to call it quits?
I [20M] want to break up with my gf [18F] but I need help.
Masturbating when in lockdown with partner
How do I [21F] stop--or at least minimize--my tendencies that, even unintentionally, suffocate the love of my life [21M]?
I 21M and my friend 21F like eachother a lot, what are something we can talk about or do over texts to get to know each other better?
Girlfriend (f21) broke up with me 2 weeks ago and just told me that she is going to start dating the guy she told me not to worry about...
I (21M) and my friend (21F) really like each other, what are some things we can talk or do over texts to get to know each other better?
Girlfriend (f21) broke up with me and started dating the guy she told me not to worry about a month after.
What are some things we can talk about to get to know each other better before coming into relationship.
My girlfriend (24f) saw something I (24m) wish she shouldn't have, and now my self esteem is the lowest its ever been. Advice on how to go about handling it?
How are your relationships faring during these hard times? Some of mine(29M) are strained...
My (20M) girlfriend (21F) of 3 months is telling me that I violated her early on in the relationship after breaking up with me
Have i (24f) been raped if i had sex (with 25,M) in a blackout?
How are your relationships faring during these hard times? Some of mine are strained...
My girlfriend (24f) saw something I (24m) wish she shouldn't have, and now my self esteem is the lowest its ever been?
How are your relationships faring during these hard times? Some of mine are strained...
How are your relationships faring during these hard times? Some of mine are strained...
How are your relationships faring during these hard times? Some of mine are strained...
He (22m) texted me (19f), now what? Advice needed!
How do I(21M) forget about my ex(23F)?
He texted me, now what?? Advice needed!
My girlfriend (17F) and myself (18M) talk to each other non-stop everyday. It has become a problem.
My (29M) long distance boyfriend (25M) just told me that he has a new boyfriend who has just moved in with him.
My partner (17f) and myself (18m) constantly message each-other. It's become a problem.
Why does my dad hate me so much?
How are your relationships faring during these hard times? Some of mine are strained...
Don't know how if I (20F) should break up with BF (23M) while living together?
My (20M) girlfriend (21F) of 3 months is telling me that I violated her early on in the relationship after breaking up with me
Developing feelings but he has a girlfriend...
My wife (25F) would rather spend time by herself than engaging with me in any of my interests (24M)
Boyfriend has taken care of me during Quarantine
I (24F) am disappointed the guy (24M) I'm dating broke quarantine rules to meet up with his friend
Boyfriend moved in right before we went into lockdown for Quarantine, I got sick, then lost my job. He is a support and blessing.
I (24F) got annoyed at a guy I'm dating (24M) for breaking quarantine rules by going to see his friend. What do I do?
My (22m) roommate (21m) doesn't wash his hands
My roommate doesn't wash his hands
I (14f) got into an argument with my dad (43) and I don't think he'll forgive me
I [22F] can't look at my former friend [23M] the same way after what he did.
I(25M) having trouble moving on from girl(25F) who left me for her ex. Then she came back saying she missed me without telling me to end up ghosting on me
I [22F] can't look at my former friend [23M] the same way after what he did.
I [22F] can't look at a former friend [22M] the same way after what he did.
LDR due to coronavirus, need some advice
How to not stay upset over small things? F(27)
Single Mum who is falling in love with the guy she slept with , and he seems like a fuckboy
My gf (24f) and I (29m) have communication problems
My (27F) and my boyfriend's (32M) sex life kinda sucks.
My gf (24f) and I (29m) have communication problems
(19M) I want to feel what is it like to be loved for once. Is it too much to ask for?
I (22M) dont know if i can trust my girl (20F) in this long distance relationship
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] is hurt by my "cold" tone and body language
My(24m) girlfriend (24f) has COVID-19 and wants me to stay with her
I [22M] need advice because I'm always getting crushed after getting my hopes up for getting a date
I (25F) can't deal with my boyfriend's (33M) porn use
I (22M) dont know what i should do with my girl (20F) that has lied to me about alot of stuff. Am I better of without her? Or should i give this another shot?
My (24m) girlfriend (24f) has COVID-19 and wants me to stay with her
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] is hurt by my "cold" tone and body language
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] is hurt by my "cold" tone and body language
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] is hurt by my "cold" tone and body language
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] is hurt by my "cold" tone and body language
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] is hurt by my "cold" tone and body language
My [24/M] girlfriend [22/F] is hurt by my "cold" tone and body language
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
I [22M] need advice because I'm always getting crushed after getting my hopes up for getting a date
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
My (24m) girlfriend with COVID-19 wants me to come stay with her
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do I (M17) tell my mother (F36) that I've been self harming again?
How do you know when it’s time for a divorce?
How do you know when it’s time for a divorce?
I [22M] need advice because I'm always getting crushed after getting my hopes up for getting a date
I (22M) dont know if my «GF» (20F) is worth my time after lying so much to me. Am I better of without her? Or should i give this another Shot?
I (22M) dont know if my «GF» (20F) is worth my time after lying so much to me. Am I better of without her? Or should i give this another Shot?
I [22M] need advice because I'm always getting crushed after getting my hopes up for getting a date
I [22M] need advice because I'm always getting crushed after getting my hopes up for getting a date
Am I better of without her? Or should i give this another shot?
My wife (25F) never wants to do what I (24M) want to do
Girlfriend said she liked another guy
I'm [M18] to move to my long distance girlfriend [F21] next year.
Girlfriend said she liked someone else
Me [33M] with my GF [30F] 8M, GF doesn't think for herself and we cant experience the simplest of things
I'm going to move to my long distance girlfriend.
I'm (33 F) bored and craving adventure in our lives. He (36) wants none of it. Is our marriage doomed?
I (17M) was molested by my father, groomed overseas. Family dosen’t want to believe my story.
A second chance???
A second chance???
Don't know how to deal with one of my best friends (24M) ghosting me
Had sex and love one of my best friends, don’t think he feels the same
I (30sM) feel like I'm causing a dead bedroom situation - advice would be great!
My(25) sister’s(29) cat died the day before her 30th birthday
I (43F) had a lesbian affair. My Husband (52M) scared off the only person I've felt close to in years. This is the last straw in an already messy separation, and I can't tell anyone without admitting what I've done.
Is using a dating app recommendable, while stuck home all day, to find a girlfriend?
My(25) sister’s(29) cat died the day before her 30th birthday
Is using a dating app recommendable, while stuck home all day, to find a girlfriend?
My sister’s cat died the day before her 30th
HELP!!
I (23F) want to break up with my boyfriend (27M). I can't go to his city because of quarantine. Would it be okay to break up via phone?
I screwed up royally with ending a friendship.
Can I (39F) have a healthy relationship with my ex's (40M) daughter (9F)?
Biggest probems in your relationship
I screwed up royally with ending a friendship and I'm not sure how to fix it.
Biggest problems in your relationship
I (21F) don’t want kids and my boyfriend (24M) really does.
Can I (39F) continue to have a healthy relationship with my ex's daughter?
To break up via phone or not
HELP!
Can I have a healthy relationship with my ex's young daughter?
How to get someone to acknowledge what you say
I've left my husband. Please help me.
I (21M) said some racially charged things during sex, now my girlfriend (20F) is upset.
I'm (20M) looking for advice about my parents(50M/48F)
How to get someone to acknowledge what you say instead of yell or defend themselves back ?
I (21M) said some racially charged things during sex, now my girlfriend (20F) is upset
I (F28) really like my friend (M29) but I'm not sure how to approach him
Should I (20 F) break up with my bf (23M) now or later?
I (25m) am worried I'm losing the woman (24f) I'm planning my life with and don't know what to do
True Love
I’m (33M) out of wedding anniversary ideas with my wife (34F) of 12 years.
My dad (71m) died yesterday and I'm (27m) scared of the future
I’m aware I’m being emotionally abused.
My 27(m) dad 71(m) died yesterday and I'm scared for the future of my family
My(22F) boyfriend(20F) ended up being overjealous and desparate which hurts and exhausts me
Happy 10 years idea...
Should I (20F) breakup now or later with my boyfriend (23M) due to quarantine?
What is this tactic called my mum [62/F] uses on me [32/M]?
My boyfriend (26) is short and skinny, and I (f26) are also quite short but a bit curvy. This makes me so uncomfortable and insecure when I see us together.
My boyfriend (26) is very short and skinny, I (f26) am also short but a bit curvy and I always feel fat/big next to him.
Views on committed couples watching pornography when not together
What is it called when my mother [62/F] does this tactic to me [32/M]?
General questions
Setting your boundaries as an activist
I need advice
Some questions
Im a boyfriend who needs some advice so he doesn't do something stupid
How to get my(26M) girlfriend (22F) to not procrastinate on her studies?
Need advice on restarting our sex life
What are some nice outdoor activities for a couple?
My (26M) girlfriend (22F) constantly procrastinates on her university work. Always asks me to stay up late to help her.
I donated money and now my husband is not talking to me.
I (17F) am starting to not believe what my boyfriend has to say (17M)
I donated money and now my husband is not talking to me.
Me [20F] with my boyfriend [21M] 4 years, haven't heard from him in 3 days
Caught My Man Taping Me (DISCREETLY) During Sex !?!?
My(24M) gf(24F) is immature and I don't know how to help her
I don’t get why people think clinical depression is entirely genetic
Havent been intimate with my BF for almost a week and its messing eith me emotionally
Need advice on restarting our sex life
My bf[29M] does not want to help me[24M] with cleaning.
My bf[29M] does not help me[24F] with cleaning
Tips on living with a partner who has misophonia?
I (23F) feel so petty I can't stop comparing myself to my EX's (27M) ex (27F), I even want to stop learning Yoga because it's her hobby. What should I do?
Was he [M/21] just looking to hookup with me [F/20]?
I wrote my dad’s auto insurance policy and now I really really regret it.
I (f55) feel unappreciated (neglected?!) - what now?!
I (18f) am having issues with my (20 m) boyfriend
My Gf confessed to me that she was sexting another person the sane night she was sexting me
My girlfriend admitted sexting another guy the same night we were sexting
Struggling to heal from a long term relationship -long
My girlfriend [25F] wants me [23M] to start wearing shoes. (Why) Is she trying to change me?
My [18M] older “partner” [30’sF] wants me to stay over with her for the mext few weeks, how could I come up with an excuse to tell my parents?
I told a female friend to take care of herself instead of complaining, and I don't know if I messed up by saying that
I feel unappreciated (neglected?!) - what now?!
Oops I may have fallen in love when I’m not allowed to
Was certain to end things... now, I’m not sure. What would you do?
Was certain to finally end things. Now, I’m not. What would you do?
Would it be weird if I (19 F) messaged a guy (22 M) that I haven’t talked to in a while?
What can I (28F) do for my bf (35F) as a special at-home date night?
Was planning to end things. Now, I don’t know. What would you do?
How do you know if you’re losing feelings? Me(F18), BF(M20) Living together.
Want my GF to work on her booty.
I would like GF to work on her booty.
My (25/f) boyfriend (26/m) of two years loves me dearly, but I don't feel beautiful in his eyes
Gum
My (25/f) boyfriend (26/m) of two years loves me dearly, but I don't feel beautiful in his eyes
Visited my gf today
My boyfriend loves me dearly but I don't feel beautiful in his eyes
How do you catch a women cheating (22M) (23F)
Husband [30/m] is almost always bored, depressed. Maybe my [28/f] fault, don't know what to do
What is your deal breaker in a love relationship?
What is your deal breaker
Is this normal for an 8 year old boy or a massive red flag?
Normal behaviour for an 8 year old boy or a huge red flag?
What to say on the next day of drunk confessions?(on both side?)
My mom [50F] yells at me [20F] completely unprovoked
I want my bf's best friend and I think he knows about it
Should I (M20) break up with my S.O. (F20), or should I stick it out?
I [18F] Am Having a Lot of Conflict with My Asperger's BF [21M]
My mom [50F] yells at me without being provoked [20F] and I'm at a loss here.
Differences with quarantine drinking with my 30F partner 32M
Do your past define you? Is a cheater always a cheater?
Drinking more with my family upsets my partner
I [23M] just got into a relationship with my best friend [20F]. She's been acting a bit off or I don't know if I'm overthinking
SO (30m) of 5years making derogatory comments about/to me (28f) in front of his mother (60s) - how do I handle this
Do your past define you? Is a cheater always a cheater?
Tips on living with a partner who has misophonia?
Do your past define you? Is a cheater always a cheater?
Would you be bothered if your girlfriend had slept with two women in the past? Im 32M girlfriend is 28F.
I want his best friend and I think he knows about it...
Boyfriend of 3 years had secret Snapchat account for over a year
Too many complications
How can I tell whether or not my BF (21)’s Mom (41) has Münchausen syndrome?
SO of 5yrs (30m) making derogatory comments and chastising me (28f) in front of his mother (60s f), advice needed.
I [32/f] was initially far too friendly with my schizophrenic neighbor [60s?/f] and desperately need tips on how to pull back without being cruel.
Should I tell my best friend I got with her ex three years ago?
Free links
Should I tell my best friend I got with her ex (three years ago)?
How many women would be OK cuckolding their BF/Husband?
I (F33)caught my boyfriend (30) cheating on my tonight. With another man. I immediately confronted him and kicked him out and now I am horrified.
Girlfriend
My ex and I are still madly in love, help what do I do?!
My ex and I are still madly in love, help what do I do?!
Me (29f) and my boyfriend (30m) are having trouble dealing with our neighbors (20s m) + (20s f) they continually leave their recycling in our bin.
I love my boyfriend a lot and I’m scared that my overthinking is ruining our relationship
My GF [26f] of 2yrs broke up with me [27m] just as we realized isolation was about to start. Now she's literally living with my duplex neighbor [late-20s m]... is she TRYING to emotionally break me???
My (26/f) friend (29/m) started acting really weird after his friend (30/m) helped me with a college class.
My(F26) boyfriend(M26) constantly overthinks everything and comes up with irrational thoughts regarding our relationship.
I'm (36m) in a 10yr relationship and my (29f) girlfriend is her maturity level is going backwards. Shes become obsessed and addicted to any form or
My(17M) girlfriend(17F) wants me to wear a choker and I dont know how to feel.
Help! Is wanting to go on a break with my(22f) boyfriend(27m) during quarantine wrong of me?
Ex (24F) called me toxic. We used to fight by the end. But I (24M) think she has been toxic to me too.
Should I (23f) stay friends with my ex (25m) ?
My (F25) Roommate (M21) is driving me nuts 🥜
Why do people give up when loosing feelings?
I feel so unappreciated and lonely and not cared for. Living with a boyfriend that never wants to spend time with me . Do I stay or leave
My[31m] gf[30f] ex keeps texting her
I (23F) am so annoyed at my bf (26M) or 7 years and I hope it's a phase.
Help don’t know if breaking up during the quarantine is the right thing to do!
into my ex's friend :(
What was he [M/21] looking for with me [F/20]? Very confused
I'm(19M) feeling financially dependent on my girlfriend(23F)
I'm(19M) feeling financially dependent on my girlfriend(23F) because I'm staying in her apartment while I dont have a job while going to school and she works full time.
Like why
Drunk boyfriend broke up with me for going to the hospital??
I'm(19M) feeling like I am dependent on my girlfriend(23F) financially because I am staying in her apartment and I dont have a job while I'm in college and she works full time.
One more chance???
I got dumped during a stay at home order and we live together
I got dumped and we still have to live together
Me (25F) with my (23M) BF, and I’m wondering if it’s natural to feel bored in this relationship
Meant to be?
My (16F) boyfriend (15M) is making me feel like a gold digger
This girl is giving me mixed emotions, what do I do?
This girl is giving me mixed emotions?
Meant to be?
When should I tell someone I’m dating about my extremely abusive family?
I (23F) feel hurt by something my bf (28M) liked on facebook and not sure if I'm being unreasonable
I [M 30] am unsure why I get bored of making a effort in longer term relationships
When should I tell someone I’m dating about my extremely abusive family?
My fiance (M 29) and I (F 24) just got into the biggest fight of our relationship. We were actually yelling at each other. All due to a miscommunication about math.
should i break up with my LDR boyfriend?
My boyfriend [17] and I [16F] have been dating for 6 months and have recently been struggling due to unplanned separation and communication. Long distance couples, what do you do?
My wife (23) wanted to know about your guys relationships
my boyfriend [17M] and I [16F] are having a hard time finding ways to keep our relationship alive while we can’t see each other. Long distance couples, what do you do?
Should I (29 m) tell my roommate (29m) that he can't have his gf over due to social distancing?
Couples of Reddit: did you or your partner cheat and then never had it happen again?
During his quarantine, me (14m) and my girlfriend (14f) haven’t been able to see each other besides a couple of FaceTimes and it been really tough on me, does anyone have any advice on getting through this.
Frequent nightmares about my ex; making me lose my mind
Was I in an abusive relationship?
Was I in an abusive relationship?
Problems with my ex
I’m (F19) starting a relationship with someone who is emotionally competent (M23) for the first time, my heart so so full.
Was I in an abusive relationship?
32 f fought with 7 yr relationship bf 32m end up Leaving him and wanting to want to be away. I have learned that I am the initiator in conflict. So I can say the fighting is for the most part is my fault. When I break up with him, I leave him for 1-3months.
Am I over reacting to the fact that my father and my girlfriend's grandfather could legitimately pass for father and son?
Am I over reacting to the fact that my father and my girlfriend's grandfather could legitimately pass for father and son?
I’m (F19) starting a relationship with someone who is emotionally competent (M23) fort the first time, my heart so so full.
I successfully remedied a high school regret 10 years later only to find something else...
Am I unlikable?
32 f fought with 7 yr relationship bf 32m
Quarantine, 10 year relationship, new 'short term' long distance and the dog.
Guy (27/M) began sexting me (28/F) last weekend. Now he tells me he's been seeing someone. Was he using me to cheat?
I (23f) Don't Think My (24m) Boyfriend of 4 YearsUnderstands How Much I Need Physical Attention Right Now. Am I Overreacting When I Don't Get it?
I (22M) got in a fight with my bestfriend (21F) about sexual incompatibility
My boyfriend won't let me hang with my friend during to past drama
My boyfriend (22M) claims he has lost his romantic feelings for me (20F) is there a possibility of rekindling the love?
Where to find a role model?
First issue I’ve had with my boyfriend. Should I leave him for this?
Guy (27/M) started sexting me (27/F) first last weekend. Tonight he tells me he's been seeing someone. Was he using me to cheat and gaslighting me for being angry about it?
First issue I’ve had with my boyfriend. Should I leave him for this?
20M 18F 2 year serious relationship, jumps to rebound
I (21f) was accused of sexual assault on my coworker (45m) by another woman (30?f) and it's really stressing me out, how do I move on?
My (21F) boyfriend (20M) has screwed up many times and this nasty habit may be the deal-breaker.
[20M] [18F] broken up but in rebound
Boyfriend [M 27] escalated things sexually without my consent [F 28] and seemed to care more about his self image than my hurt. But after lots of arguing he cares
My boyfriend (M22) claims he has lost his romantic feelings for me (F20) is there any chance I could rekindle the love?
She [32F] does not open up or share anything beyond surface level with me[32M]. How do I deal with this?
How can I (m28) handle this situation with my gf (f26)
He gets upset when I’m nice, what am I doing wrong?
How can I (m28) handle this situation with my girlfriend (f26)
I think my (33m) new girlfriend (30f) may have cheated tonight with her oldest sons dad. Am I crazy?
hi (19M) with (19F)
I feel hurt because my so is stingy
Healing
Ruining my relationship
Idk if I’m overthinking my relationship or not :(
Girl fell asleep during sexting
I need some clarity, am I overthinking my relationship:(
Boyfriend and I cant get on the same page sexually... is it time?
Ex (24~F) of three years texted me (25M) for "closure". Should I respond?
I (F23) gave my boyfriend (M23) of 3 years a hoodie and he thinks it's fake.
(19M) with a (19F) Happy relationship but has a problem...
My Gf and I took a break
I (F22) am at a loss after over 3 years of long distance with my fiance (M22)
Girlfriend (19F) broke up with me (19M) as she realises she's gay
sexless newlyweds
I (18M) feel like I should break up with my girlfriend (18F) of 3 months because I think I've fallen out of love and now I see her as more of a friend than a girlfriend.
Quarantine Issues (TW)
newlywed husband not interested in sex
I, a 17 year old male, am interested in a 17 year old female, but I don't know if they like me back; what are some things to say that might be cute without giving it away?
Found an interesting text from my bf (M27) to his friends. Is he still cheating should I (F23) be worried should I confront him about it?
I (21 M) just realized my father (57 M) has a serious alcohol addiction that is affecting my parents' marriage - thoughts on what to do?
found interesting text involving bf (27) is he still cheating on me? (F23)
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
I (m20) am currently in the early phases of a relationship with another (m20) but need some advice...
32F dating 33M - worried my relationship won’t make it through self isolation
I (20F) slept with my exBF (21M) best friend and I dont know what to do now
Just realized father has alcohol addiction - thought on what to do?
Missed connection
A little emotionally unavailable?
My(M25) gf(F23) gets upset for no apparent reason, and I don't know why.
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) doesn't want us to have our own place because she doesn't want her mother to know
I don’t know if I’m in love with my partner
I (24M) said no to arranged marriage with another family's daughter (26F) and I have became the public enemy of my family
I don’t know if I’m in love with my partner
I need help
When do I bring up more serious issues when I (25F) am trying to date someone (late 20s M) who I’ve never met?
Is it right to do?
Girlfriend (f23) lies to me (m23) and tells her friend she is pregnant. I didn't mind, but she told her friend not to tell me she had said anything because she thought I'd be angry.
My (f21) boyfriend (m21) sometimes overeats until he feels sick...
Help in the bedroom
How should I ask him if this is done?
Can two people with mental health issues date?
Okay to block?
Can two people with mental health illness date?
What’s something your partner does for you that you secretly hate but let them do it anyways because they do it out of love?
Need help.
Okay to block this person?
How should I ask him if this is done?
Recently I(29) invited a girl(29) to my place, she came and we hangout together and had a good time, later we got exited but I didn't make any move, I dropped her to her place and said goodbye nicely, since then she blocked my number and not talking to me. What to do? It's third time I got nervous.
I'm (M24) feeling a lack of attention from my girlfriend (f20)
I'm confused
Me (24) and my ex (23) just stopped speaking after a big fight. Never actually verbally said it was over. 3 months later he's been he wrote me twice.
I need help
(M 24) Feeling a lack of attention from GF (f20)
How to make move with a girl?
What is 'I love you as a human being' supposed to mean?
I [24M] have been talking to two girls [25F] [26F] for several weeks and do not know how to let one down
My (23F) Boyfriend’s (28M) friends hate me. Can our relationship continue?
The heck does this mean..
I (M21) am unsure about the nature of relationship with (F21)
The heck does this mean
Help. I’m falling apart
Can’t sleep and having nightmares about my ex
The next step
IDK if I (26F) am just jumping to conclusions about coworker (26M) because I'm uncomfortable (and high-key annoyed) around him, yet he hasn't done anything wrong or cross any boundaries.
I (38/M) finding my newly GF (35/F) to be sexually un-attractive.
My (23F) Boyfriend’s (28M)friends and their girlfriends HATE me. Is this the end?
Showing your partner what redditers think?
I(38/M) feels sexually unattractive to my newly gf(35/f).
I {29F} was in a dom/sub relationship with a coworker {30M} and miss him.
My (26M) girlfriend (27) is behaving distant.
Help. I’m falling apart
Is my bf losing interest?
My(27f) (ex)friend(21f) presented a friend(22m) of hers that told her he was interested in me but he endup ghosting
How do I (22f) tell my friend (21f) I don’t want her to come along on my trip without coming off like an asshole?
My (26M) girlfriend (27) is behaving distant.
My (26M) girlfriend (27) is behaving distant.
Parents won’t let me sleep at my (18f) boyfriends (19m)
What did he [M/21] want with me [F/20]? I’m very confused
How do I (21F) ask my boyfriend (20M) for more attention/affection during lockdown without seeming controlling and needy?
I [22M] don’t know what to think of this girl [21F] I’ve been talking to
How do I (21F) explain to my boyfriend (20M) that I need more attention during quarantine without seeming needy and controlling??
How uncommon is it to never have been in love at age 27? [27M]
What did he [M/21] want with me [F/21]? I’m very confused
Developing feelings but he has a girlfriend
My boyfriend cheated on me, I forgave him. Now I need your help.
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice? Ladies how ugly am I actually?
My (25F) Roommate (M21) drives me nuts.
im an unappreciative and shitty gf
Me [35 M] with my gf [39 F] of 10 years. She has ongoing skin condition and says worms are crawling in her skin. Don't know what to do anymore.
Turns out my crush is very friendly instead of flirty and quarantine sucks
Me [34 M] with my gf [39 F] of 10 years. She has had an awful skin condition for almost a full year. For past 6 months or so says worms are in her skin don't know what to do anymore.
I (26f) moved my two best friends (25f 25f) into my house. It is putting a strain on my relationship. (34m)
Was I [23F] being too harsh for telling my boyfriend [19M] to stop eating junk food and to not gain anymore weight?
My boyfriend cheated on me, I forgave him. I need your help.
I need to make a new relationship - otherwise I lose the best thing in my life.
how do i explain that i need more attention during lockdown without seeming needy or controlling?
I [19F] moved out during quarantine due to being kicked out, and my ex [21M] is calling me selfish for it
We got quarantined together in the first month of our relationship.
Night shift strain on relationship
my girlfriend won't let pee help
Turns out my crush is just very friendly instead of flirty, and quarantine sucks more now
Bored of relationship
I (28M) don’t know if I’m in an abusive relationship...
My boyfriend(22M) and I(22F) barely fight and people think we’re a terrible couple because of that. Why do people need us to fight each other to be happy?
My(25F) ex(27F) told me he's feeling lonely. How do I stay supportive without raising his hopes?
I (28M) can’t tell if I’m in an emotionally abusive relationship...
My boyfriend(26M) of 8 years broke up with me(24F) for following the rules of social distancing and not coming over to his house
I (22F) barely fight with my (22M) boyfriend and so many people have told us that we need to have more fights to become a better couple. I don’t see the reason why we need to fight when we have open communication.
Am I running by considering divorce or am I insane for considering staying?
We barely fight and people say it’s not good
Why won’t my mind stop
Bored of relationship
We have barely fought and the family is going crazy about it
My(M25) gf(F23) gets upset for no apparent reason, and I don't know why.
My boyfriend wants space and honestly I don’t know to entertain myself...
What can I do to surprise my SO during this time? Our 7 year anniversary is coming up.
My (f 29, m33) bf’s best friend just died; not sure of COVID. No idea what to do/say rn.
I (18F) miss him (22M) so much... do I contact him?
Is it weird that I think about my boyfriend literally all day while in this quarantine? (Long distance relationship)
Boyfriend, Animal Crossing and me
My girl[18F] thinks shes not good enuff for me[19M]
[UPDATE] Think I caught my gf [18/F] cheating on me [18/M]
Boyfriend (33) best friend just died. Not sure of COVID dunno what to do/say RN
My(M25) gf(F23) is acting weird recently, and I don't understand why.
I [28/f] am controlling. I need help figuring out how to stop.
My gf gets upset for no apparent reason.
How do you apologize without giving up your position in an argument? (25m/25f)
I don’t know how to break up with my boyfriend or if i even should.
I (22f) don't know if I can trust him (23m) anymore
Are Circle Jerks gay?
Should I (19F) tell my boyfriend (19M) that I've been feeling off about our relationship after a fight or am I overreacting?
Help guys (and maybe girls)
Is circle jerks gay?
Do you get tired of being the bigger person?
Seeking advice— how to not live in my sister’s shadow
Can you adapt yourself to like/love someone more that you’re not initially very attracted to?
How can I get back at my cousins? Police won’t do anything and they won’t leave me alone?
Help guys (and maybe girls)
Toxic housemate decides to move back in without warning after I’ve been self isolating for 3weeks
Would it bother you if your significant other was watching OnlyFans account videos?
My (16M) boyfriend (49M) keeps calling me a "f***ing scab" when I don't get in the middle of fights with his mom
I kneed him in the head!!!
I want to rant while also hearing if I’m over reacting which I might be.
How should I move forward with my crush? Both 21
Would it bother you if your significant other was subscribed to OnlyFans accounts?
Am I wrong for getting angry at my boyfriend?
How should I (21m) move forward with my crush (21f)
What can I do to surprise my SO during this time? Our 7 year anniversary is coming up
My (21f) boyfriend (22m) seems too be closer to his female bestfriend (21f) then he is to me
New girlfriend [3months] lost sister 2 days ago [24m] [28f]
Play fighting gone wrong
New girlfriend [3months] lost sister 2 days ago [24m] [28f]
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
Boyfriends seems to be closer to his female best friend than he is to me.
I’ve made a mistake, and have learned from it
new girlfriend grieving [24m ] [ 28f] 3 [months].
Girlfriend threatened and was trying to commit suicide. I called 911, and i feel awful.
My paremts are being loud now that we are in quarantine but I don’t know how to tell them
I (17 F) am making my mom (50 F) feel like I am superior to her but that’s the complete opposite of how I want her to feel. Have any advice?
Girlfriend threatened and was going to commit suicide, I called 911 and I feel awful.
My wife doesn’t like how a friend of mine treats me. He doesn’t respect my marriage. What should I do?
26-years-old but still stuck in my sister’s shadow
Boyfriend (28M) patrolling what I eat (22F)
Girl (F24) I (M28) Was Seeing Ignoring My Texts / Blocked Me From Insta Story
Drunken friend.
Girl I Was Seeing Ignoring My Texts / Blocked Me From Insta Story
Feeling unappreciated
Don't know how to feel
How to deal with a flaky friend
My boyfriend [25M] of 1.4 years became more and more distant over the months and told me [20F] yesterday that he decided to end things. Did he find someone else or just got disinterested in me? Relationship seemed great. Need advice. Sorry if long.
Constant disturbing memories popping up
How do you deal with a flaky friend?
Is it fair?...
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
Constant disturbing memories popping up
I (28m) want to apologise to an ex (28f) who I'd like to be friends with
العبارات الإنجليزية الأساسية / تعلم اللغة الانجليزية
My(20 F) father (52 M) laid his hands on myself, sister(20 F), and mother (54 F) for the first time. I don't know what this means
How should I ask my parents to keep the volume down now that we’re in quarantine?
My boyfriend [25M] of 1.4 years broke up with me [20F] and I can’t tell if it is because he got interested in someone else or just stopped liking me? Need advice. Sorry this is a bit long.
Controlling mom and an almost adult daughter
As a 23F who has never been into a relationship and who have never received open love declaration from a men, how can I overcome my self-deprecating sense and get into a healthy first relationship?
A Mom/daughter struggle
:(
How to tell parents about an LDR where your boyfriend is older than you. (20F, 29M)
How to tell parents about an LDR where your boyfriend is older than you. (20F, 29M)
My wife doesn’t like the way a long time friend of mine treats me. I am hesitant, but I think it’s time for the relationship to end. What should I do?
How do I (23/F) tell my boyfriend (25/M) that I cant hang out with him every single day while he's unemployed?
My wife doesn’t like one of my friends. It’s time for the friendship to end. What should i do?
Professionals come at a cost
I [25F] just found out some potentially disturbing things about my boyfriend [26M].
AITA for not wanting my inlaws in my kids lives whatsoever?
We ended up not speaking, it’s been hard it kills me everyday
SOS! Does he love me or does he not?
Ghosting help
My dad (73M) yelled at me, and I've(29M) been avoiding him since. How do I stop avoiding him while ensuring that what he did was not really okay to me?
I feel like I have been emotionally abused by my girlfriend.
Why can’t I just fine her
Long distance issues
Long distance relationship tolls
My (26M) girlfriend (24F) told me to not wish my ex happy birthday
(F23) Was told i"m not as hot or attractive as thor is but does that still mean he (M26) thinks I'm hot??
Girlfriend has alot of sex toys
Wish I wasnt jealous
Told my bf (28m) that I (24f) love him, he didn’t say it back.
My dad(72) said something mean to me(29), and now I'm avoiding him. We still have 1 month of self-isolation left. How do I resolve this situation?
69?
My gf (F18) doesn’t care about my feeling or about my opinion, and I have a feeling that she doesn’t even care about relationship.
I(24f) did something mean to a girl (23f)
In the last two weeks I (29M) started an intimate relationship with the maid (41F) working for my neighbor (80+F). For the first time in my life I experience serious feelings toward someone, maybe it could be love.
My gf (F18) doesn’t care about my feeling or about my opinion, and I have a feeling that she doesn’t even care about relationship.
M(22) boyfriend told me F(19) that my weight affects our sex life.
I (21f) boyfriend (21) having personal problems affecting our relationship?
How olds were you when you met your current spouse?
Should I (23f) stay friends with my ex (25m) ?
Me (21f) Boyfriend (20m) having personal problems affecting our relationship
How do i tell my ex-girlfriend (29) i'm sorry
My (26F) boyfriend (29M) hid a friendship from me. We've talked about it, but I'm having trouble processing.
I'm quarantined. In the last two weeks I (29M) became intimated with the maid(41F) working for my neighbor. For the first time in my life, I'm experiencing serious feelings toward someone, maybe it could be love
he didn’t say I love you back - best way to give him time?
How do I (29F) handle my mom's (late-50s) mounting stress and negativity?
I don't know if I did anything weird to a dental assistant (23m)
Ladies: what realization/piece of advice caused some level of breakthrough for you in dating?
Neighbor upstairs has 2 children (young) and will not stop bouncing basketballs...
How do I learn to accept love, so my relationship doesn’t suffer?
How do I (29F) handle my mom's mounting stress and negativity?
should I (19f) stay friends with my ex (24m) ?
Neighbor upstairs has 2 children...
She [23 F] wants to be with me [24 M] now but she's pregnant. What do I do?
How do I convince myself to accept love, so my relationship doesn’t suffer?
How do I convince myself to accept love, so my relationship doesn’t suffer?
Why does My marine “boyfriend” want to “marry” me but could go for WEEKS without talking to me even when he’s home?
Pregnant girlfriend and I have broken up.
My bf (26m) and I want different futures (25f)
Im going to die from corona because of my ex girlfriend
1st Ever 24 Hour Break Follow-Up Posting - Need Advice
22M recently broke up from my first relationship
My mom [53F] is using my [21F] photos on dating websites
How do I move past being ghosted?
My pregnant girlfriend (20y/o) (6 months pregnant) has broken up with me (22 y/o) what should i do?
How can i make my parents accept my boyfriend?
24 Hour Break Follow-Up - GF (24F) and I (25M) of 4 Years
Am i justified for disliking my stepsister? If yes or no what should i do if i want to improve our relationship.
My ex who also my (f19) first love is 41 years old
Need help
Option A, B or C. You decide.
Need your advice.
Why do I hate my stepsister? How can i fix it?
WHY do i hate my stepsister?
Am I a terrible person?
Am I a terrible person?
Interracial dating: any advices will be appreciated
Roommate is not self quarantining and having multiple people over during shelter in place, should I confront?
M19 why do i feel so sad after a breakup of i’m the one that cheated?
Am I evil?
why do i feel so shit after a breakup if i’m the one that cheated?
Post 24-Hour Break Video Call - Feeling slighted? Infidelity? Am I reading too far into it?
Breakup while stuck together. Just want a pity party.
Moral hold-ups on collecting child support as adult child
My marine “boyfriend” wants to “marry” me but could go for WEEKS without talking to me even when he’s home…
Collecting back pay child support as adult daughter
Can this relationship ever work out? (20M) (26F)
Am I unlikeable?
how to address serious weight gain with SO?
Would you willingly allow yourself to be cheated on if it’s a high-school relationship?
Girlfriend (24f) upset with me (28m) over wanting to self isolate.
7.5 year relationship messed up. Can I salvage it?
My Dad (40M) is having an affair with a (20F), and me (22F) and my fiance (22M) are living with him and his wife (51F)
My Girlfriend (24f) does not want to self isolate from me (28m) and it’s causing strain.
Can my ‘tone’ be that bad?
Boyfriend?? Best Friend??
Best Friend?? Boyfriend??
How should I [23F] handle my religious family's reaction to me living with my boyfriend [22M]?
Am I(26f) justified in feeling this way about my relationship with (27M) bf?
Why Are Divorce Rates So High Amongst Celebrities?
Should I shoot my shot?
My very long term relationship never progresses and I’m tired of waiting for what feels like nothing
I’ve (20F) been pining for the same guy (20M) for years, and I’m reaching the point where I’m about to lay all my cards out on the table.
How to deal with my partners ex - now turned best friend?
I (28m) can’t hold my newborn because of the coronavirus
What are some tips for having good Phone/Facetime dates instead of coffee dates during COVID-19?
I (28m) can’t hold my newborn child due to the coronavirus.
Should I shoot my shot with this girl?
Love and Distancing
My BF (M21) and Me(F21) going on 2 years VIDEO GAMES Okay So My bf is a hardcore gamer which is fine because I enjoy playing games with him as well. So idk if the quarantine has anything to do with due to the fact that a lot of people are home this but when the WiFi acts crazy he goes nuts on me.
Stuck with partner & desperately want out.
My girlfriend (20) asked me (22) if it is okay if she sleeps with other women every now and then, I said no, was this okay?
Ex girlfriend said she 'misses us' but...
My girlfriend (20) asked me (22) if it was okay to sleep with another woman every now and then and I said no, was I right?
My girlfriend asked if it’s okay if she sleeps with a woman every now and then and I said no, was I right in doing this?
Advice
Been With Fiance for 15 Months, NO Job or Income!!!
I (F23) am falling in love with an old bandmate (F23) and it might be reciprocated, but she’s already engaged to another former bandmate (F23) What do I do?
I’m the person that gets ghosted not because I’m toxic, but because I have nothing to say. Help?
What’s LONG distance like
What’s long distance like
Is my mother too controlling?
Is my [25F] relationship with a [24M] who has never experienced mental health issues worth continuing if he can never really understand or empathize with my chronic mental illness?
I (24M) owe my fiancée (22F) a lump some of money for a rental issue regarding our new apartment and I don't think she's willing to drop it...
I’m the person they ghost not because I’m toxic, but because I have nothing to say.
My (29M) lack of support for my GF (33F) personal relationships is causing issues. Can I get some outside thoughts?
Is my mother too controlling?
Should I [22M] text my ex [21F] well wishes?
My (29M) lack of support for my GF (33F) personal relationships is causing issues. Can I get some outside thoughts?
My Girlfriend (16F) feels uncomfortable with kissing me (16M) sometimes. How do I tell her how I feel?
What steps can I take to trust my boyfriend?
My girlfriend ( 22F) is not supporting my (25M) goals and puts me down constantly.
Love and Social Distancing
I’m the person you ghost, not because I’m toxic, but because I have nothing to say.
Help me trust my boy friend
Upset my gf on her birthday
Does your partner’s vaginal hygiene make you better at giving oral?
Unsupportive Boyfriend or Over-reacting Girlfriend
My boyfriend accidentally burned my hand and says that I'm overreacting
Just broke up with my(25f) bf (23m) and I feel awful
My Girlfriend (16F) is uncomfortable with kissing me (16M) sometimes. How do I tell her how I feel about it?
My(m24) girlfriend(f23) has always been paranoid that I’ll cheat. She ended up being the cheater. I told her it was very ironic that she turned out to be the unfaithful one but she never agrees. How do I explain to her what irony means without “mansplaining” or coming off sexist?
F 26 wanting reassurance from M 33 without “changing” him
I made my GF sad on her birthday
i (f/18) told my boyfriend (m/20) he’s the reason i’m suicidal
My BF (M21) and Me(F21) going on 2 years VIDEO GAMES Okay So My bf is a hardcore gamer which is fine because I enjoy playing games with him as well. So idk if the quarantine has anything to do with due to the fact that a lot of people are home this but when the WiFi acts crazy he goes nuts on me.
i (f/18) told my boyfriend (m/20) he’s the reason i’m suicidal
My BF (M21) and Me(F21) going on 2 years VIDEO GAMES Okay So My bf is a hardcore gamer which is fine because I enjoy playing games with him as well. So idk if the quarantine has anything to do with due to the fact that a lot of people are home this but when the WiFi acts crazy he goes nuts on me.
My BF (21) and Me(21) going on 2 years VIDEO GAMES
told my boyfriend he was the reason i’m suicidal
How can I [30/M] fix it after sending a dumb text to this girl I'm talking to [27/F]
F 26 unsure if M 33 should want to meet my needs or if that is “changing” him
My (24f) boyfriend (28m) doesn't love me.
My(m24) girlfriend(f23) has always been paranoid that I’ll cheat. She ended up being the cheater. I told her it was very ironic that she turned out to be the unfaithful one but she never agrees. How do I explain to her what irony means without “mansplaining” or coming off sexist?
Love and Social Distancing
Quarantined with partner and want to end things.
How do I (20F) live with my mom (48F) peacefully after our relationship fell apart
My [28 M] wife [26 F] of 6 Years has lost all interest in sex.
[M+F] Both in our 20's, four years apart. Tried for a few months, but we're now friends(?)
My boyfriend [21M] gets annoyed with me [21F] when I change my profile picture to a picture without him - is this controlling?
I [22/M] met this girl I really like [19/F] and I think I messed up. Need advice on smoothing things over?
My (24f) boyfriend (28m) doesn't love me.
Love and social distancing
I love my boyfriend too much
[M+F] Both in our 20's, four years apart. Tried for a few months, but we're now friends
2 of my (21M) girlfriend's (23F) friends have moved in next door and now we never get alone time.
Can cheaters/liars change? If so, what has to happen to affect that change in your experience?
I'm not used to being in healthy relationships, how do I deal with it now?
Boyfriend of 2 years just cheated on me. What do I do now?
Female friend [42] ignores me F[42]. How to deal with this? 2 year friendship
In your experience, do cheaters/liars change? If so, what had to happen to cause it?
I [22/M] Might have blown it with this girl I really like [19/F]. Looking for advice on how to smooth things over.
I love my boyfriend too much
What’s the most feminist way for me to explain to my 9 and 10 year old daughters that they shouldn’t look up to their mother?
Bf wants to hang with a friend during quarantine despite my heath problems
I(21M) am going through a breakup. Any advice is appreciated.
How do I (23M) deal with heartbreak in a healthy way?
Have you ever experienced being more attracted to bisexual men than to straight ones?
Close friend who’s in an abusive household
have you ever experienced being more attracted to bisexual than to straight men?
I (29 YO F) having difficulties reading the signals and knowing my relationship status with a guy I am dating
One of My (14f) closest friends (15m) knows where I live and is angry and I’m scared he’s going to hurt me
I'm ( 26F) been dating my bf (28) for 4 yrs now.
Am I (24) in the wrong for calling my bf (26) a racist?
Guy being secretive?
my boyfriend thinks i'm a narcissist and now i can't bear to be with him knowing how much i hurt him, even though we want to stay together
My boyfriend asked for space and now I’m freaking out!
Advice is appreciated
Am I (24) in the wrong for calling my bf (26) a racist
Keeping contact with my (27m) best friend/ex(24f), a relationship that had a lot of depth
My (24f) husband's (30m) family (they're black) think that I (I'm white) cheated on him because our daughter is white
(31M) After getting "me too" from her (27F), it just stings at this point
AM I (27F) IN DANGER?! "I'll show her!! " 32M ex entered my home and talked to himself while slamming things
My (24/F) Fiance (24/M) has been seeing escorts
My boyfriend asked for space and I’m freaking out
Is a friendship really a friendship even if we don't hang out almost all the time?
Need advice on how to slow things down in a relationship but only for myself (anxiety + commitment issues = fun)
Am I in the wrong for calling my bf a racist?
(31M) After getting "me too" so much from her (27F), it just stings at this point
Advice is appreciated
After getting a "me too" so much, it stings a bit
I [19F] just realized I don't love my girlfriend [20F] but we're in quarantine together until June
Ex bf broke up and blocked me after I texted him about something that made me uncomfortable?
My boyfriend [19M] keeps accusing me [18F] of trying to guilt trip him every time I comment on something that upsets me.
Is she (f23) interested in me (m25) still or probably not?
My [18F] boyfriend [M19] keeps accusing me(of trying to guilt trip him every time I comment on something that upsets me.
Adult female friend [41] suddenly ignores me [43]
My boyfriend (19) keeps accusing me(18) of trying to guilt trip him every time I comment on something that upsets me.
I love my boyfriend too much
Threesome - Ruining my relationship
Should I wait for the right time?
Friendship advice for a 19F
My boyfriend (19) keeps accusing me(18) of trying to guilt trip him every time I comment on something that upsets me.
How do I [25F] stop having a crush on a married guy
I [25F] want to save my relationship with my boyfriend [25M]. However, his trust issues is putting me on edge.
Happy relationship despite the crisis?
My (17m) girlfriend (19) broke up with me a few days ago.
We never spend time together despite living together and being in a 10 years long relationship
Long distance relationship...
My first girlfriend broke with me recently.
We never spend time together despite being in a 10 years long relationship
My non sugar sugar daddy?
A girl that I don't know of likes me, but I like another girl that I don't know of
How can I (F17) protect myself from a psycho sister (F14)
How am I (F17) supposed to protect myself from an insane sister (F14)
Unemployed brother living off of mother
What do I [F17] even do with a psychopath sister [F14]
Me (34M) recently reconnected with an Ex and I’m considering leaving my wife for her
PLEASE HELP - Am I in danger?! Audio mastering help
My crush [26F] and likes me [21F] back but we're staying friends and I don't know what to do
How to be feeling insecure about being single at 24?
How to stop feeling insecure about being single at 24?
Me and my boyfriend aren’t allowed to see each other during quarantine
Should I stop talking to him
Should I stop talking to him
I feel like my girlfriend isn't honest with me with her sexuality and it drives me crazy
Adult female friend [41] ignoring me [43] since beginning of quarantine. Been friends for 4 years
Can’t stop thinking about a girl who ghosted me?
I [25F] am trying to fix things between me and my ex [25M]. I think it won't work out but I want to try.
I (16M) am not sure what to do with (17F)
Seeking Karma, Reddit Cred for 54 [M]
My crush [26F] and I [21F] like each other but we're staying friends and I don't know what to do
Advice/Karma Wanted for 54 [M]
My (25, f) father (56, m) has turned my bedroom into a gym during this pandemic and doesn't care how it impacts me
My boyfriend (22m) and I (22f) have been together for 8 years and we're now breaking up
My (20F) FWB (32M) is a doctor exposed to COVID-19 and he asked me to have sex with him in the middle of a pandemic. Should I permanently cut off all contact with him?
Do parents feel like they need to spend perfectly equal amounts on their kids?
Ex bf(30) and I want to work on getting back together
What is your success story after a series of unhealthy relationships?
Going to tell my(24F) mom(60sF) I won't come home anymore if my nephew(24M) is still there
I [24 F] laid out my deal-breakers to my boyfriend [27 M], I am both happy and scared. Would like advice.
What is your success story after a series of unhealthy relationships?
Me [27 M] with my partner [27 F] 8 years, COVID frustration about being able to see me
TL;DR; I feel like my partner mothers me a bit too much. She also does some things I really can't seem to wrap my head around .
I keep pushing my boyfriend
I’m 18M and need to get away from my family as they’re doing bad for my mental health.
Please help me
Feeling alone in my house ..yes I have family but . Today I’m missing my boy a lot
Going to tell my(24F) mom(60sF) I won't come home anymore if my nephew(24M) is still there
How to break up with someone?
Let's talk about my boyfriend's mom: 4 short ranting stories. Grab some popcorn!
Going to tell my mom I won't come home anymore if my nephew is still there
How to break up?
I’m feeling alone in my house even with my family
Can your feelings about what is monogamous change, or is it fixed in our brains?
My boyfriend prefers hanging out with both me and my sister as opposed to just me.
Cleaning help!
Is it normal for me (20F) to periodically “check in” on my relationship?
He (21M) kinda lied to me (20F) I guess?
I (16M) am not sure what to do with (17F)
Is it my problem or his?
Cleaning advice?
My gf loves to party and drink a lot but I don't. What should I do?
My (29/m) roommate (32/m) hasn't paid me April rent yet. I know we are only four days in, and money is tight all around for most everyone in the world right, but...
How to Deal With a Toxic Mom
Is it my problem or his?
Nightmares of family and boyfriend stressing me(F19) out
I think my boyfriend likes hanging out with both my sister and I more than he likes hanging out with just me.
is it my problem or his?
Update: How do I fix this?
How do you forgive your ex for hurting you?
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
I might have been the toxic person
UPDATE: How do I fix this
My (24f) husband (25M) are so toxic and he addicted with video games
Will my BF (38M) ever tell me he loves me? (34F)
How do you forgive your ex for hurting you?
Will my BF (38M) ever tell me (34F) he loves me?
How do I fix this?
My girlfriend talks to me like she's my mother and I don't think she realises how much its spoiling the relationship. There's some other things also that I just cant wrap my head around, Am I Crazy?
Update: How do I fix this?
I (23F) have little to no friends, am I a bad person
Suffocated
Follow Up: How do I fix this?
My gf loves to party and drink a lot but I don't. What should I do?
Does Karma really exist?
My (21M) girlfriend (20F) invited her ex to her apartment on our anniversary.
My parents (59/f/m) respect my sibling more than I (30/f)?
Not sure what to do........
How would you feel if your girlfriend had slept with two women? I’m 32M and my girlfriend is 28F.
Partner is mad that I won't see them during COVID Shutdown
7 years in, and I feel stuck.
I'm not sure what to do.......
How did Karma get your ex? Does it exist?l
Am I crazy?
How to Deal With a Toxic Mom
Keeping fire burning in quarantine
How did karma get your ex?
Keeping the fire burning in quarantine
Am I going crazy?
I'm not sure what to do.......
my gf confronted me about having tinder (read to the end)
Reasons why I broke it off
How can my(f18) bf(m18) and I stay optimistic throughout this lockdown?
My best friends girlfriend is driving a wedge between us
I’m pretty sure I’m in love
My boyfriend of two years gets upset when I forget things he's said or done and don't bring them up in discussion organically. I'm not sure if he's been reasonable or not.
7 years in, and I feel stuck.
Reasons why I broke up with my boyfriend
Found out my Dad might be gay... what do I do?
How do my mom (63F) and I (26F) support a friend of ours (50sF) who is still stuck doing whatever her abusive ex (50sM) says?
Keeping the fire burning during quarantine
Guy (26) asked for my (22f) instagram twice to stay in contact and hasnt contacted me after
How do I (33) bring up my brother’s (31) treatment of his son (3)?
I (f24) started dating a woman (f26) RIGHT before the outbreak, we decided to keep dating electronically, that was two months ago.
I'm (M19) in love with my best friend (F18) but she's dating someone.
Holding Grudges
Happy relationship despite the crisis?
My (29F) Husband’s (31M) brother (17M) lives with us instead of his dad for no reason. I’m now so unhappy and uncomfortable in my own home but my husband won’t do anything about it and insists he wants his brother to live with us.
Should I (23M) leave my long term relationship for old love?
I’m the toxic person
My boyfriend of two years gets upset when I forget things he's done and don't bring them up in discussion. Would these upset you?
I love the Quarantine
What gives me the most anxiety regarding this whole COVID-19 situation...
Survivors of abusive relationships who are now in healthy relationships-what strategies do you use to not project your baggage onto your new partners?
I sent my gf pictures of nudes of another girl
Friend with weakened immune system still going out/hanging out w new guy
My (29F) Husband’s (31M) brother (17M) lives with us instead of his dad for no reason. I’m now so unhappy and uncomfortable in my own home but my husband won’t do anything about it and insists he wants his brother to live with us.
Broke up due to life situation (job, future etc.)
Is there any way for me (M13) to tell my mom (F40s) to shut the fuck up without her getting mad at me?
Friend with weakened immune system still going out/hanging out w new guy
Cabin Fever: My mom [50s] and I [20s] are starting to hate each other
Past affecting Present and Future
A rollercoaster breakup, sprinkled with mental health issues and an outsider's assault: Anecdotal advice and answers to share with each other
Musicians on here…do you think it’s important to be in a relationship with someone who is also musical (plays instrument, sings, etc.), or do you think it does not matter?
25F Looking for advice on how to fix my relationship with my parents
ex not respecting my wishes for friendship only
Cabin Fever: My mom [50s] and I [20s] are starting to hate each other.
Should I seek closure from my “ex?”
I (16m) screwed up! PLEASE HELP!
Should I break up with my FWB because I like him?
Found out my girlfriend (23F) hooked up with my best friend
Should I reevaluate?
A little help with a ex
Should I reevaluate?
Should I reevaluate?
Why did my friend of eight years suddenly cut me off?
Should I seek closure from my “ex?”
My (17F) friend (17M) wants me to stay single until he’s 21 but he says he might not want to be with me anyways
I [29F] found out that my husband [34M] of three years has a lot of questionable porn saved despite claiming that the didn't watch any porn
She cheated (23F) so I cheated (23M) but we’re still in love?
I just got out of an abusive relationship (27M) and he is still trying to control my life (23F). What can I do?
I love my boyfriend too much
Girlfriend asked for time, it’s been 4 days, and idk what to do
Just got out of an abusive relationship (27M). He’s still trying to control my life(23F) even though we have no contact. What can I do about this?
I (21F) started speaking to the brother (29M) of a guy (26M) I hooked up with 3 years ago.
Quarantine made us long distance much sooner than we anticipated. How are other couples handling this change
I(25M) having trouble moving on from girl(25M) who left me for her ex when we were dating for almost a month and a half and came back 4 months later without telling me to end up ghosting on me again
(22m) just been broken up with while she's in rehab
Breakups during quarantine?
I don’t know what I’m doing anymore
Girlfriend asked for time, it’s been 4 days, and idk what to do
Am I 28F wrong for breaking up with 32m BF because he was doing tequila shots with his own cum?
I[F18] accidentally signed into my boyfriend’s[M19] email and freaked out and lied about it.
I (21F) started speaking to the brother (29M) of a guy (26M) I hooked up with 3 years ago. Help me come clean.
I(F18) accidentally logged into my boyfriend’s(M19) email and I freaked out and cooked up a bunch of bullshit.
I love my boyfriend too much
"sorry, I gotta go :("
I(25M) having trouble moving on form girl(25M) who left me for her ex when we were dating and came back without telling me to end up ghosting on me again
Do I really like him or do I just want someone in my life so I don't feel alone anymore?
"sorry, I gotta go :("
Pregnant wife left me almost three years ago, life has slowly gone downhill..
My pregnant wife left me almost three years ago, mf life has slowly gone downhill...
How long has it been since you’ve seen you SO since quarantine and has it changed your relationship
How long has it been since you’ve seen you SO since quarantine and has it changed your relationship
Boyfriend [27 M] escalated things sexually without my consent [28 F] and seemed to care more about his self image than my hurt. But now he cares.
How long has it been since you’ve seen you SO since quarantine and has it changed your relationship
My (25F) boyfriend (24M) and I won’t be able to see each other for a month (at least) due to quarantine measures - how are couples getting through this?
My pregnant wife left me almost three years ago. I've been on a downward spiral since.
I (20F) want to ghost a toxic friend (20F) but I feel awful leaving her when she has no other friends
My [22M] ex [20F] is starting to send me hate texts even tho she was the one who cut us off.
I (27f) don't know what do to with my relationship with my bf (37m)
Found out my boss (F/29) is cheating on her partner (F/34) with our coworker (M/32). Not sure what to do
It's been a month and I'm[15M] still not over her[15F]
Can you stop loving someone and carry on as friends? [18M]
Does taking a “break” really help any relationship?
Staying voluntarily single prior to your 'only' relationship.....
I’m Scared should I block this person on discord or should I do something else?
I have depression [22F] but so does my GF [20F]
Me(20f) am falling for my boyfriends(21m)twin brother.Do i tell him?
My Canadian GF [26] says he needs BF even after marriage with me[28]!!?
I have depression but so does my girlfriend
Those who stayed voluntarily single prior to your relationship.....
I, M18 am starting to lose faith of a future with my girlfriend F17
How did the break up impact you?
My Canadian GF [26] says he needs BF even after marriage with me[28]!!?
How badly did the breakup impact you?
Romantic Gesture help
I (22F) need closure from a relationship from 5 years ago with someone I have no way to contact (29M)
If my uncle [35] who lives in Ontario, Canada has a GF even after marriage, is it okay there?
My brother [27M] works long hours at an essential store, should I [21M] try to get him to quit?
How can I support my girlfriend? She is a hero.
There is a locked photo app on my boyfriends phone. [20s] Should I be worried?
Is it true in some countries e.g. Canada, it's okay if your wife/husband has a BF/GF!!?? A guy who lives in Ontario, Canada told me that it's normal there and it's not cheating!!!!? WTF. Say they are in probably 30s
I (M21) cant get over my Ex
Is it true in some countries e.g. Canada, it's okay if your wife/husband has a BF/GF!!?? A guy who lives in Ontario, Canada told me that it's normal there and it's not cheating!!!!? WTF. Say they are in probably 30s
I (M21) cant get over my Ex
Is she the one?
Is it true in some countries e.g. Canada, it's okay if your wife/husband has a BF/GF!!?? A guy who lives in Ontario, Canada told me that it's normal there and it's not cheating!!!!? WTF
I’m scared should I block this person? Any other advice?
I (23f) don’t know how to help with my boyfriends (27m) daughter. (4)
I [22F] feel like my boyfriend [M21] betrayed me. How do I get over this?
Me [29F] with my Fiance [29M]together 5 years, and I just gave him my first blowjob.
How do I [22F] know when to call it quits with my bf [22M]?
I think I (24F) need to break up with my girlfriend (25F)
How do I (F18) end my friendship with my long time crush (M18)?
I’m tired of looking for relationships... maybe I should just be single for the rest of my life...
I (20m) am in love with my friend (25m) but he has a girlfriend (25f) he'll probably marry
I should just be single for the rest of my life...
Is this friendship worth salvaging when her problem partner is still in the picture?
I (21m) am in love with one of my friends (25m) but he has a girlfriend he's planning on marrying.
Do I bother reaching out when my heart feels a little empty for her but she’s still dating the same flog that caused all our problems?
I (25M) am worried I've been doing something completely wrong.
My female friend just keep texting and calling me about her failing marriage, I really want her to stop
Is she (f23) interested in me (m25) still or probably not anymore?
How do I [22F] know when to call it quits with my bf [22M]?
I [26m] am really fat and I think my girlfriend is disgusted by me
I (38f) got into a fight this morning with my longtime boyfriend (39m) this morning over not letting him use my personal laptop while I’m at work
My GF (20F) says she feels like I’m (21M) taking advantage of her
Is my partner staying with me out of convenience?
What should I do?
My GF (20F) says she feels like I’m (21M) taking advantage of her
Got into a fight this morning with long-time boyfriend over not letting him use my personal laptop.
Just a guy looking for relationship advice
Just found out I'm the side chick.
Coronavirus (SARS-CoV2, COVID-19) Mega-thread Announcement, vol. 3
I love my boyfriend too much
Is My (F20) Relationship Doomed?
Moving in with my (27f) boyfriend has made me want to break up with him (28m)
Is My(F20) Relationship Doomed?
BEST WAY TO CATCH YOUR CHEATING PARTNER
My boyfriend cut his hair so short
What should I do?
How do I(20F)get my brother(almost 18) to respect me?- long
Helpp
I love my boyfriend too much
Why can’t I find a boyfriend? !
What is my deal?
Just found out that the girl (23F) that I've (24M) have been into for awhile, has a rich family
I dont miss my boyfriend.. but I know that I should
PLEASE HELP - Am I in danger?!
My GF and I had an argument about her friend [we’re both 27F]
“Girl Bestfriend”
First serious relationship. Discovering issues I didn't realize I had
Help on ways to mend this fight between me (19M) and my gf (19FM)
How do I (25F) distance myself from my family?
How do I (25F) distance myself from my family?
Would it be wrong to ask my (26F) boyfriend (26M) to message me more?
seeking advice/comfort
need advice/comfort
I (23F) found out my partner (24M) is a lying POS
Ghosted rant
“Girl Bestfriend”
I (15M) got my crush's phone number (15F), where do I go from here?
When you find out
I (15M) got my crush's (15F) number, where do I go from here?
Sudden change
Love in the Time of Cholera :) Me (31M) and the girl I am dating (30F), who lives in a different city. Probably the first time in my life when I am falling for someone so quickly.
Report Incels?
Love in the Time of Cholera :) Me (31M) and the girl I am dating (30F), who lives in a different city. Probably the first time in my life when I am falling for someone so quickly.
My (21F) parents (50M, 50F) do not listen to me at all, and it is wearing me down. How do I deal with this?
Would it be a good idea to surprise bfs parents for Mothers/Fathers day?
I (20F) blame my mother (53F) for making me ugly
Should I/How do I tell one of my friends (21F) that our other friend (21M) doesn't value her as much as she does him?
I [28F] told my new boyfriend [33M] that I’ve slept with two girls in the past. Now he’s acting weird. Whats his problem?
“Girl Bestfriend”
The always single girl
Worried my brother-in-law (m37) and his lesbian best friend (f37) are so close they fail in relationships with other people.
I 32m sent a dick pic to a girl 31f and it wasnt recieved well.
i [20F] have a huge crush on a friend [23M], should i tell him i like him? should i tell him at all?
Bf(31) and I are working on how to continue our relationship
I 32(m) sent a dick pick to a girl 31(f) and it wasnt recieved well.
Is my brother (15M) abusing me or am I (13F) being too sensitive?
Girlfriend moved abroad for a year and cheated
I feel ignored by my GF
21(M) confesses his love and then won’t respond to texts for hours 20(M)
My girlfriend (16F) feels uncomfortable with kissing me (16M) sometimes. How do I tell her my feelings?
21(M) confesses his love for me and then now won’t respond to my texts 20(M)
My (18F) boyfriend (21) has been acting aggressive for the past month over small issues.
It's been a month but I'm (19m) still mad at my ex (21f) for almost cheating on me while we were together. We've been together for 6 months and I broke up with her last month.
Desperate for advice. Love my wife.
Girlfriend moved to different country and cheated
I [M23] need advice with ex [F23]
What was he [M/21] looking for with me [F/21]?
I (19F) don't know how to deal with my girlfriend's (20 F) emotionally abusive parents
Looking for advice. Love my wife.
I (23M) need advice, ex (23F) added me on snapchat a week ago
"Friend"(20 F) of mine I (19 M) like continuously lies to me, leads me on, and guilt trips me. And I keep falling for it.
Long story short I (F17) snuck out with my boyfriend of 7 months (M18) and got in a car accident.
(20f) feeling suffocated by my boyfriend (25m), need full days alone but can’t ask him to leave because he’s homeless and it feels like my responsibility to make sure he has shelter (advice please)
I [17F] have it really bad for my [29M] coworker. Help.
Developing interest on a coworker
İ (20M) am seeking a relationship with my ex (21F). İ feel like we are almost there but something is missing.
l (20M) am seeking a relationship with my ex (21F). l feel like we are almost there but something is missing.
Is my brother (15M) bullying me (13F) or am I overreacting?
Relationship
Went single again
Relationship
I’ve (20F) been pining for the same guy (20M) for the past couple years and I’m really about to risk it all, because I’ve had it.
My fiance(f23) and I(m26) need an unbiased opinion.
My (26f) bf (34m) said that he would an instagram model with mutual friends
My (38F) ex (39M) got back together with his ex (30F) and they're expecting
(Silly Question) My fiance and I are both stubborn and need unbiased opinions.
The girl (20F) I'm seeing says "she's not ready for a relationship" but tells me (20M) she feels like she's falling in love.
Should I (20transM) text my boyfriend (20transM) more often?
My (27F) bf (34M) said that he would choose an Instagram Model
My ex girlfriend (21F) and I (25F) have been together for quite some time and at one point, lived together in an apartment shared with one of my co-workers (34 M), that sexually assaulted me.
Getting back together after 5 years?
Am I (23M) overthinking girl's (23F) reply patterns?
Am I (23M) overthinking girl's (23F) reply patterns?
Getting back together after 5 years?
I (22M) think I like my best friend (20F) but I'm worried that she might be using our relationship as a form of escapism
The void
3.5y relationship [26F/32M], mutual trauma. What do I do?
How to know if my gf is abusive and what to do?
Is my (21f) boyfriend (25m) ashamed of me?
Help with Girlfriend
How to be myself when dating?
She (19F) have been seeing me for about 8 months, took a lot of my (24M) firsts and now we are not on talking terms. What do I do now?
Guy[26M] I’m[22F] seeing said he has a thing for Asian girls and I’m freaking out?
Is this normal?
My (21f) SO (20nb) posted nudes on a fetish site and engaged in sexting over months
I (26M) found some conversations of my fiancé (23F) with another guy
Guy[26M] I’m[22F] seeing said he has a thing for Asian girls and I’m freaking out
I (16F) am Bisexual and My Parents Hate Gay People
Squabbling about marriage with partner. Advice would be appreciated
Help with girlfriend
I (16F) am Bi and My Family Hates Gay People
Guy I’m seeing said he has a thing for Asian girls?
My (21f) significant other (20they/them) posted nudes on a fetish site and sexted without telling me for months
How can I [F20] be so enamored with someone sexually but so irritated with him [M21] the rest of the time?
Girlfriend and COVID-19 Problem
Am I ready to date again?...
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] was so upset of his haircut and he wouldn’t talk to me. What to do to help him once he’s calmed down?
How COVID-19 led me to fall for someone 4,000 miles away:
My [26] gf and i [25] have been dating for a year. She attempted suicide, not sure what to do with our relationship.
I broke up with my bf and I want to date again...
I (21F) found old messages of my boyfriend (23M) asking other girls to meet up for sex
MOH + Best Man = Awkward??
M23 F23 he met someone new then broke up with me. How do I even move on after being replaced and hurt? Will he regret it?
Fiancé moves in to only move out day after, missed his parents too much
How do I (F18) tell my crush (M18) I don't want to be friends anymore?
I found old messages of my (20F) boyfriend (22M) trying to meet up with girls to have sex
My (21f) boyfriend (25m) doesn’t “show me off”
My gf(18) just now fully told me (19m) that’s she like both gender and I’m upset about it
HELP! Is she (f23) still interested in me (m25) or not?
How do you start?
Am I wrong for being mad at my gf(18) for just now telling me she’s bi?
Am I (19)wrong for being mad at my gf (18) for her finally telling me she’s bi after 7 months?
This is how it all started
Fiancé moves in to only move out one day after
This is how it started
Am I wrong for being mad at my girlfriend after having a conversation about her being bi
Love is rare
Best friend (21F) invited me (21M) into her bed then left to sleep in another room
Am I wrong for being mad at this?
Anybody else's life about to get really good until corona?
I’m (M27) falling in love with someone (F28) I dated, who now only wants friends with benefits... Help!
Dealing with moody bf who throws a tantrum
What's the correct way to manage the aftermath of a fight with my [27, F] boyfriend [31, M]?
what if my ex just wont text me because i won’t text him?
(30f) I am starting a weekly ZOOM meeting support group for COVID-19 related relationship turmoil...join today at 3pm CT!
(30f) I would like to start a ZOOM support group for anyone dealing with relationship turmoil during COVID-19
My (24/F) Fiance (25/M) has been seeing escorts for months
Was this a genuine compliment from him?
Is it normal for me (20F) to periodically "check in" on my relationship?
Is she (f23) still interested in me (m25) or not anymore?
Help, my freind (17M) gave me (16M) a hint as to if my crush (15F) likes me or not, only problem is I’m having a hard time understanding it
Left relationship due to her smoking...
I needed a place to vent where I wouldn’t get judged. I tried doing something special on FT for his birthday.
17 m. Any girls looking to hangout or something
22m just got broken up with after 3 years while she's in rehab
I’m (M27) falling in love with someone (F28) I dated, who now wants friends with benefits only.... HELP!
My (23M) girlfriend (26F) broke up with me today.
I needed to vent somewhere I wouldn’t get judgeddd (I tried doing stuff for my ex on FT and it didn’t go as I hoped)
Is it okay for people to hold hands on their first date?
Need advice on my relationship
Vengan tamos con amigos
Is it okay for a couple to hold hands on their first date?
Wife is being unnecessarily mean to best friend's gf, advice
My (20M) gf (21F) is saying that she can’t marry without prenup
Girlfriend and COVID-19 Problem
How to not be scared of love?
I [21F] lost the best relationship I’ve ever had because of my depression
I don’t know where else to go for help
My (16F) ex (16M) talked to me yesterday, and it's interfering with my relationship with my new boyfriend (16M)
If you’re friends with your ex, how did you make it work?
I (M 25) have anger issues and I don’t know how to process/control it to save myself and my relationship
My (20M) gf (21F) is saying that she can’t marry without prenup
Sorry for my bad English
Is it even worth pursuing him if I’m still confused by his intentions?
Husband (27M) constantly eats all the snacks that I pick out for myself (23F) and it's really ticking me off.
Gf (18f) thinks its okay to kiss others while playing spin the bottle
My [27M] girlfriend's [27F] sister [25F] came onto me
BF (M30) keeps snapchat streaks
My (20F) sister (25?) cut me and my family off because I am having another child.
BF (M30) keeps snapchat streaks
Gf (18f) thinks its okay to kiss others while playing spin the bottle
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
What can I (27M) do to help my girlfriend (29F), who has the habit of getting defensive and very angry, get better? I want to do my part.
What can I (27M) do to help my girlfriend (29F), who has the habit of getting defensive and very angry, get better? I want to do my part.
My [27M] girlfriend's [27F] sister [25F] came onto me
I(28/f) don’t know if I should breakup with him(26/m)
My (26f) BF (31m) doesn’t have anything to talk about with me. Am I being unreasonable?
I’m [23f] unsure if my mom [57f] is actually trying to be supportive or not
Is playing spin the bottle and then kissing someone else okay?
What would you do if your boyfriend revealed that he had a diaper fetish?
I(28/f) don’t know if I should breakup with him(26/m)
25 F Asian woman who admits she has “white fever”
I miss my boyfriend so much! I can't see him until this is all over (his parents are doctors) and idk what to do. I just miss him so much!
My boyfriend (34M) “teases” and “jokes” with me constantly. He says that I (23F) am overly sensitive, am I actually being abused?
Trial by Reddit - Jurors needed - Accused of being a husband and wasting her time
I (18F) discovered I was pregnant recently. My boyfriend (21M) does not want to keep it.
Caught my bf (35M) using the escorts. Want to tell his parents
I (18f) lost my mom to addiction, now I'm afraid I'm losing my dad (48m) too.
Caught my bf(35M) using the escorts. Want to tell his family
Is it normal for a guy to open up to you and then disappear?
Social Distancing & Extended Family Visits
Do you think his compliments are genuine?
Girl is intimidated by me?
My (26f) BF (31m) doesn’t have anything to talk about with me. What am I doing wrong?
Trial by Reddit - Jurors needed - Only the facts will be presented - Cast your vote now!
I’ve been pining for the same guy for years, and I’m willing the universe to help everything come together.
[19F] I’m butthurt after an unsuccessful tinder relationship
Am I doing something wrong if I’m not the most special person my partner has dated?
Girl is intimidated by me?
Feeling like dating and love is just fake
My mom (60) I think may be overly stressed and have some issues I don’t understand and is pushing me (30) away.
I’ve been pining after the same guy for years, and this year is looking good for me.
So feeling weird about having crushes and wanting a girlfriend
I (23M) am dating a girl (23F) and getting insanely frustrated because of COVID19.
I’ve been pining over the same guy for years and this year is looking good so far for me.
Am I doing something wrong if I’m not the most special person my partner has been with?
Do you know how to flirt someone who lives in other city?
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) told me I'm unreasonable for asking he run it by me before having guests over. Is he right?
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) says I'm being unreasonable for asking that he run it by me when having people over. Is he right?
My (26f) boyfriend (31M) doesn’t have anything to talk about with me. Am I being unreasonable?
My boyfriend [25M] and I [21F] broke up
What do I do about my D**k of a father and his mistress
How to deal with being quarantined away from boyfriend?
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) said his stepsister (15F) is hot (r*** mention tw, long)
How to deal with being quarantined away from boyfriend?
my [18F] bf [18M] isn't a part of my life
In a weird place
My(23F) husband(24M) made a mean joke and it really concerns me.
my [18F] bf [18M] isn't a part of my life
I (25f) broke up with my (26m) SO and I feel like I’m leading him on.
My(23) husband(24) made a really mean joke about someone, and it made me upset.
UPDATE: The guy (36M) I’m (32F) dating is bizarrely aloof and formal in person, but affectionate over text.
My (19F) boyfriend (20M) said his step sister (15F) is hot [rape mention tw, long post]
Broken heart: Need advice [F20’s] [M25]
I (30M) don't know how I feel about the girl (28F) I'm dating
I (25F) have broken up with my (26m) SO but feel like I’m leading him on.
Boyfriend moving out of state
Slept with my guy bestfriend
This is gonna sound nuts - 18M
UPDATE: The guy (36M) I’m (32F) dating is bizarrely aloof and formal in person, but affectionate over text.
Boyfriend moving out of state
Is my girlfriend actually funny or am I just brainwashed into believing that?
Broken heart: I need your advice.
GF [24F] won’t stop pausing movies and shows we’re watching to text - [26M]
Girlfriend thinks I gave up on our relationship
What am I [F/28] supposed to say to my fiance [M/31] when he's upset and in a bad mood because he has to work with his dad tomorrow? We go through this every weekend and idk what else to say or do?
Alright this is gonna sound nuts - 18M
She was raped (20f) and I'm (30m) looking for advice
I don’t feel like a priority to my girlfriend?
My (f18) girlfriend (f19) has a habit of breaking up with me when things get hard and I don’t know what to do
I [27/F] have a hard time understanding if my feelings are normal with my boyfriend [27/M].
I opened up to a girl I like a few days ago, today she broke my heart...
I (F25) want my friend (24M) to finally understand my flirting isn't really as a joke.
My (f18) girlfriend (f19) has a habit of breaking up with me when things get hard and I don’t know what to do
I [20 M] have been talking all week with a girl I’ve liked for a while [20 F]. Thought it was going well, but all of a sudden, no reply from her. Am I stupid to pursue this?
What to do??
Seek revenge or let it go? A personal view.
Girl Troubles - Talking everyday for a month and a half now taking long to reply (Both 16)
Girl Troubles
Basically, it’s a very toxic family relationship.
Should I tell my boyfriend the truth
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice?
handling good friends gf who is my polar opposite, help
Fiancé has mother on life insurance not me ...
How to deal with a crush?
I'm Jealous of my girlfriends photos, but why?
Been friendzoned forever. Help?
Has anyone broke up in a relationship and got back together and had it actually work out?
Cousin's family is falling apart in lockdown. Parents are at ends with each other.
am i weird for feeling the way i feel?
I BLACK (18F) FIND IT HARD TO CONFINDE (18M)
I (f15) just realized that my friend/crush/girlfriend (f16) is toxic towards me. How do I tell her that I'm done with her bullshit?
i(18f) and bf (18m) refuses to get phone fixed and its making LDR hard
Can't get alcoholic dad(59/M) to stop drinking
Me [22/F/] with my bf [26 M], 6 month relationship,i am a compulsive cheater and i want to stop, how to handle this new relationship?
Are me (18f) and my girlfriend (17f) being dumbasses by already talking about wanting to get married or is this just how lesbians are?
Is she (f23) interested in me (m25) still?
My girlfriend (34F) and I (25M) are having trouble staying communicative in these times of coronavirus. Don't want to deal with a breakup on top of a pandemic!
My (22M) GF (23F) wants to break up.
I think I broke her heart.
Husband (34M) comes home without saying hello. Says I (31F) need to change my expectations . How do I do that?
I (25 F) found out my bf (29 M)was talking to a trans prostitute
Husband (34M) comes home without saying hello. Says I (31F) need to change my expectorons. How do I do that?
Before bed check in
I think I broke her heart.
Can't get alcoholic dad to stop drinking
Husband (34M) comes home without saying hello. Says I (31F) need to change my expectations to not need that emotional support. How do I do that?
I (20F) am in love with my bf (24M) but my best friend (20M) just confessed his love and I am Confused.
Anniversary gift ideas for my girlfriend of almost 2 years? Both 19F
What is my newly gf thinking
I (19F) and my (22M) boyfriend of 11 months have recently broken up and now I’m conflicted
my (17f) boyfriend (19m) of 11 months is abusing me but he hurt himself so now I can't leave
I (25 F) discovered my boyfriend (29 M) was talking to a trans prostitute and can't take this out of my head
Why do I get jealous of my girlfriend over nothing?
TALK WITH COUPLE ON ZOOM. RELATIONSHIP ADVICE
Should I have a relationship with my dad?
[Non-Romantic] Sister (26 F) and her Partner (35 M) have moved in with my mother (50 f) and I (23 f) and causing extreme disharmony in the home.
Did I do the right thing?
My (23 F) sister (26 F) and her boyfriend (35 M) are driving me and my mother (50 F) up the wall. HELP!!
Talking before bed (29F) and (32M)
Me (22F) uncomfortable being called sexy by my bf (26M)
Just found out a guy I’ve been seeing is playing me
Talking before bed
I (27F) flew back home and left him after 1 week because bf (28M) said I wasnt paying for anything?
Me (F, 26) and my bf (M, 27) have moved in too soon and now we're stuck inside
Relationship Advice (or lack there of)
I flew back home and left him after 1 week because he said I wasnt paying for anything, am I wrong?
Me(F, 26) and my bf (M, 27) have moved in too soon and now we're stuck together.
Bf and I moved in too soon and are now stuck inside
Is there anyways to fix this relationship with my cousin?
My dad (46M) wants me (27M) to move in with his new family after my mom’s recent passing
This is the long, sad, unconventional and true story of my first love and the effect it's had on me
I(17F) sent nudes to an anonymous person but i have a (1.5 year) boyfriend(17M)
cw/ self harm and suicide: my (17f) boyfriend (19m) is threatening self harm and suicide.
My (30F) Parents (60’s) Not Taking Pandemic Seriously
My [17F] boyfriend [18M] asked another girl for nudes
New partner infect me! Help?!
My (30F) Parents (60’s) Not Taking Pandemic Seriously
Overthinking/Insecure M22F24
My (22F) partner (30M) left me and his kids in the middle of the night after an argument...
How do I [20F] approach this friendship?
I [M24] get upset when my long distance girlfriend [F25] is busy and can't give me time and attention and keep doing it multiple times even after promising to stop, and it's pushing her away
My [22M] ex [21F] texted my brother yesterday? What should I think of this?
I(17F) sent nudes to an anonymous person but i have a boyfriend(17M)
Overthinking/Insecurity M22F24
My (22 F) partner (30 M) left me in the middle of the night with his children after an argument.
When do people show red flags?
My [22M] ex [21F] texted my brother? What does this mean?
how do i make him make the first move without making the first move myself?
I (18F) have been inlove with my best friend (18M) for 3 years and I fear I may lose my chance forever
I have sent nude to an anonymous person and I have a boyfriend
My partner left me in the middle of the night with his kids after an argument...
Am i a bad person for ignoring my bf?
Red Flags
Is it bad if i ignore my bf on purpose?
Birthday in isolation
Guilt over poor relationship with parents [20sM][50sMF]
Wondering if I (21F) should try to reach back out to my ex girlfriend (19F) or just let it go.
Birthday in isolation
My BF got drunk and asked another girl for nudes.
My dad (M63) confessed to my mother (F60) he's been secretly love with her sister (my aunt F59) for the past 15yrs and has even gone as far by approaching my aunt to ask her to have sex with him. I don't know how to react or to feel towards my dad now.
Need relationship advice: My (27M) girlfriend’s (35F) making me wear a paper bag over my head for a mask in the pandamic! Even in bed! Especially in bed! she says. Should I be offended?
My (m33) gf (f32) has suddenly gone cold on sex and I don’t know what to do
Just had the first real argument with my(28M) gf(26F) and it was eye-opening.
Wondering if I (21F) should try to reach back out to my ex girlfriend (19F) or just let it go.
Did my new partner infect me? Help?!
Is it a bad idea to be the second stripper at my Fiance's [26M] bachelor party? Dating for 5 years
Wondering if I (21F) should try to reach back out to my ex girlfriend (19F) or just let it go.
IM NOT SURE IF SHE LIKES ME MORE THEN A FRIEND (MALE 23) (FEMALE 21)
Many around me think my boyfriend's demand is a red flag, what do you guys think?
Need relationship advice: My girlfriend’s making me wear a paper bag over my head for a mask in this here pandemic! Even in bed! Especially in bed! she says. Should I be offended?
My husband (m/27) play games for 7 hours or more and smoke weed 2 times per day during quarantine, I (f/27) can't stand this, please advise.
I [17F] cut off a close toxic friend [17F] but she wonders if we're still friends and I'm not sure
Uncomfortable / anxious around my father
How should I [20F] approach this friendship?
Ladies, what should I (23M) include in a coupon booklet for my girlfriend (20F) of 1 yr?
I (17m) struggle with my girlfriend(17)during quarantine
Ladies, what should I include in a coupon booklet for my girlfriend of 1 yr?
Uncomfortable / anxious around my father
How to deal with my bf's problems
I(17) stuggle to keep a bond with my mostly girlfriend (17) due to the quarantine.
My 3.5 yr relationship ended between me (24) and my boyfriend (23). Looking for advice.
I think I pushed my EX GF away.
I pushed my EX GF away.
My girlfriend (22f) broke up with me because of stress but we kept in contact. She recently got a new boyfriend. What do I do?
What to do?
Boyfriend(19M) kicked me (19F) and I'm feeling conflicted
What would you do?
How should I approach this friendship?
My boyfriend's jealous of one of my closest friends
My [19F] friends tricked me into thinking that my (ex) boyfriend [18M] cheated on me, I want to get him back, but I slept with another guy and showed him the sex tape.
Friendship before dating: good or creepy?
How to have the “where is this going” conversation?
Dating with no future?
How to have the “where is this going” conversation?
My girlfriend thinks she looks gross and chubby, her low self esteem is causing me to find her less physically attractive.
Is she (f23) even interested in me (m25)? Or should I not bother?
My girlfriend (22f) of 2 years broke up with me because she was too busy. We kept in contact but she recently got a boyfriend. What should I do?
All my [M/21] friends take me for granted - what should I do?
How to have the “where is this going” conversation?
Is sexual tension mutual?
I [32] think my mother [64] may have borderline personality disorder. She’s always pitting people against each other. Just had a conversation with her that ended poorly
Is anyone else in a me or dog situation?
Having the “where do you see this going” conversation?
Do I (30F) have a right to be upset with my fiancé (30M) about his female fan?
I(22f) found a mutual Friends photos of her egirl account in my boyfriend's(25m) wank bank and I'm unsure of how to move past it.
How to deal with this never ending guilt?
Casual hookup
What can I do to make things up to my girlfriend?
How do i deal with the never ending guilt?
My (32M) wife (29F) is using video editing software to convince people on tictok she's a teenage girl?
My boyfriend (22m) and I (22f) have been together for 8 years and are now breaking up
I (24F) always initiate daily contact with SO (25M). Should I continue or just stop?
Is my crush using me?
My boyfriend (22m) and I (22f) have been together for 8 years and are now breaking up
Do I (24F) initiate messages too much with bf (25M)? Advice please?!
Me or the dog???? Job - bf - dog - resentment - guilt
Is she (f19) interested in me (m20) still? Does she want me?
I think I messed up my own chances.
My (23F) boyfriends (24) father died a week ago and it’s my boyfriends birthday on Sunday. What to do?
Anyone else always the initiator?
Are her inconsistent texting habits a problem or am I overthinking? (24M) (22F)
How can I (29f) help my boyfriend (31m) feel attractive when he's recently gained weight?
My boyfriend [30M] and I [30F] got back together a couple of weeks ago after a breakup over his language towards me/drinking. Yesterday he drank again and lied to me about it. Not sure what to do at this point.
My (23F) boyfriends (24) father died a week ago and it’s my boyfriends birthday on Sunday. What to do?
M(22) confused about emotionally unstable F(20)
When my ex left me for another woman my libido left with him
Kind people of Reddit...I need your advice .
Confused about my boyfriends sexual preference. Am I being closed minded?
Catch 22 - Me or dog??? Long post but HELP!!
My [M27] partner [F30] has told me that I come off as insecure about our relationship.
Unknown sexual preference of my boyfriend.
simple question about meeting others
Has anybody who has been in an abusive relationship been viewed as the abuser when they weren't?
My [M27] partner [F30] has told me that I come off as insecure about our relationship.
I (24f) am becoming more and more jealous of my boyfriend‘s (25m) online activity
Is she (f19) interested in me (m20) still?
My ex (22F) best friend and I (22F) got into a BIG fight **TL;DR;**
My [M27] partner [F30] has told me that I come off as insecure about our relationship.
My ex (22F) best friend and I (22F) got into a BIG fight
My [18M] girlfriend [17F] lies to me about how she is doing and says it is because of trauma.
Roommate won't stop bringing people over to our apartment; how should I tell him I'm moving out?
My ex who stopped having sex with me can't get his hands off of the woman he left me for and I don't feel sexual anymore
Feeling like love isn’t worth it
شركات نقل العفش
Need indoor/budget friendly, accessible, ideas for 4th anniversary
I'm in what I'm pretty sure is an abusive relationship and I don't know what to do.
Follow my YouTube channel please couples and cars videos INVISION2LYFE
Advice needed. Am I being a bitch or not?
Am I wrong for being mad at my mom?
I (24F) need more from my boyfriend (30M): am I being selfish?
Am I in the wrong for being mad at this?
How do you remain broken up?
My (F23) bf (M22) keeps me up all night when he’s gaming with friends
Gamer boyfriend on my last nerve
What are ways to show my partner that I feel secure in our relationship?
I want to get out of this, but my mentality won't let me. Please help! [M20] & [F20]
PLEASE HELP
My (F23) bf (M22) keeps me up all night when he’s gaming with friends
My boyfriend's [M32] friend [M34] is territorial about him and it's getting under my [F27] skin
I want to carve my girlfriends name onto myself
Should I (F34) tell my friend (M22) that's he's beautiful?
my roommate (30m) tried to get me (30nb) to open up and reach out to him, didn’t end well.
Should I (m20) break up with my GF(f20) of 2 years ? Any advice ?
My (F23) bf (M22) keeps me up all night when he’s gaming with friends
In an LDR and bf (M21) cheated on me (F22) months ago and only confessed recently
Am I [22 M] over reaching about how often my gf [20 F] and I are having sex?
I don't know if I should break up with my girlfriend or not, please help
I feel lost, I think I’m done after 6 years.
How do I (m20) respond to a crush (f19) of mine?
I ( 23M ) am having trouble getting over an ex ( 22 F )
My (20 F) boyfriend (23 M) is quite selfish during sex and it's starting to bother me
How to kindly get my friend to stop asking about my love life/guy I'm seeing?
I(23M) found out that ex-girlfriend(24F) is pregnant, the baby is from a co-worker of her. I'm devastated
My ex girlfriend is going the crazy route. What now?
Found messages that point towards my husband cheating
I (18M) feel so down when I see my crush/bestfriend
How does one deal with their family during the pandemic?
Any advice to give a friend on an abusive relationships?
How Do They Do It?
27[F] disappointed in boyfriend 25[M] - how to deal?
Just tryna help my friend out of an abusive relationship sos
My (32F) last relationship was super abusive and am now dating this amazing guy (31M) and have no idea what I’m doing and don’t want to screw it up
27[F] disappointed in boyfriend 25[M] - how to deal?
Guys! I (m20) slide into my crush’s (f19) DM’s and SHE RESPONDED, what now?
Virus decisions: Stay with my (26F) parents (60s M&F), or with my fiance (31 NB) in New York?
Advise for a friend plz: how to get out of toxic relationship
How Do They Do It?
A friend I'm dating (21m) and my friend (23f) used to be FWB and I (21f) can't stop feeling odd about it
Update from 3 years later: Me [46F] with my husband [48 M] married 19 years, 26 f is concerning me or am I just totally wrong
My(17) "friend"(16) is a damn psycho
[24 M] Cannot find a girlfriend because I am too different
Virus decisions: Do I (26F) stay with my parents (60ish, M/F), or move in with my fiance (31 NB) in NYC?
help me please
My son [18M] is abusive and self-centered and I'm losing faith in him.
I fell out of love with my fiance during quarantine?
What do you do when you get irrationality jealous and insecure and it's so dumb you can't tell anyone including your partner?
[24 M] I'm thinking that I am going about Dating Wrong and I dont know what to do.
my fetish has taken over my sex life with my girlfriend
I need a gf
I (24f) am becoming more and more jealous of my boyfriend‘s (25m) online activity
I fell out of love with my fiance during quarantine?
I(23M) found out that my ex girlfriend(24F) is pregnant. It's not mine and I'm devastated
I ( 23M ) am struggling to get over my ex ( 22F )
My [29 M] girlfriend [29 F] receives messages occasionally from ex partners and responds to them. Unsure how bothered about this I should be.
(22F) Girlfriend didn’t tell me (21M) she had talked with her ex boyfriend (21M) during our relationship until last night
My (24f) roommate (23f) wont let me into her group for a project
How did you know when to get engaged?
What is considered "too far" when it comes to texting people of the opposite sex while in a relationship?
What is considered "too far" when it comes to texting people of the opposite sex while in a relationship?
Me [24/F] with my Boyfriend [27/M] of 3 years, had a discussion about kids and I need some help.
How did you know when to get engaged?
I'm finding myself being unattracted to my gf, which I'm not liking because I do find her very attractive and love her.
Ima end it
(18M)I feel manipulated by my girlfriends suicide threats
My best friend says the most backhanded, toxic things
Should I be worried?
Getting over an ex
Two girls [20f] and [21F] confusing me [21m]
Have you ever loved someone so much that you would do anything for them but then they just throw you away like garbage?
My boyfriend (M25) didn't check check how I was after I (F28) lost my - job am I overreacting?
My [51/F] mother hasn't spoken to me in three days because I sent her hurtful messages after she bailed out on a walk with me when I most needed it [18/F]
(18M)I feel manipulated by my girlfriends suicide threats
What are these feelings I have from an old hookup becoming engaged?
I (24f) am becoming more and more jealous of my boyfriend‘s (25m) online activity
Did he [M/21] just wanted to hookup with me [F/20] or something more?
My boyfriend (M25) didn't check check how I was after I (F28) lost my job
My boyfriend has a 16 year old daughter. I’m 19.
My [51/F] mother hasn't spoken to me in three days because I sent her hurtful messages after she bailed out on a walk with me when I most needed it [18/F]
Is it weird my boyfriend doesn’t post about me very much
BOYFRIEND (24) won’t let me (21) get a job? Toxic relationship starting? Been together for 2 years
I [21M] am a black dude dating a white girl [21F] with Coprolalia Tourette’s. She often calls me the n-word and uses other racist language.
I want to approach my ex, how do I do it?
I need advice: BOYFRIEND won’t let me have a job, kinda becoming toxic? Possibly?
I [26 F] Confessed my Feelings to my Guy Friend [26 M]
NSFW- Would it be ok if I(32F) told my friend(34F) the truth about how kinky her husband(38M) can really be?
Is it weird my boyfriend doesn’t post about me much on social media
How to deal with pyhiscal isolation from my [19M] Girlfriend [18F] of 3 years during quarantine?
I [26 F] Confessed my Feelings to my Friend [26 M]
How to approach an ex?
Hmm let's be together
What to do?
Boyfriend(28)forgot about my(27)only free night I got a week and makes plans for it with someone else every week.
Me 43M and GF 34F- history of sugaring? Not willing to disclose. How much in our past should be disclosed to partner? Please help!!
Dad with daughter, separated, need advice!
My [22M] Crush [23F] isn't replying to my messages after asking her to hang out and her agreeing over Facetime
My (22F) boyfriend (25M) went out of town this weekend, originally said I can said go, but then said it was only guys, no girls were going. So I didn't go, but now on his snapchat I seen girls are there....
My husband (29m) thinks that I (27f) should pay this bill, and I think we should split it, what's fair?
I know my (25F) BF (28M) is secretly obsessed with someone we both know and it bothers me so much, but I don’t know how to bring it up
Relationship anxiety
How can I (F30) spice things up with (M30)
Is my (23F) best friend's (23F) new relationship abusive?
I [17M] took revenge on a girl [17F] that rejected me, and her friends [17F] are acting like I'm the bad guy. What do I do?
Relationship anxiety
I (21M) am a black dude dating a white girl (F21) with Coprolalia Tourette’s. She often calls me the N-Word in and out of public.
How many times you have been in love? I have 28 years old and I have been in love twice.
Can I Accept My Husband As A Woman And Still Be Happy?
FUCKED MY BESTFRIEND
Any guys who aren't toxic?
My Husband is Now My Wife...
My (25F) husband (26M) gets erections when I cry.
Is it time to breakup with my boyfriend?
Was my (31F) bf (43M) inappropriate when I was 14?
My gf broke up with me,no matter what I do she doesn't want me no more...I don't
Bad breakup!
Friend group all hanging out during quarantine but i’m being left out. (17M)
Friend group during quarantine. Being left out. (17M)
I (21) have been kicked out the house after my parents (57M)(49F) tell me to not come back after I see my girlfriend (21F) from a safe distance during UK lockdown.
My (30M) girlfriend (30F) is pushing me away.
I (24M) and my ex-GF (23) broke after 8.3 years
Was my (31F) boyfriend (43M) inappropriate towards me when I was 14?
I (18M) get a "heartache" whenever I see my crush/bestfriend (18F)
Girlfriend said something upsetting to me in the past and I keep remembering every couple months and getting upset all over again
Girlfriend said something that upset me in the past but I keep remembering every few months and it then upsets me all over again
I'm (20M) looking for advice about my parents(50M/48F)
Reconnected with my old best friend. I can't choose what to do about my grief and our new relationship
My (30M) girlfriend (30F) is pushing me away.
What should I (F23) do about my (M28) boyfriend?
I (24M) and my ex-GF (23) broke after 8.3 years
What should I (F20) do about my (M28) boyfriend?
Riches man in the world ?
I (23f) am becoming more and more jealous of my boyfriend’s (24m) online activity
SO thinks I lied and may want to end the relationship over something I feel is so small
Retroactive jealousy is peeking and haunting me again
M48 in Long Distance Relationship with F28, she wants to hook up with another guy
Is the theory of Quarantine babies a real thing?
Man (26M) has no expectations for current relationship in way of goals.
My [F24] boyfriend [M25] isn't sexually satisfying me anymore
My Husband (M24) just told me (F23) that he no longer finds me attractive
Cant get intimate with girls (12M)
I don't think I want to be in a relationship and it seems like he doesn't love me but instead just wants a relationship. I am 18F, he is 21M. Not in relationship.
Can’t get intimate with girls.
A relationship with(out) kids
(Trust) issues between me (F23) and bf (M24)
My girlfriend says to me that "You deserve better" "You can do better than me" "your exes are so much more prettier than I am" and she believes that she is ugly. How can I convince her that she is beautiful and the best person for me?
Should I (28M) throw out my ex's (26F) sketchbook
How do I convince my girlfriend that she is beautiful?
Female equivalent to giving your sweater?
How do I convince my girlfriend she's beautiful?
Being good friends with the ex partner and their new partner, has that ever worked?
Am I (18F) in the wrong for not disclosing certain information to my boyfriend (18M)?
Is it worth risking it?
Nurse (24F). Terrified of Losing My Partner (26M) and Afraid in General.
Should I [28M] throw out my ex's [26F] sketchbook
Relationships What should I do?
How do I get the attraction back on a girl who has lost her attraction to me a long time ago
I (22F) am apparently going to be married to someone (21F) who just thinks of me as a friend?
Should I just go for it?
LONG POST. I (24 F) am at a loss with depressed boyfriend (M 25), which would not have happened if not for this pandemic that's going on right now. Please advise.
Get back with the ex or stick with new guy?
My [21F] boyfriend [21M] of 4 years isn't spending more time with me now that he's not working and I'm upset about it but don't know if I should be
My dad [63M] expects me [22F] to get a great job at a major streaming service and literally won’t talk to me about anything else. How can I talk to him about his unrealistic expectations of me?
What are some of the hard limits you set for a romantic relationship?
Today I [21F] found out that my boyfriend [20M] had cheated on me with a past hookup while we were long distance a few months ago. How should I cope? :(
My Boyfriend (26M), his social media, and my insecurities.
I (20f) and my (23m) boyfriend had a threesome with a girl and now I feel distant from him
I (22F) am in love with my self-proclaimed future wife (21F) but our relationship is platonic?
Today I [21F] found out that my boyfriend [20M] had cheated on me with a past hookup while we were long distance a few months ago. How should I cope? :(
Please, i need help to keep my (for now) short relationship with my (I hope it still is) girlfriend. I think we got caught sexting...
Boyfriend [27 M] escalated things sexually without my consent [28 F] and seems to care more about his self image than my hurt.
What do I do?
My (17F) Boyfriend (19M) might be abusing me and hates my therapist... advice needed
Is he the asshole or am I?
so i am seeing my ex girlfriends mom am i in the wrong yes or no?i should point out we broke up year ago
What is Worse
What things you did while dating/relationships that you found irrational? And why did you do them?
19 F pregnant with no help from parents and the father wanting to be a single father.
My boyfriend (26M), his social media, and my insecurities.
Im really confused about what's going on right now with my (I hope it still is) girlfriend. I need some advice
first time writing
Oh yes. We need a Love Fest.
Am I being too paranoid?
19F pregnant and I don't know what to do. Baby's father wants the child but doesn't want me.
(Serious Replies Only)so i am seeing my ex girlfriends mom am i in the wrong yes or no?
Should I (28F) tell BF (29M) about severe trauma in my past?
Little sister (12) thinks about hurting herself. What should I (18F) do?
Is it I being too paranoid?
A simple question with a less simple answer
My boyfriend (26M) follows hot instagram models and 1/2 naked girls he doesn't or barely knows on instagram and facebook. How do I get it to stop bothering me?
How do I get the attraction back on a girl who has lost her attraction to me a long time ago
SSRIs and Infidelity
My best friend (F27) makes some questionable and potentially dangerous decisions. Am I being crazy for caring too much even though she's made it clear she doesn't care for help or my opinion?
My parents need me to text them back within an hour or else they start sending "???". How should I deal with this?
A mixture of complications
My parents need me to text them back within an hour or else they start sending "???". How should I deal with this?
My best friend (F27) makes some questionable and potentially dangerous decisions. Am I being crazy for caring too much even though she's made it clear she doesn't care for help or my opinion?
My girlfriend ( 19f ) wants to breakup with me (21m) because we “argue too much” but we’ve only had 3-4 arguments...
How to deal with my recent break-up
My best friend makes some questionable and potentially dangerous decisions. Am I being crazy for caring too much even though she's made it clear she doesn't care for help or my opinion?
Was I (22F) controlling towards my ex (24M) by asking for this?
Realizing my (24M) boyfriend of four years hasn't treated me (23F) very well. Heartbroken and feeling guilty for wanting to end it.
Feel like I (26M) am in a one sided relationship with my GF (26F)
GF(24F) and I (25M) of 4 years and are going on our first 24 Hour Break
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) was abused as a kid and now struggles to connect with me.
I (M48) Think my GF (F28) is Cheating. She pretty much said she wanted to. Advice?
Mixture of complications
I (M26) feel like a I am in a bit of a one sided relationship with with my (f26) GF.
I really like one of my colleagues but I’m not sure what kind of relationship we have
My Therapist vs My Boyfriend: Do I Have to Choose?
I (20F) don’t know what to do about my boyfriend’s (22m) habits.
Boyfriend lied about his savings?
How do I know if I’m [18M] ready to date?
My (24f) girlfriend told me not to forget her on our vacation
Should I stop trying to make amends with my roommate?
How can I (29) and my girlfriend (27) become intimate again?
Should I tell BF (29M) about my (28F) history with rape, bulimia, self-harm, etc?
I (m20) am never satisfied with my relationships
Boyfriend (23) isn’t talking to me (20f) after he put me on pause during FaceTime
Please tell me I can make it.
Please tell me I can make it.
I [23/M] haven't seen my gf [23/F] in person in 10 days, and the relationship is starting to feel really dry. Is this the sign of a healthy or unhealthy relationship?
Been dating a month so far and he (26M) doesn’t have any expectations of where this could go.
I [M] am genuinely seeking answers from strait women to a very deep question for better understanding.
I (20F) need advice about how to handle my manipulative mom (F43)
My boyfriend doesn’t know why he likes me
I'm (20M) in a situation where my best friend (20F) is obejecting me from getting into a relationship with her other best friend (19F) because of certain insecurities. I really need your help on this
I [M] am genuinely seeking answers from strait women to a very deep question for better understanding.
[19M] General realtionship/dating advice
I [20M] am feeling angry and hurt after my ex-gf [21F] recently ended our 3 years relationship after she cheated and came out to being lesbian
My (25F) husband (26M) gets erections when I cry. Why?
I (m26) am in a very healthy relationship with a wonderful girl (F23) but I feel a sexual attraction to a coworker.
My Girlfriend (24f) told me not to forget her when we go on our trip
Long term boyfriend [29/M] says I [26/F] act too much like a "Karen"
For those that have had clean breakups, how did you handle communication afterward and were you able to go back to being friends?
[M19] General relationship/dating advice
I (16F) don’t know if i still love my boyfriend (16M)
I(M20) really like this girl(F20) but im not physically attracted to her
Should I (25f) return a music box to my ex (30m)
What to do for a gaslighted person?
I like a girl, buy don't know how to ask her out... Can anybody help?
For those that have had clean breakups, how did you handle communication afterward and were you able to go back to being friends?
How much time should I (18m) be spending with my girlfriend (17f) of four months?
Coping with a break up during the pandemic
Everything with my[F] rekindled relationship[M] has been going well for the past two months since it started until it seemingly out of nowhere was not. What do I do? Do I give him time?
My (30F) Partner (30M) very timid with physical pursuits, and that's a turn off.
My partner (14f) and I (14m) (5 months) have recently discussed oral sex, how do I tell my parents about her and I planning on a sexual encounter?
How can I help his trust issues?
How can I help with his trust issues?
He broke up with me saying it is stressful keeping me and his family happy, but he wants tot stay in touch. What should I do?
I have severe anxiety and my partner ghosted on me
Should I [35/f] believe my ex [40/m] or his other ex [40/F]
How do I [33F] deal with this man [39F] who has risen from the dead during this time?
I (28M) moved in with my (27F) GF during the pandemic and don't know how to communicate my stress
How do I [33F] deal with a man [39M] who has “risen from the dead” during this time?
I (20F) would like to reconnect with former best friend (20M) i rejected romantically
Boyfriend having trouble with my dodgy past
Spurned Paris Massage Keeping Things Under Control For Your Call | Outcall Massage In Paris| Contact Us: +33769987958
Ex drama - Should I (35f) believe my ex (40m) or his other ex (40f)
My (F21) boyfriends (M22) mom is so disrespectful towards me without even meeting me
Stages of my breakup (left me for another man)
Easter holiday quarantine
How weddings and dating are going virtual during the Coronavirus pandemic | COVID-19
In an LDR and bf (M21) cheated on me (F22) months ago and only confessed recently
I (26M) recently found out some disturbing details about my girlfriends (23F) past
Easter Holiday
Is my boyfriend not over his ex?
Should I (22F) break up with my 'boyfriend' (21M)?
He has been talking to his ex girlfriend, even though he knows it hurts me
I (25f) have known this guy (29f) for over 10 years, I like him but I think there could be too many red flags.
I [28M] am looking for creative birthday ideas/activities for my fiancee [27F] while stuck in quarantine
How can I (28M) make my fiances (27F) birthday special while stuck in quarantine?
Would it be a bad person if I left or ghosted my girlfriend ?
Would I be a dick if I left my or ghosted my girlfriend?
May I ask for some advice?
Complete Your Dreams with Istanbul Call Girls Services
My mom's un-trained dog is destroying our family and our relationship
Funny Prank
I (23F) want this LDR to work with him (30M)
Good friendship turned toxic
I (23F) want this LDR to work with him (30/M). I’m new to this.
I [26F] dont find my boyfriend [24M] fun and think it may be a deal breaker
I'm (M, 25) struggling with sexual confidence for future relationships after ex gf's comments
He lied to me about who he was talking to. How do I handle this?
Absolutley love my girlfriend but I'm finding myself unattracted because she hates her body so much.
Divorce in Morocco?
I (F17) was in a long distance relationship with a guy(M18) who dumped me yesterday but won't stop texting me, do I reply?
My (18F) girlfriend won't have sex with me (18M) unless it's in an empty house?
(21f) don't know what to do about boyfriend's (22m) distance problens
I (F17) in a LDR just got dumped and ex(M18) can't stop texting me, so should I reply?
Divorce in Morocco?
Anyone else can’t see their partner because of covid?
My boyfriend is joining the Marines
My boyfriend is joining the Marines
Why am I (18M) scared of my girlfriend (18F)
Do we love each other? M(22), F(22).
My boyfriend wants to be a Marine and I broke up with him
Anyone else can’t see their partner because of covid?
My boyfriend is joining the marines
My parents won't let me move in with my boyfriend
Me (29) and my girlfriend (27) stopped having sex
My boyfriend is joining the Marines
He was cheating on me the entire time we were together.
My (35M) girlfriend (38F) got upset that my female friend texted me
My dad just informed my brother and I that we have younger brother that we never knew about and I don't know what to do.
He was cheating on me the entire time we were together
What actions would be considered “treating your partner like shit”?
My ex [21, M] told me [19, F] that I was "too nice and too giving"?
Can you be friends with someone you were in love with?
My dad just informed my brother and I that we have younger brother that we never knew about and I don't know what to do.
My 27 (F) relationship with a 34 (M) dissolved and I'm having trouble with thinking things through.
Lots of trouble with boyfriend [19M] over the past year (lying & betrayals). Things are finally better, but I [20F] am struggling to let go, particularly of instances with his ex-gf and friends.
Would I be a dick if I Left my girlfriend?
Is there hope in our future?
We're all tending towards escapism now but...I [3XF] just found my BF's [3XM] updated online dating profile
Having problem with girls... I’m a girl (25f)
We're all tending towards escapism now....but I just discovered my [3XF] boyfriend's [3XF] updated online dating profile
Family problem with abusive father - need help
Me (29) and my girlfriend (27) stopped having sex
How do I (31M) get my GF (27F) to stop shutting me out whenever there is conflict
I don't know if my boyfriend is lying. Please help.
My luck with girls I’m a girl (25f)
My dad (60/M) has been emotionally and physically abusive since I (21/F) was little now I found some concerning screenshots of conversations between him and my mom (56/F).
I(26F) want to hook up with this guy (29m). How would you feel if a girl just straight up asked if you wanted to have sex?
Porn preferences
HOW I WIN MY EX BACK
Porn preferences?
If a male coworker sends you a selfie, is it flirting?
My (27F) girlfriend wants a family at some point, I (28M) don't think I do.
I (21F) feel used, taken advantage of, and insulted by my boyfriend (22M)
Long distance relationship with parents
Too sexual wife?
Wtf is going on in my life?
My (33f) bf (32m) of 3 years barely touches me and I don't know if he's attracted to me anymore
I [24F] haven’t been feeling aroused/sexual this past while with husband [25M
Wanting to much sex, what do to?
I don't know what to do.
My (M25) ex (F25) is in a new realtionship after 6 months. TRIGGER WARNING (contains mentions of mental health, suicide and abuse)
Not sure if I (28M) want kids while my (27F) girlfriend does.
Am I being a jealous asshole or is something going on?
My Ex (F25) is in a new relationship after leaving me (M25) 6 months ago. TRIGGER WARNING (mentions of suicide, mental health and abuse)
Can I(22) get back to my ex-girlfriend (23)?
Worried about my boyfriend's relationship with his coworker
Is writing songs about my ex-girlfriend a good idea?
Can I get back to my ex?
My 49F Mom is mad that I 19F left the house to meet with a Bumble date
Can I get back with my ex?
Why does my ex (22f) still look at my (20m) stories?
Into him but he has a girlfriend
Managing a breakup
Managing a break up
Why does my ex(22f) still watch my(20m) Snapchat stories?
I found out my friend's fiancé may have stalked her. What do I do?
I need help
What is social distancing doing to me?
[F24]Caught my fiance [M27]masturbating and he got mad at me. Was I wrong for bringing it up?
My 30 F actions caused my pet to die and my 40m partner hasn’t talked to me in days
What is social distancing for my partner doing to me?
First relationship post divorce
Talking to another girl
My (38/M) wife (39/F) has been secretly texting her ex (40/M) from back in university.
F[24] M[27]Caught fiance beating his meat and he got upset with me.
I [20M] refused to run away with my GF[20F], during national lockdown, and she is now extremely sad
I [20M] refused to run away with my GF[20F], during national lockdown, and she is now extremely sad
I [F21] and my boyfriend [M22] have been together for 6 years and I feel stuck.
GF (28F) of 3 years broke up with me (30M) just when our life project was beginning to shape up. I'm a broken man.
How do I [24M] handle money I "loaned" a close friend [21F] under changed circumstances?
UPDATE: My relationship may be steadily going downhill and I’m desperately trying to stop it
My GF (28F) broke up with me (30M) over dedication issues, but there was something else to it. I am a broken man.
I (15M) want to ask out a girl (16F) but cant due to school being closed, how would I do it over text?
I really fucked up PLEASE READ
Can’t decide on marital surname
To send a heartfelt group text to my (f24) immediate family or not?
I met someone truly fascinating, but I don't know what to believe (Texting other girls, smoking weed, rough past and self confidence issues) I am in desperate need of a third perspective.
Can someone give me advice on this please
Someone give me advice please
Don’t know what to do with my last name
My (M42) girlfriend (F33) of 5 years CONSTANTLY contradicts herself when we argue, and it’s a lose-lose for me - how do I break this cycle?
How do I (F:18) tell the people(F and M:20's) I've been babysitting for (7months) that I need to be paid more then $25 a day?
Are they gay?
I [21/F] can’t tell how I feel about stuff to my boyfriend [26/M] of 9 months without it ending in an argument. What do I do in this situation?
Should I [F21] try to date again if my mental health is down the drain?
Mom is with my boyfriend
I really really need help in this. I'm in a situation where I cannot choose between a relationship and my best friend.
Depression is making it so hard for me [29F] to work out if I still want to be with my boyfriend [28M].
My (29f) girlfriend (26f) blurted out that I'm the only person to make her cum - now I'm insecure. Help me.
Am I (20F) overacting or are my boyfriend’s comments about my body not ok?
Mom x boyfriend
Mom X Boyfriend
Mom x boyfriend
I [f24] don't know if my boyfriend [m32] wants anthing to do with me.
Recovering wife is lying
Hj
My (25F) boyfriend (27M) changed a vet visit without asking permission. Am I right to be upset?
While we were drunk I (M22) made a move on my friend (F21) and she was too scared to say anything. How do I show remorse the best way?
I (27f) may have just killed my (26m) relationship. Not sure what to do...?
Advice about this?
My roommate [26 M] wants tk join postmates, I [22F] am immunocompromised.
My [22F] friend [22F] is demanding I break up with my boyfriend [22M] because they had an argument or she wants nothing to do with me.
While we were drunk I (M22) made a move on my friend and she was too scared to say anything. How do I show remorse the best way?
My roommate (26M) wants to join postmates, I (22F) am immunocompromised
Me [37 M] with my Ex [35 F] 2yrs Yes, I’m that asshole that won’t stop fucking with his ex.
My roommate (26m) wants to join postmates, I (21f) am immuno-compromised
Am I not meant for polyamory? Or am I just the side chick at this point?
My (26) boyfriend (36) won’t move in with me because he doesn’t want to leave his parents house
Trapped with my unhealthy obsession.
My (29/M) girlfriend (30/F) of three months has been going out of her way to hide self-harm scars from me and doesn't know that I've seen them.
How do I let someone know I've committed to someone else?
Yes, I’m that asshole that won’t stop fucking with his ex.
How to make your husband worship you
My girlfriend made an account so she can post when she's horny and wants to post sexual post..I told her I wasn't comfortable with it, she got mad at me about it. Am I in the wrong?
I (18M) am not attracted to my girlfriend (18F) as much anymore
Did he (M/21) just wanted to hookup with me (20/F)?
I am not very attracted to my significant other anymore
My girlfriend (23) is a workaholic and I (23) don’t know what to do about it
Light hearted story
Is it unfair to my gf (22F) if I( 24M) help my ex (25M) as a friend?
I (19F) am very emotional b/c of birth control and am taking it out on my boyfriend (19M)
should i [18f] get back with my ex [22] or date this new guy [18m] but can’t satisfy me sexually?
How do I (21f), have this conversation with my bf (25m) without sitting down and reading this out to him like an essay?
My (37F) boyfriend (32M) of almost 4 years told me he wasn't following up on what's happening in my life as talking about it is chit chat.
I (19F) am feeling very emotional because of my birth control and I’m taking it out on my boyfriend (19M).
Is it unfair to my gf (22F) if I( 24M) help my ex (25M) as a friend?
My boyfriend (19m) and I (21f) got into a harsh fight and now ever second with him feels like I am walking on thin ice.
Gf [F27] not talking to me [M27] after I didn’t feel like sex last night. Am I unreasonable for not wanting sex one night?
Are her inconsistent texting habits a problem or am I overthinking? (24M) (22F)
23(F) boyfriend 26(M)
friends? romantic partner? or fwb?
I (16F) think that my best friend (16M) has feelings for me and I don't know what to do about it.
Cohabitation before marriage
I(22f) think I'm falling hard for my best friend and roommate(24M)... but there is a problem
My sister’s best friend [18F] is staying with us for a while and she keeps trying to seduce me [20M], I don’t think I can take it any longer.
I’m still in love with my ex
My (23F) mom (63F) is lonely and we haven't had a great relationship, but I still always feel guilty not sticking around as much. Advice on better communication/mending a relationship?
32F & 33M - starting to get really insecure about self isolation and my relationship
Is my (18F) boyfriend (25m) actually self centered, does he not care about my feelings or am I overreacting?
My mind so conflicted on something my GF told me recently
I’m still in love with my ex
Over thinker
Boyfriend sexual frustration
My girlfriend (23) is a workaholic, and I (23) don’t know how I feel about it.
How do I (23F) ask my boyfriend (29M) of 8 months about all the females he has been adding on Facebook.
Is my (18F) boyfriend (25M) self centered, does he just not care, or am I overreacting?
I find people attractive unless they remove a clothing item (F - 16)
Me (29M) and my girlfriend (28 F) are on a break Due to Covid-19
I (M17) learned some stuff about my dad (M40) and now I don't know what to do
No E[m]otional Connections in Years
I found a message on my husband's Facebook, a woman thinks he could be her son's dad wants a paternity test.
My boyfriend (26M) wants me (25F) to wear makeup
People who dislike communicating through text/phone conversations, how are you making it work through the pandemic?
I (19F) have a boyfriend (20M) who lies about small things
(21F) in a relationship with (23M). really struggling w distance due to quarantining separately
I (22M) put my ex-girlfriend (19F) through a lot of emotional turmoil. Found out recently I have PTSD that caused my behavior. I’m wondering if it’s something I should tell her.
Could you provide some advice for me (F, 23) as anniversaries with my (M, 24) ex begin to pass?
I (21F) have a good partner (22M). I don’t feel an overwhelming amount of physical attraction and I’m starting to fall out of love too. How do I fix this?
The guy(20M) I’m(19F) talking to is active on social media while ignoring my texts suddenly
how to get over the fact that I flirted with my current boyfriend back when he already had a girlfriend?
I always get interrupted when I talk and wonder if I am doing something wrong
I (M17) discovered some things about my Dad(M40) that I don't know how to react to.
What is wrong with [M]e
My boyfriend (26m) asked me (25f) to wear makeup
I'm (22F) feeling extra sensitive because of the lock down, today we're 2 years together and I got a text that made sad
Over thinker...
I [37m] and my partner [39f] have been at odds. She feels I am not holding up my end of the housework. We both have a 6 mo old child. I have trouble both working my job, taking care of baby, and managing my end of the housework. She is a full time medical student.
A little fun in the 18th century (cute story to lighten your day)
Just got broke up with
I've (16) just gotten an amazing girlfriend (16) but we're long distance. Any advice?
Over thinker.
Do you think my boyfriend was cheating on me?
How do I (20F) get over a sudden breakup with ex (21M)?
Ex gf and I trying things out again but I need advice. Think she’s talking to LOTS of other people
Boring relationship
My boyfriend asked me to wear makeup
Should I(19F)end things with him (20M) or am I overreacting, I feel like I’m not a priority
My (21M) mother (50F) refuses to speak to family, guilt trips me for spending time with them
My boyfriend (22M) seems to be sick of being with me (22F)
My Ex trying to get back with but talking to dozens of other people
I’m (22f) concerned over my sexual relationship with my boyfriend (23m)
A little fun in the 18th century.
How to have hope in your relationship when times get tough?
Easier way to get over someone? Me(F) them(M)
Any girls wanna dm my bf to see if he’ll cheat
I feel like I’m being used as or am I overreacting?
I (15M) want to ask a girl (15F) for her phone number. Would it still be a decent idea given the whole corona situation, and how would I do it?
Easiest way to get over someone
I F(17) am very infatuated with a guy M(17) who I barely have a chance with.
My brother (18M) disgusts me (17F) and I don't know what to do
I F(17) am highly infatuated with a guy m(17) i barely have a chance with . He is my exes friend and we had sex after my ex got upset we stopped talking and his friend cut me off .
I (27 f) found out my boyfriend (38 m) was sharing problems in our relationship with his ex a few months back (broke up years ago)
my girlfriend (20) is still emotionless from her last relationship (1 year long)
I am absolutely infatuated with the wrong guy and I want to try and get another chance with him!! F(17) (i know i’m young and I have all the time in the world for other guys in the future )
Hurting real bad. How do I (26M) focus on myself after a breakup when all I do is think of her(25F)?
My Mother is Hurting my Self-esteem
Hurting real bad. How do I (26M) focus on myself after a breakup when all I do is think of her(25F)?
Thermostat settings
my girlfriend (age 20) is emotionless because of her last relationship
my girlfriend is emotionless because of her last relationship
High degree females with low degree males, what are the chances?
How do couples deal with depressing times
My [18M] mom “borrowed” money from my savings account, am I being selfish for not wanting her to use that money?
My ex-boyfriend has been harassing me in school. Did I take it too far by getting a lawyer?
girls, would you date a guy who wanted to have no sex before marriage?
Afraid my (25M) relationship with my girlfriend (24F) of 8 years will fall apart if she has abortion
My [21F] mother [55F] doesn't respect my boundaries while I'm at home.
I think I like my friend! I need advice
Quarantine Prom
my best friend of nearly 5 years is making me question myself negatively and i would like some advice.
My girlfriend is in love with me. Over the course of our relationship I've come to realize I'm aromantic.
Worried my (25M) relationship with my girlfriend (24F) of 8 years will be ruined if she goes through with abortion
Sister (26F) sneaking out to see boyfriend (20sM) during quarantine.
Why do people ghost? Just why?
Commitment to a set of core values is what is necessary for a relationship with a partner to work.
Boyfriend (24) of 1.5 years wants to break social distancing with me (22f)
Sister (26F) sneaking out of house to visit bf (20sM) during quarantine.
BF wants me to be his mommy sometimes. OK with it but don't know where to start
Should I [23F] be less harsh on my brother [19M]? We’re sort of at a cross roads
I have been ghosted for almost a year
Should I stick it out or break up
My friend acts like she doesn't want me around, yet misses me when I'm not around
My friend acts like she doesn't want me around, yet misses me when I'm not around
Stayed in a bad relationship too long and I feel like my life is ruined
Should I (30) rehome my cat (7) or move away from my family?
I (22M) am confused about my relationship with my 20F
I (16M) have conflicted feelings following a short-lived but seemingly stable relationship (15F).
Rehome my (30) cat (7) or move out from my family and elderly parent
My [18M] Freshman year of college has moved online
My boyfriend wants to stay with me for the "long run."
My [18M] Freshman year of college has moved online
I have conflicted feelings following a short-lived but seemingly stable relationship.
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) keeps talking about "staying for the long run."
I (24F) think I need to end my 4+ year relationship with my boyfriend (24M)
New girlfriend talks way too much about sex/ex boyfriends. She doesn't know I'm a virgin. I feel like I'm competing with all those guys she's been with
Tiktok and Insecurities
need advice on whether to continue/work on a potentially abusive relationship
I'd like breakup advice. . .
TL;DR My new girlfriend talks way too openly about her sex stories and ex boyfriend, that makes me feel like I'm just another one on her list even though she seems to really like me. What do I tell her? (We're both 19)
I (17M) feel confused about how I feel for older men
Am I [F22] ruining my bf’s [M21] self-esteem?
Is she over her feelings?
My new girlfriend talks way too openly about her sex stories and ex boyfriends, that makes me feel like I'm just another one on her list even though she seems to really like me. What do I do? (We're both 19 and study in the same uni)
I (17M) am confused about how I feel for older men
Need help fixing my relationship
Broken Friendship
I (20X) don’t know what to do about my situation with my parents (M54 and F50)
26F with 35M... Married 2yrs... Bored and annoyed!
Do I really like him?
My (31m) girlfriend (27f) in our house with my brother in the basement. Adament we kick him out and I feel stuck in the middle.
Gf won't stop talking about her ex's (covid-19 edition)
Just need to tell some one what I[F18] made him[M curently 16 soon turning 17] for his birthday
How to broach sexting with my(24f) bf (24m)?
Why would somebody do this?
Guy I’m exclusively seeing (28/m) says he “wants to see where things go” — but seems to be shying away from an official bf/gf commitment. Should I (25/f) give it more time or walk away?
why would somebody do this?
My (19F) boyfriend (23M) talk about talking more than actually having serious conversations
Broken Friendship
Looked up guy (34M) I'm dating on social media, now I (30F) want to reconsider relationship
Looked up guy (34M) on social media for the first time, now I (30F) am reconsidering relationship
My (28m) GF (25f) recently broke up with me over porn and lying and moved out. Is there a way I can earn her trust back while giving her space or is it likely over?
I (36m), married (35F) with kids, got into a platonic long distance relationship with a colleague (27f)
I keep pushing away my boyfriend and I don’t know why
I (20F) am dating a (21M) and since quarantine he has become a terrible texter
I keep pushing my boyfriend away and I don’t know why
I (20F) am with a (21M) and since quarantine he has become an extremely bad tester
Feeling worthless after a breakup...
My (25F) boyfriend (31M) never posts me on social media
My (25F) boyfriend (31M) never posts me on social media
My (25f) boyfriend (27m) acted immaturely when I told him I may have been exposed to COVID
I want to continue dating my boyfriend, but I no longer want to live together.
My bf (29) doesn’t want to have sex with me (27f)
My bf (29) doesn’t want to have sex with me 27f).
Lying
My boyfriend (35M) is great but I (32F) am not...
Can I get some happy relationship stories?
I want to live alone again, but don’t want to break up with my boyfriend
How do I ask my mom to stop venting to me without it sounding rude?
My bf (29) doesn’t doesn’t want to have sex with me (27f)
How to cope with feelings of inadequacy/jealousy
My (24) yr old girlfriend is mad at me (24) and I don’t get why?
I (m 20) want to move out with my best friend (f 21) but she has a bf.
I (20f) want to break up with my boyfriend (23m) but I’m scared
Hshshs
I (m 20) want to live with my best friend (f 21) but she has a boyfriend.
I just took a moment to appreciate our SOs
I (M16) want to support my mom (F42) through hair loss but not sure how
How do I ask my mom to stop telling me about her issues with my dad without sounding rude?
My relationship is going downhill, and I’m desperately trying to stop it.
Lots of trouble with boyfriend [M19] over the past year (lying & betrayals). Things are finally better, but I [20F] am struggling to let go, particularly of instances with his ex-gf and friends.
Cold Feet or Cold Heart?
My (m31) girlfriend(27f) in our house and my brother (24) in the basement. She is adamant I kick him out and feel stuck in the middle.
Does this man really believe that I'll will stay faithful while he has his fun?!?🥴
Is it reasonable to want to date a college girl when I’m still in high school?
How can I (20F) build sexual attraction and interest with the guy (21M) I’m dating through text and FaceTime?
Is it reasonable to go after a college girl when I’m still in high school school?
trying to help support my (F19) boyfriend (m23) and am failing completely
Boyfriend isn’t affectionate in this LDR?
Is it reasonable to go after a girl in college when I’m still in high school?
How can I keep a new relationship strong while we can’t see eachother?
Does he really think I'm going to stay faithful while he has his fun?!🥴
My girlfriend got mad at me for getting an MRI on her birthday. Why would she get mad at this?
My not so great long term
Am I (24 F) wrong for being fed up with my roommate's (29 m) girlfriend coming over a lot?
My girlfriend got mad for having an mri on her birthday. Why would she get mad at this?
I’m lost what do I do??
Just need advice or a reminder I’m not overreacting...
im hearthbroke af and i dont know what to do
My girlfriend got mad for scheduling my mri on her birthday
Hey Reddit, how do I get my significant other to take more responsibility around house?
I [17M] lost one of my only friends [17F] and couldn't do anything about it.
There's no coming back from this, is there.
My (19M) girlfriend (19F) pulled a pregnancy prank on me yesterday and I can’t get over it.
I [17M] lost one of my only friends [17F] and couldn't do anything about it.
Do people go to couples therapy to have amicable breakups?
Interesting theory about making a woman [23F] attracted to you. Any advice?
Me [25 M] with my gf [25 F], she suddenly walks away from normal conversations angry without any explanation, then gets mad at me for asking what's going on
tiktok compilation and cheating.
is watching compilations of tiktok considered cheating?
tiktok?
My bf wants to F other girls but wants me to "stay" faithful
Tiktok?
when my mom (45f) and i (15nb) fight over politics, she guilt trips me into either agreeing with her or dropping it. is this foul play or did i just sign up for this when choosing to argue? similarly, am i being a baby about this or is this worth worrying about?
watching tiktok
Ex partner/childrens father(26/m) keeps texting me(23/f) but wont call?
I need help.
Breakup advice
Is how my boyfriend treating me normal?
I (22M) and my gf (21F)
There's no coming back from this, is there?
Sibling: help......sisters
My old FWB (21M) and I (21F) started sexting??
My [30sF] boyfriend [40sM] is going absolutely crazy paranoid about quarantining and driving me insane
Siblings
I [27 M] am wondering if my wife [28 F] and I could have a lasting relationship if she were to return to me after leaving me for my best friend.
Bf unblocked ex without telling me
Corona-stay at home -situation
Extended family getting in my business help
My old FWB (21M) and I (21F) started sexting?
when my mother (45f) and i (15nb) fight over politics, she always finds a way to make me feel awful. did i sign up for that when i decided to argue with her, or is she being unnecessarily mean?
I female 27 and him male 27...how to stop stressing and nagging over his habits?
Have I[21M] done something bad for not wanting to help my gf[19F] jerk off?
Accusations about my [26M] GF [21F] have just broken us up
How can I deal with broken heart and loneliness types of emotion?
Does financial stability actually play a big role in the dynamic of a marriage?
I [27 M] am wondering if my wife [28 F] and I could have a lasting relationship if she were to return to me after leaving me for my best friend.
Husband refusing to share same bed due to working on COVID-19 unit
my gf(21F) and me (22M)
I (27m) have a crush on my roommate (27f) on quarantine.
Internet interactions
Concerned About A Friend's Relationship
My supposed to be holiday girlfriend(33) and me(33M) during the covid 19 stay at home phase
I think I caught her [18/F] cheating on me [18M] Pt.2
How can I [23F] recover after slipping up and briefly acting clingy and desperate over text with new guy I’m seeing [33M]?
I (28F) need space/alone time in order to cook & clean without anxiety. My bf (29M) has a "pitch in" attitude and likes to give advice/always do tasks together.
Dads a narcissist
Male with sexual trauma
My (23F) dad (55M) is unnecessarily going out during the Corona outbreak every day. How do I stop him?
I [29M] snooped and found details of my gf's [46F] one night stand that she had 2 weeks into knowing each other
How can I keep a new relationship strong while we can’t see eachother?
How?
Don't know if I[21M] am doing bad for not wanting to help my gf[19F] jerk off
Social distancing is killing my relationship
I [24F] Have Crush on Boy [24M] But He's Gay?
How do you start
Tomorrow
My boyfriend sent nudes to a girl and also talked to a different girl the first month our relationship... I wanna trust him again I’ve never connected with anyone more then him
found out my (28f) boyfriend (38m) (together 1 year, have known each other for 9 years) was talking to his ex (broke up years ago) about our relationship and some pretty dark things that had happened, leaking things im embarrassed about and sent her screen shots of our fights.
I (38f) just found out my husband (35m) is cheating on me with young girls and I’m so lost
Boyfriend dumped me
Why am I treated like this?
My dad is unnecessarily going out every day. How do I stop him during the Corona outbreak?
Boyfriend Dumped me
Concerned About A Friend's Relationship
I’m tired of my little sister disrespecting me
My (38F) fiance (37M) had a total mental breakdown last night because I told him I was not sure I wanted to continue the relationship
Long distance or break up?
I’m tired of my little sister disrespecting me.. I’m 25f my sister is 22f ..
My (F28) boyfriend (M35) just lost his new job of 3 months bc of the coronavirus. What can I do to support him through this?
I’m lost. What do I do?
Is my poor self esteem linked to my relationship or just damaging it from within?
Is it okay to be thinking like this?
My boyfriend (M37) just lost his new job of 3 months bc of the coronavirus. What can I do to support him through this?
I don't know if I led someone on because of the nature of our situation
letter
35M and 25F Fwb situation. Need some opinions.
Am I a bad person for thinking this way?
I (29) snooped and found details of my gf's (46) one night stand that she had 2 weeks into knowing each other
SO ruined themself into oblivion
I don't understand how real my relationship is
Selfish and impulsive (21 f) girlfriend treats me like shit because I'm (24 m) trying to do the right thing and stay home (CA bay area) [angry rant] [harsh language]
I(f21) want to do something appreciative for my boyfriend (m22)
I don't want to end the relationship, but sometimes i feel like i don't love her anymore.
I(f21) want to do something appreciative for my boyfriend (m22)
Selfish and impulsive (21 f) girlfriend treats me like shit because I'm (24 m) trying to do the right thing and stay home (CA bay area) [angry rant]
Need advice pls !
I(f21) want to do something appreciative for my boyfriend (m22)
Why do I (18/M) fall in love so easily?
Dumbass selfish piece of shit (21 f) girlfriend treats me like shit because I'm (21 m) trying to do the right thing and stay home (CA bay area) [angry rant]
Continuously frustrated!
Should I tell friend m/27 I f/27 have feelings?
Did I (19F) cheat on him (19M) if we're not official?
I'm not sure if I still love my girlfriend
I don't know if I lead someone on because of the nature of our situation.
My (f35) bf (m35) has 2 straight guy friends that have been sending him very questionable content on Messenger
Boyfriend’s ex keeps telling him I’m not right for him and he doesn’t do anything.
Help make this more special
How can I make this more special?
Is my bf's friend gay and trying to initiate something with him?
I hate how unwanted and insecure empty promises make me feel. How do I get my(f18) bf(m18) to pay more attention to the things he says?
How to keep my(26f) bf(33) excited during quarantine?
My (19f) boyfriend (23m) seems to not be interested in my life at all outside of our shared interests.
My Husband is not an affectionate person
My boyfriend makes me sad.
My husband is not an affectionate person.
Boyfriend has been telling me he's bi and now I don't know what my next step is
My husband 21m is not affectionate at all and I 20f am.
Confiding with Girlfriends Mother crossing a boundary or not?
He broke up with me because our long distance relationship was too tiring but he wants to stay in touch, what should i do?
I(M20) really like this girl(F20) but im not physically attracted to her
Some guy is talking negatively about my (22F) girlfriend. I want to take action.
How to deal with a one-upper who is one upping you to look better to others?
My parents threat me if I move out
I [25 M] cannot stop thinking about my fiancé's [25 F] best friend [25 F]
Covid19-lockdown-situation
Forgot My Birthday
Why does my boyfriend make me sad?
[20F] I'm in love with a friend I know online, but I'm already in a relationship irl, it's eating me inside
My (45M) adopted son (8 M) doesn’t like my girlfriend (43F)
**tl;dr**: I [25 M] cannot stop thinking about my fiancé's [25 F] best friend [25 F]
I [23 y/o female] decided to date my best friend [22 y/o male] of different nationality and religion.
I'm in love with my fiancé's best friend...
I (31 F) started selling Non-Nude pictures online for medical bills. How to address this with friends/lovers (30+ M) in my life?
My (17F) boyfriend (17M) and I have not been in contact for two weeks. Don’t know when he will be back. I am panicking!
I(M20) really like this girl(F20) but im not physically attracted to her
I was in a toxic relationship, where I was stonewalled, gaslit, ghosted at any sign of conflict, my self esteem is ruined. Yet because the relationship was only a few months it was honeymoon so I can’t think of the bad side of her. Just feel terrible, I need advice (m20, f21)
My (17F) boyfriend (17M) have not been in touch for two weeks. Don’t know when he will be back. I am panicking!
Because of my (21m) relationship with my gf (21f) and how it got started, I've been being accused of rape by deception on Facebook by friends. I don't know what to do or say. Or if they're perhaps right?
Why does my boyfriend (28M) make me(26F) sad?
I don't like my friend's favorite game
How to deal with my partners ex - now turned best friend?
Do finances play a big role in marriage?
Should I [23F] disclose my mental illness to the person [21F] I have started dating?
How do I tell this girl (13F) I (15M) don't want to be in a relationship?
My (f21) parents (f&m 61) are pressuring me to have a baby
Convince to my gf for MMF
Homemade "coupons" for LDR?
I (29M) can't let go of an unhealthy relationship (28F)
Relationships in the time of COVID
My (17) girlfriends (16) father is against me and probably hurting her right now
how do I tell this girl I don't want to be in a relationship?
Should you disclose your mental illness to a new partner?
What should I do about my territorial roommate?
Why does my boyfriend make me sad?
How do you control nagging/stressing over your partner's habits and ways when you're fed up?
My ex is moving And I’m so confused what to think.
What should I do about my territorial roommate?
My Partner (20M) didn’t get me (20F) a gift or do anything special for my birthday.
Can I save my relationship after all of this?
Politics and stay at home orders are killing my relationship
Me (24) Crush (23) , Messaging my crush.
Partner (20 M) didn’t get me or do anything for my 20th birthday.
I (29F) broke up with my boyfriend (33M) of one year on Monday through text and he never responded
I [M, 28] am dating someone [F, 28] who isn't on birth control but sex with a condom isn't working either
My boyfriend (28M) makes me (26F) sad.
Is financial stability a big part of marriages?
Would it be weird for me to get in touch with my ex from >5 years ago to apologise for my behaviour?
My gf and I have a big disparity between how seriously I’m taking this epidemic, and how much she isn’t.
I need help making my boyfriend (m, 17) and I’s (f, 18) one year anniversary special
Girlfriend stopped speaking to me after I said no to sex
Wholesome 1y date idea suggestions please!!
I confronted my Bf's classmate about her flirtatious attitude.
So confused...are people still visiting their SO’s place during this quarantine? What’s the general advice?
Me (24) & Crush (23) , I knew her from LinkedIn and need some advice for next steps !
Is it possible to reconnect with a person who rejected you?
Is forgetting an anniversary a big deal?
Me (24) & Crush (23) , I knew her from LinkedIn and need some advice for next steps !
Why am I so ugly?
Can someone please explain the reason people ghost to me?
Is it possible to reconnect with a person who rejected you?
So a girl added me on LinkedIn (apparently looking to grow her career), but tbh I am so in love with her, I talked to her to ask about suggestions for courses as an opener and it ended at "great thanks". What would you suggest to be a next step so I can try to speak to her casually not being creepy?
Should I tell FWB that I got pregnant [mid 20s]?
My bf friend called me fat
How do I [28F] deal with my [25F] roommate who has ran out of food and money?
Deteriorated relationship with my (28F) mom because of a relative.
Does my boyfriend still want his child’s mother?
I (18M) want to be able to flirt again but I love my GF too much (19F)
I want to be able to flirt again but I love my GF too much
My (25M) girlfriend (25F) cannot show me any affection anymore
My girlfriend (23F) is needy and that really bothers me (23M), I have big issues on saying no to her
Mother in law drama- why are you excluding me from the family chat?
My boyfriend [32/m] and I [29/f] had a conversation that hurt my feelings but he thinks I’m being ridiculous.
Gsketuksfkentehmeu
Deteriorated relationship with my mom because of a relative.
Is my (30+M) cousin out of line or encroaching inappropriately on my family for $? My siblings and I can't decide.
Am I overreacting?
Girlfriend [23F] is very needy and this makes me(23M) exhausted
What do I (F22) do about my boyfriend (M24) lying to me and sexting other people online?
My (34F) sister (41F) might be getting back with her ex (38F) and if she does I'm cutting her out of my life.
21M think of buying 21F necklace for her birthday but only platonically
Divorce is crossing my (29m) mind more and more with my wife (39f) and I do not want to go down that route
What do I (F22) do about my boyfriend (M24) lying to me and sexting with other people online etcetera?
Boyfriend hates to spend money on me.
I (18M) want to leave my girlfriend (19F) of 3 years but I'm afraid she will harm herself if I do.
I (18M) want to leave my girlfriend (19F) of 3 years but I'm afraid she will harm herself if I do
I [29M] was going to ask a friend [24F] on a date, Corona lockdown has complicated things!
I'm (18M) worried my girlfriend (19F) might harm herself if I leave her but I'm no longer happy in this relationship
My (23F) former best friend (23F) of 8 years betrayed me, manipulated and lied to, Also refuses to give me back $ 2000 I lent her.
My (23f) male friend (28m) wont stop bugging me about breaking quarantine
Quarantine Couple's Tension - A technique to help.
Does my boyfriend still want his child’s mother?
21 M buying necklace for 21F birthday platonically.
My issue with insecurities and jealousy
My (23F) former best friend (23F) betrayed , manipulated and lied
Please help me I need relationship advice
my boyfriend blocked me
Am I overthinking?
Does my boyfriend still want his child’s mother?
My issue with insecurities and jealousy in my relationship
Mutual friend of me [25M] my gf[20F] blocked me because I was feeling insecure that he might like her?
My issue with jealousy and Insecurities in my relationship
Ssjjaja
Fallen out of love
I'm sick and I'm having a really hard time dealing with it.
My exGF [24F] broke up with me largely because I [28M] didn't want her exbf[30M] to spend the night with her alone so they could have 'closure'.
[mini rant] I'm sick, and am having a really hard time keeping it together.
I (F18) freshman in college like a (M16) junior in high school
I (24F) feel like my husband (25M) and I aren't really married when it comes to financial matters and now I am lost and feel alone after having my hours being cut to only 2 days due to COVID-19
My (33M) girlfriend (30F) relocated to another country with the intention of me joining her a few months later. She decided to travel back to my country. Upon her arrival, I noticed that she had originally taken a handful of our condoms with her. Normal?
Hello Stranger, goodbye!
My exGF [24F] broke up with me because I [28M] didn't want her exbf[30M] to spend the night with her alone.
How do I (f24) tell my roommate (f24) that I do not like the fact that her boyfriend is at our apartment almost every day due to Corona quarantine?
My (22F) girlfriend (23F) is secretive or not honest about the people she dated
I [M18] fucked up my chance with a woman [F21] I like who liked me back.
HELLO STRANGER, GOODBYE.
I a freshman in college (F18) like a junior in high school (M16)
My(m27) wife(f23) has a restraining order in me
I (19F) need help getting over or dealing with insecurities regarding my new relationship (19M)
ADHD and Relationships: Let's Be Honest
Has the quarantine mademe crazy already or is my roommate in the wrong?
Love and Covid
Breaking up during coronavirus- How?
Anyone interested in giving me (16f) relationship advice on my boyfriend(17m) we’ve been dating for 4 months. Is it possible we can talk in private messages ?
I'm [23F] breaking up with my bf [29M] and I feel so guilty about it
Has the quarantine made me crazy already or my roommate is in the wrong?
I(25M) Having trouble moving on my life from girl(25F) who played me twice
Please, help me (27F) and my boyfriend (31M) find a solution to a problem which is destroying our relationship. We are at a standstill...
Need ideas
Is it possible to find deep meaningful friend connections later in life?
My ex is forcing himself to stay on my couch due to a technicality after not paying rent for 7 months. How can I get him out?
Dealing with bf's ex resurfacing
(M24) Paranoid about my girlfriend(F23)
Teens out there how can I(18M) hit up a girl(18F) on snap without sounding weird
In no contact with my (28F) ex (33M) and need some perspective
BF of 1 1/2 years doesn’t even say anything sweet, I’m feeling unwanted.
Should I feel THIS guilty?
Teens out there what’s a not weird way to hit up a girl on snap?
For the dumper who gets a bad reputation.
Should I feel THIS guilty?
I (28M) am thinking of breaking up with my GF (26F) because of a low emotional connection. Should I?
Broke up after 2 year relationship and I don't know if I made a mistake.
Does anyone ever move on from their past relationships?
My father is abusing me about school and homework.
Does anyone ever move on from their past relationships?
My(23M) girlfriend(20F) doesn't want to believe facts and science and I'm reconsidering the relationship.
Advice wanted of what to do
My sister (35F) and I (27F) barely speak to each other. I'm getting married soon. Sometimes I want to mend the bridge, but I can't make up my mind.
I [18F] am not my boyfriend's [20M] type. He says his feelings died because he wasn't attracted to me. He says it's back again but I don't know how to feel about it.
I think i want to break up with my boyfriend but i don’t know how and honestly i can’t
I think I want to breakup with my boyfriend but i can’t
My(25M) Friend(27M) Has Become Hateful And I Can’t Handle It Anymore
Is my (28F) BF (29M) lying to me?
Does my boyfriend still want his child’s mother?
Me (27) and my girlfriend (26) are trying to be friends. Need advice.
My exGF [24F] broke up with me because I [28M] didn't want her exbf[30M] & rapist to spend the night with her alone.
For the first time in a while, I have hope, yet I feel so insecure!
How can I [19 F] get over relationship insecurities with my new [1 month] boyfriend [19 M]?
Me and my girlfriend are trying to be friends. Need help.
It's been a year my kids dont talk to me or want me around since they are on there dads side not knowing how abusive he is I came back for them but cant do this anymore
I (25F) want to know what it means to “love yourself” through other people’s experiences.
How to marry a billionaires daughter?
I’m a serial cheater
For the first time in a long time, I have hope, yet I feel so insecure!
What does it mean to love myself (25F)? A post on your relationship with yourself.
How do my mom (62) and I (F19) get my dad (69) to shower?
Bestfriend
Is there a line that needs to be drawn in relationships regarding porn and what is respectful/disrespectful?
I (22F) like this guy (21M) but I'm too fresh out of a relationship and I don't want to lead him on
My [28m] boyfriend has been working his ass of and I [27f] haven’t seen him in 2 weeks. What can I do that’s nice for him but still follow quarantine? I want him to feel appreciated.
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) didn’t tell me he had herpes
My mother is a conspiracy theorist and it's damaged our relationship
What does it mean to love yourself? A post about your relationship with yourself.
My boyfriend (20M) didn’t tell me (20F) he had herpes
healing with significant other (F21, F22)
Me M(18) and girlfriend F(17) I need help on what to do
My [19M] Girlfriend [19F] is acting different the last couple days and I don’t know why and she won’t tell me
healing trauma with significant other (F21, F22)
My (19F) father (63M) is not respecting quarantine. My mother (60F) might leave him over it. What should I be doing right now?
I’m(22F) upset because my boyfriends(24M) family excluded me from a trip. Am I overreacting?
Dont skip us
Get back with the ex or stick with new guy?
Age difference am I wrong?
Me (M22) and my GF (F18) got into an argument, I am being manipulative and confused about my feelings
I still keep your letter.
healing trauma with your significant other
I (M22) am a being a manipulative ass to my gf (f18), but I like that.
Bf(31) deletes texts from his “friend”
My (19M) and boyfriend (20M) are having some issues with long distance.
Serious question. I (26m) sexually attracted to my gf (26f) sister (23f) we been together a long time and I’ve always thought her sister was attractive. But just recently thought of her in that way. How do I stop?
LDR School Advice
(TLDR at the bottom) We just "broke up" on this April Fool's Day (Can't think of a better title right now)
Serious question. I (26m) sexually attracted to my gf (26f) sister (23f) we been together a long time and I’ve always thought her sister was attractive. But just recently thought of her in that way. How do I stop?
Serious question. I’m sexually attracted to my gf sister we been together a long time and I’ve always thought she was attractive. How do I stop?
My [30sF] husband [30sM] is constantly jealous of our dog and is now stonewalling me over it. Help.
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) is constantly playing video games and basically ignores me
My (30M) girlfriend (28F) hates my dog and won’t come over anymore
How can I earn his trust again?
I (19F) found my boyfriend(25M) texting his ex.
TW: Me (F20) and my boyfriend’s (M20) good friend (M23) has been on a suicidal and self destructive streak for almost a year. How can we get through to him?
My (30sF) husband's (30sM) jealousy of our dog and his stonewalling/silent treatment have me at my breaking point. Help.
Contracted COVID-19 and now I’m trapped in quarantine with my ex boyfriend. Was I wrong to dump him?
How can I get him to trust me again?
HELP ME I THINK IM LOSING MY MARBLES
My [24F] friend [24F] says she feels sorry for me because I don’t have a family as big as hers.
How do deal with my family (and my crappy little brother) ?
I [24M] am feeling extremely guilty after breaking up with my long-time girlfriend [24F]
I (27F) have moved on from my father's death but my siblings (42M) & (47M) have not, now I find it hard to talk to them. Advice on how to steer conversations away from father.
TW: Me (F20) and my boyfriend’s (M20) good friend (M23) has been on a suicidal and self destructive streak for almost a year. How can we get through to him?
How long have you not seen your s/o with the pandemic going on?
HELP ME I THINK IM LOSING MY MARBLES
My family is falling apart
How can I (32M) better deal with a platonic here active elsewhere (27F)
TLDR: We "broke up" on April Fool's day (I can't think about a better title now)
Contracted COVID-19 and now I’m trapped in quarantine with my ex boyfriend
My family is falling apart
I (20 F) found some texts in my boyfriend'a (23 M) phone and I don't know what to think
My (29F) mother (54F) bought me a luxurious gift, but I really needed help paying for needed OTC meds. Should I ask her to return it and purchase the meds instead?
My GF (F18) has become Emotionally Unavailable. We decided to take a break. What should we do next? Me (M18)
I [22F] told my coworker [22M] who has a long-term girlfriend that I like him - somewhat confused by his response?
My parents make it difficult for me to move out
My GF (F18) has become emotionally Unavailable. We decided to take a break. What should we next?
My (30M) girlfriend (28F) hates my dog and won’t come over anymore
My [20F] friend [20F] is in an unhealthy relationship
My (20M) boyfriend (19M) has such a high libido that I'm a little bit worried about him.
Please help me decipher the ultimate mixed messages from my (28M) ex (29F).
Cute things to do for my gf while stuck apart due to travel bans
Anxiety with friend (18F)
How can I (32M) better deal with a platonic yet active elsewhere (27F)
my gf(18) has become emotionally unavailable and now we are taking a break. what should we do next?
My family is falling apart
(20F) My boyfriend (21M) has a girl best friend and it makes me jealous
Me (21M) trying to fix a broken relationship with my ex-girlfriend
[19F] My boyfriend [20M] makes me feel loved yet unappreciated. I feel insecure because I want to be able to support him.
AITA: religion is messing up my sex life
[19F] My boyfriend [20M] makes me feel loved but unappreciated. I'm feeling insecure because I want to be able to support him.
After nine years of relationship I [46M] feel that I took advantage of my wife [27F] that I stole years of her life that she won't live again
After nine years of relationship I [46M] feel that I took advantage of my wife [27F] that I stole years of her life that she won't live again
After nine years of relationship I [46M] feel that I took advantage of my wife [27F] that I stole years of her life that she won't live again
I read my wife's journal and I'm not sure how to proceed.
I(23F) feel that the way me and my bf(28M) split chores is unfair
I’m [F19] and having a little trouble approaching my parents because of fear
I'm [21F] home with my parents for the foreseeable future. My dad [65m] is secretly drinking and lying to my mom. Should I confront him?
We "broke up" on April Fool's day (I can't think of a better title now)
Advice please
Me (F17) and him (M19) broke up and I feel like shit still.
After nine years of relationship I [46M] feel that I took advantage of my wife [27F] that I stole years of her life that she won't live again
My (27F) girlfriend (30F) ended things our of nowhere
My boyfriend [34/m] refuses to talk about an argument after a certain point. It drives me [29/f] crazy.
Why does my bf (27/M) keep getting upset whenever I (26/F) question what he says?
My girlfriend[25f] that I live with tells me[23m] that she wants me to be around her as much as I can, her mom tells me I need to back off of her and give her more space. I don't know how to handle the conflicting information.
My (F21) boyfriends (M22) mom is so disrespectful towards me without even meeting me
I feel like ass
(M19) who do i ruin relationships that make me happy? how do i truly become a better person? how do i forgive myself.
Am I(20F) being selfish or is my GF(19F) is the one whose selfish?
My (38F) Ex (38M) is loosing touch with reality, not sure how to approach this with the kids.
I (17M) basically told my "siblings" to F off when they tried to pass guilt over to their bio dad after treated me like crap for years
Should I reach out to my sister?
I[23M] lied to my girlfriend[23F] i'm not a virgin
Is it wrong of me (25F) to turn down a guy (25M) who thinks I’m ugly?
Long lost love (M29) added me (F27) on FB and I dont know how to speak to him.
I'm [28F] receiving money from my ex husband [31M] so that he'll be given am European passport before we divorce. The wait has been longer than anticipated, and the pandemic is likely to delay it even more. My fiance [27M] is ok with this, even if it means postponing our own wedding indefinitely.
Long lost love added me on FB and I have been feeling like a teenager.
I (28F) can't tell how I feel about my boyfriend (29m)
I(25M) Having trouble moving on my life from girl(25F) who played me twice
I caught (22f) my boyfriend (27m) still having the tinder app!
Me [30 F] with my BF [31 M], highly suspicious/anxious that BF watches porn while I'm at home. Advice on how to deal?
Hey Men of Reddit! I am Dr. Ranjith Ramasamy - I am a Mens Health Specialist / Urologist at the University of Miami. I'm excited to discuss the effect of steroids on sperm on r/iAMA at 1-4PM EST
My (18F) parents are fighting and I don't know what to do (NSFW: SUICIDE AND SELF HARM)
Help a stranger?
Hi Reddit! I am Dr. Ranjith Ramasamy - I am a Mens Health Specialist / Urologist at the University of Miami. I'm excited to discuss the effect of steroids on sperm on r/iAMA 1-4pm EST
My (18F) parents are fighting and I don't know what to do (NSFW: SELF HARM AND SUICIDE)
I(23M) lied to my girlfriend(23F) i'm not a virgin
Is the phrase “once a cheater, always a cheater” true to an extent?
I[21f] feel neglected by my bf[26m] of two years and want to address it maturely and sensibly. Help?
Don't know if my brother took my advantage of my naiveness...
My bf (m23) acts like an immature child and doesn't see a problem with it. Am I (f23) getting too worked up over nothing?
Me [30F] with my BF [32M], concerned BF is watching porn while I'm at home. **tl;dr**: How to deal with high anxiety/suspicion around BF watching "adult" videos?
One of my (18F) close friend’s (17F) best guy friend (17M) turned out to be a psychopath
My brother (27) touched my (20) boobs with permission but now I feel bad
Ex, who’s in a new relationship, told me he still has feelings for me?
I (F29) seem to have a different communication style than a friend (M24) and I'm not sure how to deal with it
I’m talking to a guy 600+ miles away
I can't wait to cheat on my husband with a hot young guy
My[24F] family is refusing to give me a share of the property and the money that they borrowed from me and my father.
Would you date someone who has narcissistic tendencies and a long history of cheating on their SO even though they tell you 3 months into knowing you that they love you and want to spend the rest of their life with you?
I [21F] feel neglected by my BF of almost 2 years [25M] and can't handle how much it hurts
I caught my bf(35 M) using escorts
GF(19) doesn't make enough time to talk to me(18M)
Boyfriend (31M) ended things with me (27F) because of how anxious he's been lately, it was a bit of a surprise, I don't know what to do or if I was the cause of everything
I (18m) cant let go of loving my ex (18f) even tho we broke up over a year ago and she is jumping from relationship to relationship, how do i kust get over her already.
Ex told me he still has feelings for me, yet he’s in a new relationship?
I (30F) am over-anxious about BF (35M) using porn while I'm at home.
My [22F] boyfriend [31m] keeps pushing me to send nudes and I don't want to
He's Just Not That Into You. Or is he....? Help!!
Is my Fiance (26F) and I (32M) slowly becoming Toxic?
My wife (28) and I (28) have been together 10 years and have hit a crossroads
My [22F] boyfriend [31M] keeps pushing for nude pictures and I don’t want to send them
GF(19) can't make enough time to talk to me(18M)
He's Just Not That Into You. Or is he...? Help!!
What does this mean?
Is my Fiance (26F) and I (33M) slowly becoming Toxic?
I caught my bf(35 M) using the escorts
I(25M) Having trouble moving in my life from girl(25F) who played me twice
[Question] Recently I have been quite turned on by asking my girlfriend about her past sexual experiences while we are having sex. The thrill of it is mind blowing. Does anyone else share this interest and what specific details do you enjoy listening to her/him tell you about?
Is it possible to love someone but be full of living with the person? (Me 35 F/ he 35M)
Me [30F] with my boyfriend [30M], had nudes on his phone I accidentally saw, asked he delete them which he did, but now come to find he still has others.
Is it possible to love someone but be full of living with the person?
She (23F) is not sure how she feels about me (27M) anymore.
My dead mother is still torturing me
I [20M] am currently stuck in New York and my mother is a doctor but “friends” [20M] have not asked me if im ok
My (f23) boyfriend (26) mentioned watching live cam girls. Why does that make me feel so insecure? (2 year relationship)
Either my(f 38) husband (m 45) is manipulating me a whole lot or I'm just crazy like he tells me.
I [23F] am confused about how to handle having a new boyfriend [25M] while still living with my ex [24M]
My [15F] dad [50M] prioritises his romantic partners over me
Unwanted "Breakup" Because of Parents?
Good enough reason to break up?
I(25M) Having trouble moving in my life from girl(25F) who played me twice
My (f23) boyfriend (26) mentioned watching live cam girls. Why does that make me feel so insecure? (2 year relationship)
My GF(18) and I(19) need your advice
Just got set back
Just got set back
I (22F) in love with my online best friend (19F) and we always jokingly pretend to like each other but I don’t know how to tell her I’m serious.
Just got set back
Just got set back
Friends with benefits
I (19M) am not sure if this girl (19F) is interested in me and if it's even a good idea to consider a relationship
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) flips the duvet over in the middle of the night
I (22M) have a teensy problem retaining relationships of any kind and could use some advice
What do you do when you have a crush but he has a girlfriend?
My (F21) boyfriends (M22) mom is so disrespectful towards me without even meeting me
Should I (26f) break up with my boyfriend (23m) if i found out he lied about something to impress me?
I [19M] asked my girlfriend [22F] for a break from our relationship.
My (24F) boyfriend (24M) flips the duvet in the middle of the night
I [19M] asked my girlfriend [22F] for a break from our relationship.
Problems with arguing
Reason : Why did he do that ? Why did he say that ? Answer :
My dad is a bad person...getting worse and don't know how to handle it
I(25M) Having trouble moving on from girl(25F) who played me twice
Retroactive jealousy with girlfriend?
Problems with arguing
Am I (f/26) being unreasonable when it comes to my boyfriend's (m/30) cooking?
Gf(19) “””pranked””” me(20) with a fake account
Need advice: My(24f) boyfriend(34m) hurt me and I don’t know what to do.
My girlfriend (19) “”””pranked”””” me(20) by making a fake account to dm me
Girlfriend and Modeling
In need of advice. I am hurt but I love him.
Girlfriend and Modeling
Problems with arguing
Anxiety mimicking love in long distance relationship?
Retroactive jealousy?
Does my (31F) bf (22M) like me even though he doesn’t compliment me?
My girlfriend refuses to stop texting her ex
My girlfriend refuses to stop texting her ex
crush on friend
Friends crush
Friend crush
I (19F) am starting to fall for another man 2 years into my relationship
A guy [21M] tried to cross me for someone else [21F], then died. Now I like a married man and think I have to quit my job.
My GF went through a lot of abuses and i need your advice.
Question about my past relationship
How can I (25F) help my partner (25M) deal with 6 years of bottled grief and anger?
He [21] tried to cross me for another girl [21] and died. I like a 35 year old married man now.
Opinions on a freshman in college dating a high school junior
[17M] Advice on breaking up with my girlfriend in quarantine [16F]
[17M] How to break up with girlfriend [16F] in lockdown
What do you think about meeting someone in 48 hours from a dating app?
H
Opinions on freshman in college dating a high school junior
My boyfriend “pranked” me with a breakup and now I don’t know how to feel.
My boyfriend has had another girlfriend before me but he says I’m his first love.
My (26F) fwb is acting weird what’s his (27M) im confused
I (27F) want to break things off with my boyfriend (25M) of a year but I’m not sure how
Consoling partner
Severing illicit contentment
I just turned 30 so I'm taking matters into my own hands.
Since trying for a baby, my (36f) husband (37m) isn't interested in me anymore
Unappreciative Girlfriend
My SO [25M] and I [25F] haven’t used condoms in years but I’ve noticed some have gone missing from the box.
My Girlfriends close friend admitted to having feelings for her and wants something more
Should I [21F] tell my mom that I caught my younger brother [18M] having sex with out cousin [19F]?
Since we started trying for a baby, my (36f) husband (37m) doesn't seem to want me and I can't deal anymore
[23, M] (2years) Got over the breakup very fast
Girlfriend's close friend admitted to wanting to be more than friends with her.
My wife is cheating
I (f22) have a crush on a guy I’ve known since we were 10 and we are not even interacting anymore
Let me tell you story how my heart got broken
Marriage advice
Severing illicit contentment
New SO is a bit of a Christian Grey and now I feel intimidated..
Tired of blowjobs
Unappreciative GF
My wife says she’s not in love anymore and is talking to other guys
My sister (19F) isn't interested in doing anything towards self sufficiency, what can we do?
My [24F] boyfriend’s [40M] depressive attitude & occasional superiority complex brings me down
21M. For those who have separated from their first love how did you get over it?
My sister (19F) is not interested in doing anything towards self-sufficiency, what can we do?
Breakup
My (F35) boyfriend (M31) is always on his phone. Every spare second of the day. Is this normal?
(F20)(M20) we started as friends with benefits, now we love eachother but she have a boyfriend..
For those who have separated from their first love, how did you get over it?
From friends with benefits to love?!
I think my girlfriend is losing interest and being toxic and abusive as well
I [32M] really want to divorce my wife [27F]. We have 2 kids, mortgage on a house and a 10+ year old very broken relationship. I don't know what do do.. I need advice & help.
My Hindu boyfriend [M30] won't tell his parents about me [F25]
Is my (F 21) boyfriend (M 21) emotionally incapable or just not trying?
Me [32 M] with my ex [27 F] living together after a breakup
My wife (27F) (10 years married) and I (28M) have an open relationship. Where do we draw the line?
Is my (F 21) boyfriend (M 21) emotionally incapable or just not trying?
My fiance(24M) doesn't feel the same way as I (22F) do, and wants more time!
Depression and Intimacy
Online friend (21M) keeps talking about wanting to start dating me (21F), but I’m not ready. What do I do?
My (21M) boyfriend (22M) looks like my r*pist
How do I (20M) end my FWB relationship with my housemate (21F) without making her feel bad?
My[36M] girlfriend[37F] lied to me few months a go and now i have hard time trusting her
Why does this guy keep ghosting me?
I (28f) don’t know if I should leave my husband (26m) after finding out he lied to me and cheated on me
Why does this man keep ghosting me?
Why do men ghost when things seem good?
Am I (16f) a toxic friend?
My gf lied to me few months a go and now i have hard time trusting her
distant relationship
My friend(20s) and I(20s)got into a fight - what do I do now?
distant relationship
Isolation activities
Why do I [18 F] have no sex drive anymore?
Why do I (18 F) have a sudden lack of sex drive?
HOW DO I TELL MY CRUSH THAT I LIKE HER?
Isolation/new romance ideas!
9 years of abuse and I'm tired
Help
It's long, but please help..
Should I [26M] cut contact with friend/love-interest [25F]. {Content Warning - Rape}
13 Signs You're In The Right Relationship
Is my (30+M) cousin out of line or encroaching inappropriately on my family for $? My siblings and I can't decide.
Should I completely ignore my sister's existence...?
How to know if it's attraction or just a release for my anxiety and possible desperation? I (M31) want to ask out my friend (F34).
Girlfriend keeps messaging with ex
What did he want with me
My siblings can't decide if our cousin [32M] is out of line and encroaching on our family inappropriately. He seems to try to force himself into our family dynamic and replace me.
Is my (30+M) cousin out of line or encroaching inappropriately on my family? My siblings and I can't decide.
DR TL my boyfriend (16m) has been acting different towards me (16f) since I cut my hair and i dont think we're gonna last much longer
My boyfriend (16m) has been acting different towards me (16f) since I got my hair cut and I'm not sure if we're gonna last much long
Ex reached out to meet up and then never replied, anyone have any insight to what the heck is going on?
Situational Advice
Situational Advice
Me (M,22) am still in love with my high school crush (F,22) seven years later even after being rejected . How can I win her over?
I need help with finding meaningful sex
DL 16 female 10 months am I terrible person if I break up with my boyfriend
DR 16 female 10 months
Girlfriend keeps messaging with her ex
TL am I an ass hole if I break up with my boyfriend
I haven't talk with my online friend in 7 months now
Am I an ass hole if a break up with my boyfriend
In love with this girl since high school. Need to let it out.
I think my partner has a crush on another woman
My girlfriend that loves me left me because something is missing?
Advice on how to feel like a person again after a breakup?
Girlfriend (22F) messaging with her ex
My friends boyfriend (16M) might have a crush on me, and I (15F) might like him back
My girlfriend had ended it with me because something was missing, but she doesn't know what it was?
Is my (F20) boyfriend (M20) too weak?
My (23F) Muslim family disowned me because I converted to Christianity
Scared to tell my boyfriend my diagnosis
I want my girl back
My (19F) father (63M) is not respecting quarantine, and my mother (60F) might leave him over it (about time!!). What should I be doing/preparing for?
Women are scary.
Is my relationship with my mom normal?
I dont know what i am feeling pls help me
My BF (22M) doesnt want to have sex with me (23F) anymore? :/
Is my relationship with my mother normal? Is my mom being abusive?
Is my (F20) boyfriend (M20) too weak?
quarantine
My BF (22M) doesn't want to sleep with me (23F) anymore?
(M22) I am currently dating my girlfriend (21) and she is in another state and I’m an active duty in the Army I honestly need input
I just moved to a new country before covid-19 happened and I'm extremely lonely.
How to convince mom & grandma to let me move out
What to do?
Rent an apartment or Airbnb with my boyfriend?
Death by a thousand cuts
My [22F] idea of my future with my boyfriend [24M] has changed and it’s my fault
What do I do now?
my (16) boy (16) sent nudes to a girl and idk what to do please help
My (46M) wife (44F) wants to send our son (17M) to a psycoholgist because we caught him drinking. I told her that was ridiculous, and now she is demanding that I go too.
I (19 M) Got dumped by my (18F) GF and am having a hard time coming to terms with it
I (19 M) Got dumped by my (18F) GF and am having a hard time coming to terms with it
I [30F] am having trouble communicating how down I feel about our relationship to my [28M] bf, because I'm not sure if I'm holding a grudge or not
I (18M) don’t know how to feel in my current relationship
I (26m) cannot find the strength to leave him... (31 m)
I (26m) cannot find the strength to leave him... (31 m)
My (21f) past relationship (21m) was portrayed in the movie Midsommar
My (20f) past relationship (20m) was just as portrayed in Midsommar
Rebound
I (20F) am in interested in someone religious (19M) but I’m not religious.
I (20F) am in interested in someone religious (19M) but I’m not religious.
Feeling like Cinderella
I’m interested in someone religious. I’m not.
I like this girl, but she has a bf...
Am I overreacting
Me (21F) and my bf (24M) don’t have an anniversary date?
Why do I find it so hard to date someone who is nice to me? (20F)
UPDATE: I [F16] am involved with my cousin’s [F25] boyfriend [M28].
I (23M) don't want to break up with my long distance boyfriend (24M), but...
Quarantine might’ve ruined me
How do you get someone off your mind??
M28 dating F31, no sexual attraction.
New fwb [33M] tells me [23F] to “lay off the adderall” because I was too hyper and talkative — feeling insecure, rejected, and embarrassed.
10 component of a strong relationship
(F29) been with my bf for almost six years.(M36) he has some bad habits and doesn’t respect my boundaries.
Is emotional attraction enough?
Has a friend ever been so attractive that you won't introduce him to your gf?
Do you prefer a partner who’s smarter than you? Or do you prefer to be smarter than your partner?
A Breakup During Covid-19
Talking with my Ex
I like her, but she has a bf...
I (31M) am looking for an American woman to marry.
A Breakup during Covid-19
I (31M) am looking for an American woman to marry.
Scared my professor will not accept mental health as an excuse for late assignment
How do I tell my best friend to stop talking about her boyfriend
I cut of my crush
Is my Fiance (26F) and I (33M) slowly becoming Toxic?
Am I(F21) being kept on a string by (M23)?
Can our relationship survive after emotional cheating?
I cut my crush off
My (30/F) boyfriend (29/M) refuses to set boundaries with his roommate (29/M) who continuously disrupts our alone time when I'm over.
My (F35) boyfriend (M31) is on his phone every second of the day. Is this normal ?
Should I (M20) go on a 2-month backpacking trip this summer with a girl (F19) I'm interested in?
How should I break it to my friend that her ex and I want to be together?
Me (19) and my boyfriend (20) for 2 mos, doesn't really match with our own interests.
i’m emotionally cheating on my girlfriend
Scared my professor will not accept mental health as an excuse for late assignment.
Mom made me(F20) insecure about relationship and I think I messed up by telling my boyfriend(M21)
What if we don't share the same views and interests?
I (F39) told him (M41) he’s the best lover I’ve ever had.
Me (19) and my boyfriend (20) does not share a good number of similarities, mostly differences
Is he as toxic as I think or am I just delusional?
I (27f) still don't feel anything for anyone 8 months after breakup
Mom made me momentarily insecure about my relationship and I think I messed it up
Can my overbearing mom (52) secretly read my (22F) text messages?
My (F22) SO (M22) has a short temper. Any tips for relationship anger management?
i’m emotionally cheating on my girlfriend
Should I be upfront or wait till sex?
How can I (F22) ask my friend (F29) why she has been so cold and distant lately?
My brother has been fucking my ex
Is This Disrespectful?
My girlfriend (19f) gets triggered and can’t move on. It’s makes it really hard for me (25m)
My friend broke an unwritten rule.
Boyfriend (23M) and I (21F) are going through a rough patch and I’m not sure what to do.
Am I (26F) demanding too much from my SO (30M)?
Boyfriend and i broke up during pandemic but still have to live together
How can I (F22) politely tell my friend (F29) that she has been acting distant and cold?
f/21 texting my ex m/22 (dated for 1 yr- 1 month)
She (17 F) just broke up with me (17 M). We've been going out for 3 months and ill explain more below. Just, I need help.
Should I(20F) apologize to him(20M) first?
Should I be upfront or wait till sex?
Is this selfish?
My BF of 8 months has never included me in an IG post
Im I beeing used by my ex GF?
My [22M] ex [21F] has a new bf [24M] but says all these things?
I need advice
Hi everyone. This is just me venting.
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) left me for someone else and now I'm lost
I need help with old feelings that don't seem to be going away
I'm (21F) tired of being the only reliable person in my family
I [25 F] want to do kinky stuff with my boyfriend [28M] of three years, but he won't try anything because of past abuse.
I (23F) can't deal with my mother (55) and her boyfriend (40sM) anymore.
Why Does My Boyfriend Talk About Women?
My VERY new boyfriend is addicted to porn.
My wife finally lost it.
My bf (17M) and I (17F) are both worried that we will become abusive
My [14M] parents [42F&43M] contradict themselves and each other
33F needs an older man to talk to :(
I (23F) am uncomfortable with my boyfriend’s (23M) boundaries and I am not sure what to do about it.
Question: How did you move on from your most painful breakup?
My [14M] parents [42F&43M] contradict themselves and each other
I (23F) am uncomfortable with my boyfriend’s (23M) boundaries and I am not sure what to do about it.
Am I (29M) selfish for wanting to decline plans with gf's (30F) family?
I watched her grow up from being a foolish girl to a young woman when she told me "No"
My boyfriend unarchived a picture of his ex and I’m disappointed
My parents contradict themselves and each other
My fiancee (33M) keeps sabotaging our living situations and picking fights with real estate agents.
Not sure whether I'm (37M) still in love with my wife (46F).
I (33m) cheated in my marriage to my wife (32f) of two years and I’m sure it’s over I don’t know how to keep going
eternal fucking glory
My (20M) exgirlfriend (20F) broke up about two weeks ago and some interesting things have happened since then
I (33m) cheated in my marriage to my wife (32f) of two years and I’m sure it’s over I don’t know how to keep going
Should I be worried about losing custody of my child?
Help me lol
I (33m) cheated in my marriage to my wife (32f) of two years and I’m sure it’s over I don’t know how to keep going
My [32f] boyfriend [32m] practically disappeared on me for a month, story keeps changing,. I think he used COVID as an excuse to get back with his ex. Unsure if I should wait or break it off.
I (33m) fucked up my marriage to my wife (32f) of two years
I (26f) don’t know how to leave my boyfriend(30m) of 6 years
My dad claimed that by me (13M) not wanting my step brother (12M) to tag along during a bonding activity that I don't love him.
I'm (25M) in a long term relationship with GF (25F) but fell in with someone else
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) has a video game addiction that is ruining my desire to be with him
I can’t have negative emotions because it makes my fiancé even more upset than I am
How to be a friend with Ex’s GF!
I (19F ) am too scared to talk to my crush (19M)
How to be a friend with Ex’s GF!
Not sure whether I'm (37M) still in love with my wife (46F).
I (13M) didn't want my step brother (12M) to tag along with me and my dad when we were going on a bonding activity.
Too scared to tell my crush that I like him
I (26f) don’t know how to leave my boyfriend(30m) of 6 years
My girlfriend today told me she had sex with her ex a week ago. Should I take her back...
I (26f) don’t know how to leave my boyfriend(30m) of 6 years
How to be a friend with Ex’s GF!
Communication issues when stressed [25F] [27M]
Roommate (M23) has a stinky towel that I (21F) am temped to wash
Does my girlfriend love me?
My (23f) boyfriend (28m) and I don’t have sex
I (26f) don’t know how to leave my boyfriend of 6 years
I(F31) have had a crush on him(M32) for 12 years
I’m a 23(f) dating a 28(m) and my boyfriend and I don’t have sex
What does a good relationship look/feel like?
What does a good relationship look/feel like?
How do you show interest in someone without seeming creepy or uninterested?
Don’t know how to leave my BF of 6 years
Abusive ex(25m) of 2 years texted to apologize, confessed being depressed... all I want to do is lash out and block him
How to be a friend with Ex’s GF!
This is gonna be really long...
Fiancé (30M) and I (30F) don’t talk about the abortion
Long distance relationship advice
Girlfriend (19F) Fantasizes About More Than Just Me (22M) And I Makes Me Kinda Jealous
Long-Distance Relationship in Law School? Choosing Northeastern University School of Law over Living with Boyfriend
I (22F) and my mother (52F) have had an awful relationship my entire life, and tonight’s fight lead to her saying we shouldn’t speak and I agree, but I feel like a monster. Is it possible for a mother not to love a child? TL;DR at top
I (23F) am not sure if I'm overreacting to something I noticed on my girlfriend's (26F) phone
Boyfriend (22M) and his best friend (21F) are too close and it’s wearing on me (22F)
I scared the girl i cared for off I need advice
My [27F] new partner [31M] talks to himself and I don’t know how to bring it up.
Dating during quarantine?
My (26F) boyfriend(33M) is cheating on me even though I suggested being in an open relationship. What’s going on?
I [27F] am having trouble bringing up to my new partner [31M] the fact that he talks to himself.
Me (22F) and my mom (52F) fight constantly and I feel nothing towards her. Tonight she said we should stop talking and I agreed but I feel like a monster. Is it possible for a mother to not love her child?
Boyfriend (22M) and his best friend (21F) are too close and it’s wearing on me (22F)
Was I [21M] in a toxic relationship [20F]?
Was it a toxic relationship? Kind of a rant.
My partner [40M] tells me [30F] I should go to grad school to have a better career and not require his financial support. I have never needed him to support me or asked...
My [24M] girlfriend [28F] wants to meet my violently criminal brother [35M] and thinks of him as a hero because he once saved a black woman from a racist gang. Can I say no?
How do you help a friend who you think is close to taking their own life?
I [24F] haven’t talked to my mom [45F] in weeks, but I’m now ready to and don’t know how
Relationships during COVID-19
My (20M) girlfriend's (18F) mental health and stability has been getting progressively worse since starting a new medication. She is aware of this but still refuses to quit, I am now worried about her health and our relationship, any advice?
Me [26f] and bf [24m], is it worth asking about potentially hidden tagged photos on instagram?
“not the right timing”??
My [21F] boyfriend [25M] bought a gun without a safety and just told me he’s never used one before.
My (f23) boyfriend (26) mentioned watching live cam girls. Why does that make me feel so insecure? (2 year relationship)
Me [26F] and bf [24m], is it worth asking about potentially hidden tagged photos?
Advice on talking to my partner about their NSFW social media account
Has anyone ever had an ex that blocked them but ended up getting back together with them ? And it actually working ?
My GF (16F) and I (16M) can't seem to communicate properly and I don't know what to do
Need professional help: my girlfriend (27 F) of nine years told me she doesn't feel love for me [27 M] anymore.
I (25F) am so conflicted about my feelings for my ex-love (27M)
Do I (28f) tell my partner (29m) I have been questioning my sexuality?
Looking for professional, but relatively affordable relationship coaching
Advice on talking to my partner about their NSFW social media account
parents could care less
Afraid to tell my parents I'm moving out
My Parents could care less
Is my (23F) best friend's (23F) new relationship abusive?
How do I (23) get over a guy (24) who doesnt like me back?
I don’t enjoy having sex with him most times
I (23f) want to figure out what the man I’m seeing (24m) and I are to each other.
How do I (23) get over a guy (24) who doesnt like me back?
I don’t know how to enjoy having sex with him
I (23f) want to figure out what the man I’m seeing (24m) and I are to each other.
How would you feel after receiving this text?
UPDATE. Am I being an entitled "nice girl"
I (F18) can't for the life of me call my boyfriend (M21) by his name
My (26f) husband (28m) doesn't want to do anything with me
12 year age difference
She's gone really cold, how can I get her talking again or find out why?
I (F18) can't for the life of me call my boyfriend (M21) by his name
My [27F] boyfriend [30M] is policing my phone usage
Girl said I overwhelmed her, how did I respond?
Can I get her interested again or at least ask her what happened?
Do I love him or am I lonely
I'm (22F) having a hard time talking to my crush (22F) for a multitude of reasons
Filipino-Chinese Relationship: 18 F and 19 M
My (24F) best friend (25F) (who is rather forgetful and slightly irresponsible) never calls back or reaches out when she says she will, even though I’ve moved away and we don’t see each other as much. I’m taking it super personally, as it’s been happening pretty often. Should I say something?
Should I (28f) tell my partner (29m) I am questioning my sexuality?
How to move on from an ex
I've been married before, how do i tell my boyfriend I'm not yet ready for another marriage without hurting him?
My boyfriend's (22M) has a very close relationship with our mutual female friend (22F) and I (22F) can't deal with it anymore.
Girl just replied to me “mmmm ok lol” after a decent fun convo we were having. Is it appropriate for me to leave her on read? We have a 2nd date in two days.
Vgvgbtb
I like someone that my ex friend liked
My partner [M22] and I [F22] are on a break after 1 year of being together, should I move on or wait for him?
My (M19) new girlfriend (F19) wants an open relationship
I'm (22F) having a hard time talking to my crush (22F) for a multitude of reasons
[Update] My (32f) boyfriend (35) asked me to wear his ex's lingerie.
I [29M] have been accused of buying a mail order bride by a vicious rumor spreading throughout my social group. My wife [27F] (married four months, dating about 10 months), a Polish citizen, has been confronted by one of my coworkers, who believe her to be a trafficking victim.
Together but alone
My (M19) Girlfriend (F19) (newly together) wants an open relationship
Should i be this annoyed?
Me 19 M and her 19 F, i hope i did the right thing
I unknowingly took part in an affair.
I (28F) already feel disconnected from a guy (40M) I just started seeing
If I [M35] love my girlfriend [F23], should I pay for her college?
Really need help
I(f29) can't stand my boyfriend(m25) drinking. We've been together for a year and a half, how do I cope with this?
Been married before and it didn't work out, my current boyfriend (36) is pushing for marriage, how do i say not now without hurting him?
My (20f) mom (38) who left my family without reason or warning may have just contacted me, and has been for years. My entire life is shook right now and I don't know what to do.
Really need help
I(f29) hate my boyfriend(m25) drunk, we've been together a year and a half. What to do about it?
My (24M) boyfriend didn't want to quarantine with me (25F) because he thought this was nothing.
I (23 M) want to shave my beard, but my girlfriend (19 F) says she wouldn't have sex with me if I did.
My (24M) boyfriend didn't want to quarantine with me (25F) because he thought this was nothing and everything would be alright by now.
Right to be annoyed?
Right to be annoyed?
Is this normal in relationships?
Right to be annoyed?
My ex has accused me of not respecting her space. Is she right?
My former colleague (38M) texted me (30F) something I find ambiguous / suggestive. How do I handle this gracefully?
How did you know when your marriage was ending?
I hope i did the right thing
My ex has accused me of not respecting her space. Is she right?
I hate my boyfriend drunk
I've been married before, now my new boyfriend(36) is pushing for marriage, and i feel I'm not ready, how do i explain that to him without hurting his feelings?
What physical disability or disease could you tolerate in a dating partner?
Is it normal to be constantly annoyed of your boyfriend?
I [21M] am not happy about being with my family during quarantine
my hot bff needs constant validation
Should I tell
Help
Boyfriend [33 m] scares me [27 f] and hates himself for it
i’m [17F] kind of nervous about college in terms of what it’ll mean for my boyfriend [17M] and i once we get there. what should i do?
Hinge Date Dilemna... Please Help
[Update] Boyfriend asks me to wear his ex's lingerie
I'm a divorcee and my current boyfriend wants marriage so bad and yet i feel I'm not ready.
i just don't care enough to save the friendship
Who did what wrong in mine (20M) and my ex-girlfriends (20F) relationship and breakup?
my hot bff needs constant validation
Should I go with option 1, 2, 3 or should I just eat the whole cake?
I got my (20f) boyfriend (21) (10mo) a puppy and he was still an asshole to me.
My (22F) silly almost love story with my (45M) former crush HELP
I(f31) dont know if I should tell him I like him(M32)
My [M34] wife's [F29] bf [M28] is intentionally sabotaging my marriage.
Can't seem to trust [32M] my close friends [32M] who are never vulnerable or express their feelings
My(20) boyfriend (21) (10mo) apparently can’t appreciate anything..
My (33M) fiancee (29F) slept with my friend (32M). She says she has feelings for him and our relationship is now in doubt, but after she told me the full story it sounds like she was assaulted.
Should I go with option 1, 2, 3 or should I just eat the whole cake?
Free
My (22F) silly almost love story with my (45M) friend and former crush HELP
Is being second best for her really all that bad? My gf (31) was engaged before and I’m (35) trying to deal with it.
I Think My Wonderful Bf Is In The Closet M(21) F(21) Together for 2 Years
Should I (24M) go back to her (24F) and ruin my life w/ drugs then get murdered by her ex, Or go to someone new and ruin her (19F) life w/ drugs then get murdered by her dad? Or quit drugs altogether and bother the one who got married non stop until she’s (24F) forced to fall back in love with me?
My best friend's boyfriend accused me of sleeping with my best friend
My[22M] girlfriend[21F] Has anxiety and I really don't know how to deal
How should I (19F) feel about flirting after a long-term relationship breakup?
To joke or not to joke about old arguments
Go back to her and ruin your life w/ drugs then get murdered by her ex or go to someone new and ruin her life w/ drugs then get murdered by her dad?
I (36f) have to break up with my boyfriend (31m) and the quarantine is complicating things
I [22F] hooked up with my new boyfriend’s [21M] little brother [18M] and he told me he has feelings for me. What should I do?
[31 M] blew it with [27 F], wishing to better empathize and possibly reconnect
My husband will NOT stop talking about a movie once we finish watching it. How do you cope with that?
my friend (20M) left his gf (19F) for me (20F) and now wants to get back with her
best advice you received in regards to dating?
My Boyfriend (22M) has decided to go celibate without telling me??????
My[22M] girlfriend[21F] Has anxiety and I really don't know how to deal
One night stand? FWB? What are we?
My [28 F] Boyfriend [30 M] of 2 years, told me he is having issues with sex, and maybe the whole relationship too
One night stand? FWB? What are we? (Need opinions!)
to joke or not to joke about old arguments
Date
Is it ok to seek a romantic relationship if you are simply lonely in life?
First relationship post divorce
Is it ok to seek a romantic relationship if you are simply lonely?
My colleague (27M) thinks I (22F) like him because I act happy but he is the flirty one. My work environment feels awkward
my friend left his gf for me and now wants to get back with her
My bf (37m) of 4 years will only have sex with me (22f) when he’s in the mood
I (25/f) don’t see things going anywhere with guy I’m seeing (28/m) — I feel bored and unfulfilled, even though he wants to continue seeing me?
My(19F) fiancé (19M) doesn’t eat fruits or vegetables at all?
My boyfriend didn’t get me anything for my birthday
My bf (37M) will only have sex with me (22F) when he is in the mood and we have been together for 4 years
it’s my birthday and my boyfriend didn’t get me anything
Playing minecraft as a couple
How do I (22f) convey to my boyfriend (26m) that I NEED him to move out?
My girlfriend (18F) is way too good for me (19M)
Me [33 M] with my fwb [28 F] said she's not attracted to me enough to date me, can attraction grow?
Girlfriend way too good for me
My (32f) boyfriend (35) suggested i wear his ex's lingerie
My gf [F30] struggles with a binge eating disorder. How can I [M21] help her manage it even when we are separated due to the quarantine?
Me [33 M] with my fwb [28 F] said she's not attracted to me enough to date me, can attraction grow?
My friend (26f) keeps making excuses for her emotionally abusive ex (29m)
Looking for advice on not living with your S.O. during the pandemic
[SERIOUS] Should I try to talk to my girlfriend about how our relationship has been bringing me down and if yes, how should I go about it?
26M Never a girlfriend or kissed still a virgin never a date I'm fat ugly short and poor. No decent women (20sF) like me. Nobody cares that I am miserable and no one wants to help me and no one cares about me. Can I get advice?
I (M 17) am having a hard time getting my girlfriend's (F 17) parents to accept me, so how can I?
My girlfriend (25F) of 9 years and I (26M) just broke up, but I don’t want it to end
identity confusion
[SERIOUS] Should I talk to my girlfriend about how our relationship was been affecting me and if yes, how do I go about it?
[Long Distance] We (M18/M21) had a fight&haven't talked for 3 days
I (M 17) am having trouble getting my girlfriend's parents to accept me (F 17), so how can I?
My girlfriend's parents do not accept me, so how can I get them to?
My ex girlfriend [20F] keeps stalking me [21M] excessively almost a year after the end of the relationship
My (29f) husband (32m) lost his job due to COVID-19 and lied about it for weekw
I'm hurting bad
I broke up with my girlfriend and I need some guidance
Should I [F,21] break up with my boyfriend [M, 21] ?
Girlfriend (F20) told me (M20), together for 5 years, said she needs space and says I’m not fun enough
I broke up with my girlfriend and I need some guidance
How to believe my (M22) partner (F21) always has good intentions?
I (31F) think I saw my cousin (25F) in a PornHub video. Do I tell her?
How to always believe your partner has good intentions?
Should I break up with him?
April Fools' "I'm pregnant!" prank backfires--my BF (29/M) of 6 years explodes with anger, threatening to leave me (30/F) and/or kill himself unless I get an abortion, and says that he doesn't ever want a child with me
How do you believe your partner always has good intentions?
Am I (25M) being unfair to my girlfriend (22F)?
Relationship in Law School?
Porn and insecurities ruining my relationship
Why does my girlfriend do this when I specifically ask for her to stop?
my mom[45], is a narcissist. and i[almost 14 girl], Don't know how to get away.
My (m38) former coworker (f21) confessed to me that she's in love with me and I'm afraid to tell her that I feel the same because she's very young
my mom[45] is a narcissist. and i[almost 14 girl] don't know how to get away.
Girlfriend said she needs space and says I’m not fun enough
I'm looking for a new friend or someone with a possible dating interest.
My (21f) boyfriend (21m) of 3 months moved too fast.
Finally Decided its Time To Forget a Girl
How to work through infidelity & rebuild trust
Would it be weird for me (23F) to give my landlord (50/60sF) a gift for her kindness?
Day 19 of Quarantine. I miss her.
(Long distance) We fought and haven't been talking for 3 days. What are your advices?
The doctor I work with is possibly hitting on me?
How to work through infidelity & rebuild trust
Day 19 of quarantine. I'm lonely.
Porn and insecurities destroying my relationship
How to work through infidelity & rebuild trust
Finally Decided its Time To Forget a Girl
How to I move on?
Would it be weird of me to give my landlord a gift for her kindness?
Quarantine struggles with my (f23) bf(m22)
Any success stories on improving communication with SO?
My Mum is breaking lockdown and getting angry and calling me a hypocrite when I ask her not to. What should I do?
Bored? Take a quick survey to help a sister out.
My bf thinks time doesnt matter
What should I do?
My (36F) boyfriend (50M) is taking his frustration with the corona quarantine out on me, and we don’t even live together - am I too sensitive or is he being a jerk?
I'm not feeling the relationship anymore but I love her
(17 fm) Gf has strict parents and won’t let her see me (20 M), but we hung out and I let her parents find out. I ruined everything.
I [36F] feel sad that my boyfriend [50M] is grouchy and short with me due to being cooped up from corona quarantine...and we don’t even live together!
A few of my thoughts about my (F23) relationship with bf (M22) during quarantine
How do I (34F) deal with this guilt of not letting my mom (56f) come over anymore?
My bf thinks time doesn’t matter
I [24 M] have a suspicion that my girlfriend [24 F] might be wanting to leave me.
Family encouraged me to kill myself a couple years ago and haven't apologized. I have a friendly relationship with them now but frequently remember what they did and it's taking a toll on me. How can I move past this?
Gf has really strict parents. They heard me talk about us hanging out. She can’t talk to me now.
Long distance relationship problems [18F] [17M]
did he just dislike me or did he try to protect me and is he really into the new woman?
[18F] [17M] long distance relationship problems.
My family encouraged me to kill myself, and now I don't know how to move on.
I (M18) want her (F17) back.
This link too crude to send to girlfriend for April fools?
I dont know how to get over my paranoia about my long distance relationship with a girl i absolutely love
why guys say don't shit where you sleep to YOU but later get with someone at work... why is that?
Long distance relationship problems [18F] [17M]
My bff's mom passed away and we both live in separate cities and i'm unable to visit her due to current situations while she's in so much pain how can i help her?
I (M17) need help getting over my paranoia about my long distance relationship with a girl (17F) i am absolutely in love with
Advice needed - two year crush with now ex? (21F)
Advice needed - two year crush? (21F)
How can I make him understand?
My (F20) boyfriend (M20) is making me relapse into my eating disorder. TW:Numbers and restriction
I (26 M) left my fiance (24 F) two days ago. I'm having a hard time today.
How to Cope with Medication that Lowers Sex Drive? (39m, 43f)
My [27F] boyfriend [32M] is struggling with self isolation. How can we make it through this?
How can I make him understand?
I thought he ghosted me and I cut him off but now I regret it
single, very read for a long term relationship
How do I break up with my semi-long-distance girlfriend of almost 3 years?
Figured out my (F28) issues.
Hi; I’m (26F) and I’ve been dating a serial cheater (52M). Now I want to expose the lies because it hurts too much. What to do?
M (30) F (29) How did you learn to love your spouse better?
This quarantine is going to ruin my (34/m) relationship with gf (29/f)
How do I (27F) breakup with my bf (26M)?
Boyfriends best friend died.. seeking advice
My boyfriend (M/21) picks fights with me (F/19) sometimes
GF[F18] of 3 months+ started having doubts about relationship with me[M27]
I thought he ghosted me so I cut him off...now I regret it.
I (26 M) left my fiance (24 F) two days ago. I'm having a hard time today.
my (19f) boyfriend (21m) still follows his ex on social media?
Ex girlfriend
GF[F18] of 3 months+ started having doubts about relationship with me[M27]
Learning how to love him properly F(29) M(30)
How do I (23NB) rebuild trust (23m) in a relationship (10mo) that has been full of repeated fights?
How do I (23F) get over my ex-boyfriend (23M) who has treated me horribly for years?
Is it over? (19M) and (18F)
How to make my wife’s birthday special in these times?
Me (29) H(30) Learning how to love him properly
Is it over? 19M and 18F
Complicated break up (19M) (18F)
My [31F] boyfriend [29M] is getting increasingly paranoid about viruses/sanitizing the apartment and it’s taking over my life
My sister [32F] is upset that I [24F] am in an open FWB relationship and called her husband [50s] ugly
I’ve posted a few times about how I felt all the guilt from the breakup and like it’s all my fault, found out I’ve been emotionally cheated on
I’ve posted a few times about how I felt all the guilt from the breakup and like it’s all my fault, found out I’ve been emotionally cheated on
I’ve posted a few times about how I felt all the guilt from the breakup and like it’s all my fault, found out I’ve been emotionally cheated on
I think my girlfriend is losing interest in me but won’t admit it
Is it something to worry about if you don’t have his number after 2.5 years?
He wants to know do I love him. Why he wants to know ?
My (31M) GF (29F) is fat, getting fatter, and I dont find her attractive, what to do?
How to have a thriving relationship when partner has different political views?
How to make her like you
Should I tell this guy I’m into him over text or keep trying to hangout to tell him in person?
Should I tell this guy that I’m into him over text or keep bothering him to hangout to tell him in person like I would like to?
There's this Girl...
I think my girlfriend is losing interest in me, but won’t admit it
How to make a girl like you
My (30F) boyfriend (30M) walked out on me and has been ignoring me for days
Relationships
I [27 M] have been with my girlfriend [25 F] for almost 2 years and I don't enjoy sex with her.
Conspiracy Theories Breaking my Family Apart
My (30F) boyfriend (30M) walked out on me and has been ignoring me for days
Am I (22F) being abused by my ex (29M)?
My roommate (24F) and I (21M) have gotten increasing close during quarantine.
I [M\27]don’t know how to act in this weird phase with an ex [f/26] I’m reconnecting with after 5 years in terms of communication.
Boyfriend's best friend died
Husband (52) is rationing wife's(43) TP supply during TP shortage.
Is it reasonable that my [30M] wife [29F] is friendly towards a person that has actively tried to convince her to cheat on me (with him)?
How do I let someone down gently?
I [28M] live in NYC and I need help talking to my mother [48F] who is causing a rift between us because she isn't following isolation guidelines.
My bf threw made fun of something I like to impress my roommate, who he is attracted to. Not sure if this is something to even discuss with him. (33m/29f/1year)
I am very confused about my relationship with my girlfriend I need some good advice about what to do
How to let someone down gently?
Help me (24m) get over my crush (24f)
How do I fix this?
Help me get over my crush
I (24f) don't know how to deal with friend (23m) who is emotionally draining
Is it unreasonable for me (30M) to expect my wife (29F) to stop being friendly towards a person (who she has to see regularly) that is actively trying to get her to cheat on me?
Why does everyone hate me???
(21F) My BF (22M), of 2Y, told me about one of his past loves and I can’t stop thinking about it
Spouse Rations TP
My girlfriend is cheating on me and I want to expose her and ruin what she has with him and me
My wife has depression and today she’s having one of those off days. What do I do?
I (24F) want to get engaged to my partner (25M).
What is the biggest secret you have kept or still keep from your S/O? and why?
Why is my gf (27) always annoyed?
Why is my gf (27) always annoyed?
Making friends
How can I (22M) talk to my girlfriend (22F) about needing some time away from her parents during lockdown?
I [24/F] am really struggling with jealousy surrounding my boyfriend's [33/M] ex. How can I work to get over it?
Has anyone successfully transitioned from relationship to friendship? Asking for me (23M) and this girl I'd been seeing for 2 months (23F)
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] slams things when he gets angry. It makes me really upset, but am I overreacting ?
Dating and re-attract a girl who just got out of a long term relationship
Has anyone successfully transitioned from relationship to friendship? Asking for me (23M) and this girl I'd been seeing for 2 months (23F)
Male (25) gf (24) need to know if I’m overreacting?
What should I (19F) do about my financially abusive live-in boyfriend(21M)?
Advice
My [27F] husband [31M] has randomly started drinking and going out again. I'm 36 weeks pregnant.
[update] me and my gf (both 16/f) have mental issues and i dont know what to do anymore
What do I do about my financially abusive live-in bf?
My(23f) boyfriend(24m) texted his ex(24?f) and I’m confused...
Quarantene thoughts
[update] me and my gf (both 16/f) have mental issues and i dont know what to do anymore
How do I let someone down gently?
Thoughts with myself
Me [22M] with my boyfriend [38M] of over a year, I feel like we don't belong together
Does this relationship have a future? (27f) and (30m)
My(23f) boyfriend (24m) texted his ex (24?f)
[update] me and my gf (both 16/f) have mental issues and i dont know what to do anymore
My girlfriend (20) doesn't understand why we have to social distance.
Does this relationship have a future?
Found my bio dad and his religion makes everything super awkward as I wasn’t brought up like that.
I [28M] live in NYC and I need help talking to my mother [48F] who is causing a rift between us because she isn't following isolation guidelines.
How to tell my dad I don't want to talk about feminism with him
Husband got upset over porn discussion
I [19M] feel like my relationship with my gf [18F] is dying because of the lockdown... What should I do?
Husband got upset over discussion about porn
I [21M] hung out with a girl [18F] for two weeks until our school cancelled classes and everything closed. She is thinking about transferring next year so she doesn't want to be more than friends right now. What do I do in this situation?
Husband got very defensive over watching porn
My separated wife (26F) and I (29M) are one the mend but she just broke quarantine to fly to Colorado and I don’t know how to handle it.
My[26F] boyfriend[30M] still follows hundreds of Instagram models, what do I do now?
Do you know of something special I could do for my boyfriend?
She [F 24] doesn't know I [M 24]exist. How do I get to know her?
Do you know of something special I could do for my boyfriend?
I (teen F) have a best friend (teen M) and I keep dreaming about him
My[26F] boyfriend[30M] follows a lot of Instagram models, how do I navigate this?
I (teen F) have a best friend (teen M) and I keep dreaming about him
My grandparents (60s) don’t like my husband (26) because of miscommunication throughout the years
My (20) girlfriend (19) is unempathetic and is rude to me.
My friend sent me (M24) a screenshot of my ex-girlfriend’s (F19) new tinder account. Please help.. I can’t process
My (21M) girlfriend’s (18F) family told me that they didn’t want me to come visit them with everything that’s going on with the virus, but they told me I could live there until it’s over. I’m not sure what to do.
I think that I (23F) might be in an abusive relationship with my girlfriend (20F) of 8 months.
Moving in with girlfriend - Help
How do you gain confidence?
Can my [35 M] and my gf's [40 F] relationship of 4 years recover from her borderline emotionally cheating?
Singles, how many different people do you talk to romantically on any given day? How many dates per week?
Moving in with GF - COVID complications
Ex “bf”(30) says he wants us to be together if there’s a solution
Is this worth breaking up over?
My girlfriend (age 20) left me (age 19) for her toxic ex (age 19)
My girlfriend (age 20) left me (age 19) for her toxic ex (age 19)
My girlfriend (age 20) left me (age 19) for her toxic ex (age 19)
My girlfriend (age 20) left me (age 19) for her toxic ex (age 19)
I sent a “sext” to wrong person and it was bad. What do I do ? 25F
My(26M) boyfriend and I (26F) have a hard time watching movies together
She doesn't know I exist. How do I get to know her?
Discord Server for trans folks & allies! Come quarantine with us <3
Do I stay with her
Uncertain of what to do next
My “ex” bf(30) wants us to be together if there is a solution
Having trouble accepting SO's family
I’ve been having issues in with my friends lately and I just wanna know if everything will be ok
I (26M) am a bad listener and I don’t know how to change that for my gf (30F)
My boyfriend does nothing but play World of Warcraft
Are people who post on social media really THAT happy?
Conspiracy Theories Coming Between Me and my Mother
In your experience, how did you know a relationship wasn’t right for you?
Should I feel bad for not liking SO's family?
My good friend (21M) confessed to me (20F) but I am not interested
I’ve been having some issues with my friends and I just wanna know if everything will be ok
I’m scared that I’m overthinking, but I don’t want to get hurt.. what should I do?
My good friend (21M) just confessed to me (20F) but I’m not interested
SO [36M] is mad that I [26F] let someone draw on my leg - who's being unreasonable?
In the chat after saying sorry the other person also apologizes saying “Ok sorry”
I (18F) flinch away from my boyfriend (19M) when he does this, is it normal?
Conspiracy Theories
Is my anxiety destroying my relationship?
Was this a bad idea?
I talk way more than my boyfriend
Singles, how many different people do you talk to romantically on any given day? How many dates per week?
I (f27) probably know the answer to this, but just needing affirmations about this relationship and if it can still or should be salvageable (m27) [LONG POST]
I (27F) am considering ending my happy 6 year marriage to a good man (31M).
How do I[20M] breakup with a girl[19F] with diastema without hurting her feelings?
Is it normally to flinch away when my boyfriend (19M) does this?
How could I (23M) respectfully give my girlfriend (23F) some money to help her get through the first half of the month before she starts her new job?
My snoring (35 M) bothers my girlfriend (31F) but is unwilling to be part of solution.
I[26f] broke up with my ex[23m] even though we still love each other
How could I (23M) respectfully give my girlfriend (23F) some cash to help her get through the month while she is waiting to start her new job?
Girlfriend left me for toxic ex
why do men(20-50s) choose to stay in abusive relations with women (20-50s)
confused about my f/26 relationship with guy friend m/27
My close friend who I believed to be homosexual tried to rape me and now my boyfriend is mad at me.
My husband doesn’t believe in Covid-19
Can’t overcome guilt from ignoring my dad
Am I taking this April fools joke too personally?
Why do men choose to stay in relationships with abusive women?
Shelter in place is making me face things I was pushing aside about my relationship
I think my bf is lying about having chlamydia
Should I [28F] tell my ex’s [32M] fiancé [20sF] that he’s been flirting with me, asking for pics, and asking to take me out again?
I (23f) think my bf (30m) lied to me about having chlamydia
Am I taking this April fools joke too personally?
Me [30F] this whole covid situation has ruined my life and my future. Not sure if I should jump ship on everything?
My (26M) BF thinks I (24F) purposely put him at risk for the cold sore virus
Conspiracy Theories
My girlfriend (F22) broke up with me (M26) out of the blue.
I (18M) feel insecure when my girlfriend (17F) shows signs that she could be smarter than me.
Gf financially worried because of extended quarantine
I (25F) don't know how to communicate with SO (22M) about the biggest topic we fight about.
Paul Stanley: Bachelors of History (Books to Video)
I (18M) always feels insecure when my girlfriend (17F) and in the past, exes, show a little sign that they might be smarter than me.
I (23F) can't get over things happened during breakup after I got back with my boyfriend (23M)
When is enough enough?
Conspiracy Theories Coming Between the Family
Boyfriend believes I purposely put him at risk for the cold sore herpes virus
I’m shallow when it comes to dating and i don’t want to miss out on someone great over looks.
She(20) lost feelings to me (20) during quarantine ?
Conspiracy Theories
My [19F] insecurity over intelligence is causing problems in relationship with my boyfriend [20M]
Should I[25F] forgive him[23M] for his April Fools day prank, claiming to be intersex?
Lost feelings during quarantine
My [19F] insecurity over intelligence is causing problems in my relationship with my boyfriend [20M]
Breaking Up with my Girlfriend over my Birthday?
Conspiracy Theories
Should I break up or stick it out please help
Breaking up with my girlfriend over my birthday?
my (21f) boyfriend (24m) doesn’t want me posting pictures of me in shorts
How should I (24/F) potentially leave my friend group of 6 years?
I (23F) cannot get over the breakup with my boyfriend (23M) because he was using the dating apps too soon and not telling me
Am I overthinking this April fools joke?
HELP! I (23F) am stuck in the past with my boyfriend (23M)
Abroad and alone with only fianceé and toddler in foreign country. Things are not looking good.
I'm(26m) thinking about breaking up with my GF(36f) of two years
I [23f] think I was abusive in the past and I'm struggling to forgive myself
I dont know where else to go
Why did my ex ghost me?
Has anybody's libido increased since they've stopped watching porn? (19F)
Will our relationship workout if he (21) isn’t physically attracted to me
my (20 f) boyfriend (24 m) doesn’t want me posting pictures of me in shorts
What are the Ultimate Tips On Making A Long Distance Relationship Work ?
How do I (25f) tell my bf(26m) I want to move in with him
Should I ask bf to help me pay for abortion?
Has anybody's libido increased since they've stopped watching porn?
How I met the girl of my dreams online
(M)e (26) and my girl(f)riend (26) contacting too frequent
Help with making sense of some relationship conflicts, infidelity, etc
i(21F) have asked my bf(22M) to not have sex with me till 2021 because i'm worried he's in this relationship just for the sex,is it wrong to test him like this?
How should I (25 F) go about asking my roommate (25 F) to move out?
Help with making sense of some relationship conflicts, cheating, etc
Started loving my gf after she slept with someone else, now I have SEVERE retroactive jealousy
My ex had revealed a lot about herself after our break up
Women would you marry a man who is impotent and unable to get an erection?
My ex has revealed a lot about herself since our break up
Feeling confused about red flags after breaking up
Realizing stuff abt my ex
I(25f) can only fantasize about my ex(s) and that makes me sad and not horny
Hookup culture
My girlfriend (26f) slapped me (22f) hard across the face last night
My (226f) girlfriend hit me (22f) last night and I’m still in shock
My (22f) parents are controlling, I don’t know how to get away and become completely independent
Started loving my gf after she slept with someone, now I have SEVERE retroactive jealousy
Am I (f, 37) Crazy for finding it questionable that my boyfriend (m, 32) still has all the contacts of his sex encounters saved?
What happened in the last year?
My (26f) boyfriends (23m) family is sewing seeds of down in his head about me. How should I handle this?
sdfsdf
Overwhelmed introvert stuck
Four months in and my partner seems to be pulling away
I [25f] don’t know how to help my autistic partner [29m] have a positive attitude
i(21-F) have asked my bf(22-M) to not have sex with me till 2021 because i think hes in the relationship for just the sex..
Overwhelmed introvert stuck
Keeping my first love or going solo
My[26M] girlfriend[26F] lacks self-esteem, is trying to gain confidence through plastic surgeries
My girlfriend's birthday is coming up soon and I am legit broke, would anybody lend me a very small amount of money, and I am ready to send invoices as proof of sending her bday flowers?
Is he [28M] no longer interested in me [23F]?
My (26 f) boyfriends (23m) family is planting seeds of doubt in his head about me. How should I handle it?
4 months in and my partner seems to be pulling away
Me(26f) and my ex(23m) stayed friends after our breakup but somehow we broke up again
Wife and I at odds over Coronavirus precautions
[M]e (26) and my girl[f]riend (26) relationship crisis upcoming - nothing to talk about
Is this the end?
Loss of sex-drive relating to bad dating history?
I [19M] feel like my relationship with my gf [18F] is dying because of the lockdown... What should I do?
Almost hit by a car, and my [F25] friend [M21] couldn’t care less
[M]e (26) and my girl[f]riend (26) in 3 months relationship and slowly out of 'sparkle'
Paul Stanley: Bachelors of History (Books to Video)
New FWB [34M] hasn’t texted me [45F] in days...should I give up?
Ex is dating her ex now 4 months post break up after our year and half relationship
Almost hit by a car today, and my [F25] ex [M21] showed little to no concern because “I cry all the time so nbd”
I've been dating this boy for a week and we already said I love you. I find it weird.
Single and losing drive??
10 Traits of A Good Relationship Partner, Part 3 (Integrity, Non-judgmen...
Do I wish happy birthday during NC?
Is it weird to have said 'I love you' after only a week of dating?
I [32F] would like to know what is your major turn off towards your partner?
I want to be free
What is your major turn off towards your partner?
I’m at a crossroad in my current relationship. (23F) and (26M)
how
I feel like a loser and super lonely, any guidance?
My boyfriend and I never fight, and it's ruining us.
I (24M) and my gf (24F), got into a big argument lastnight over something I didn’t think would be a big deal and I’m not sure how I feel about it.
How do I (23f) let him down (22m) easy?
I (M28) worry that my new GF (F29) will force me to become a different person.
S/o (21M) won’t go down on me (21F) or finish me off
I (24M) and my gf (24F), got into a big argument lastnight over something I didn’t think would be a big deal and I’m not sure how I feel about it.
Is it cheating
Long distance boyfriend (29M) keeps disappearing on me (23F)
Would it be selfish for me (27F) and my fiancé (27M) to try for a baby?
Best way to end a platonic friendship with a guy?
Friendship stuff....
My boyfriend (24M) of 3.5 years will not share his financial details with me (22F)
Has anyone went back to their ex and relationship actually improved? What’s your story?
Has anyone went back to their ex and relationship actually improved? What’s your story?
BF (28M) not supportive of my (26F) dream job
I [25f] don’t know how to help my [29m] partner (who is on the spectrum of autism)
The relationships over. Don’t think I care no more. R/relationship/vent
I (20F) was previously in a toxic relationship with my ex (24M). How do I not let my insecurities and mistrust ruin my relationship with my current boyfriend (20M)?
I (20F) was previously in a toxic relationship with my ex (24M). How do I not let my insecurities and mistrust ruin my relationship with my current boyfriend (20M)?
Me (28m) and my gf (28f) had an argument about gaming, need your thoughts
Relationship over. Not sure if I care. r/relationship / vent
Is it difficult for super attractive and intelligent women to find a boyfriend?
Me (28m) and my gf (28f) had an argument about gaming, need your thoughts
I (20F) was previously in an abusive and toxic relationship with my ex (24M). How do I not ruin my relationship with my current boyfriend (20M)?
He swore on his dead mother’s grave <rage> post
Any advice how to put demons to rest?
How can I (29M) go about telling my friend with benefits (26F) of 2 months I'm beginning to have feelings for her without scaring her off?
But he never lies , he doesn’t hide things from me
My [19F] boyfriend [24M] casually uses slurs & that has pushed me too far
My[20M] GF[17F] looked me up on TruthFinder?
My mom [50F] invades my [24F] privacy by tracking my location on an app. I’m moved out of her house.
My girlfriends annoying habits are driving me nuts
My(24F) bf spends all day one his phone, but he doesn't reply me. Is my bf (24M) seeing someone else?
My mom [50F] invades my [24F] privacy by checking my location on an app. I’m moved out of her house.
Dating in college is stressing me out
I (19F) have fallen in love with my best friend (22F), and I am in so much agony. Please advise :(
I [23f] despise my boyfriend's [23m] mother[48f] who happens to be my ex-stepmother.
Dating during college is stressing me out
27M with my 26F - Social media, interracial relationships, & differing opinions. What can we do?
I think my girlfriend is being toxic and abusive
27M with my 26F. She's upset I untag/don't want photos of us/me on her social media. I won't budge. What now?
Is it natural to stay in a bad relationship because I know I will be lonely for a very long time if i leave it?
I've fallen in love with my best friend but I think she might be straight. I am in agony. Please advise.
Boyfriend(24) wants kids and I don’t (21 f)
Is it natural to stay in a bad relationship because I know I will be lonely for a very long time if i leave it?
Is she (22F) playing mind games with me (24M)? Should I just cut her off?
Advice for managing FIFO relationship
Advice for managing FIFO relationship
My (22F) partner (24M) can't stand up for anything, or to anyone
I[23f] hate my boyfriend's [23m] mother [48f] who happens to be my ex-stepmother.
What can I (24F) do in light of my parents’ (50s M, 50s F) marriage breaking down?
My boyfriend and I never fight, and it's ruining our relationship.
I (24F) struggle with jealousy and anxiety related to my partner's (24M) intimate relationships with other people
I[23f] hate my boyfriend's [23m] mother[48f] who happens to be my ex-stepmother.
In the chat after saying sorry the other person also apologizes saying “Ok sorry”
My boyfriend wants kids and I don’t.
I'm F(33) wondering why he M(36) only says he loves me during sex (2 months together)
I'm F(33) wondering why he M(36) only says he loves me during sex (2 months together)
Husband won’t stop nagging me about my food and exercise
Friend [14F] has recently been quit pissed off and I [15M] can't figure out why.
How do I get my husband to stop bothering me about being ‘healthy’?
The relationship between me [22m] and my gf [20f] is deteriorating. It’s my fault. I need help.
GF’s (17F) body count kind of getting to me. (TRIGGER WARNING)
GF’s (17) body count is...high.
How do I break up with someone I kinda hate.
My friend is pissed off. What should i do?
I think my girlfriend is toxic and abusive
Something is pissing of my friend
How do I break up with someone that loves me a lot.
Should I [27M] tell my girlfriend [24F]'s ex-friend [24M] they hurt her?
I introduced my two best friends about 2 years ago, ended up losing them both and never really got over it
My family is contributing in lowering my self esteem
My family is contributing in lowering my self esteem
Boner In Bed
Bad Boyfriends
Ex best friend (22F) ghosted me, should I(22F) ry and reach out to her?
My [22F] ex boyfriend [22M] who I’ve reconciled with tells me about his abusive ex who was “the love of his life” and I can’t help but feel hurt. Is that selfish of me when he’s opening up about his traumatic past?
I am a bad boyfriend
My boyfriend (25m) looked up “cheating porn”..
Im just looking
Me and my ex broke up 4 months ago and well I need help let’s just say
My long distance boyfriend (M21) wants to take a break from phone sex with me (F19) because it's too personal
Does she text me because she is bored?
I (23M) could go wrong with my friend tatoo ideas (18F)
My (21F) boyfriend (20M) played an April Fool's Day prank on me by pretending to break up.
How do i know if she texts back only because she is bored?
Boner In Bed
Me and my ex broke up 4 months ago and well I need help let’s just say
Worried about relationship between my boyfriend (28M) and I (23F) losing its romance
Reminding myself the bad times
I'm sure my (26F) girlfriend (34F) has lost all interest in me
do you have some days where you're not in love with your partner?
HELP I'm fucking up my relationship because of my period
Having an issue living with boyfriend and his brother. Unsure of how to proceed...
How do I(M15) ask my friend(F15)
relationships are weird
I'm sure my (26F) girlfriend (34F) has lost interest in me.
relationships are weird
something is wrong in the mating game
my gf [30f] brokeup coz i [26m] wouldn't visit her during coronavirus shelter in place order
I [M 20] am starting to think I’m in a codependent with my girlfriend [F 19].
Having an issue living with boyfriend and his brother, unsure of how to proceed...
If you have jealousy issues in your relationship read this, maybe it will help you.
(17 F) been with a (19 M) for two years and I’m still anxious about our relationship
(17 F) been with a (19 M) for two years and I’m still anxious about our relationship
hookup or relationship?
Reminding myself the bad times
(17 F) been with a (19 M) for two years and I’m anxious about our relationship
My (29F) husband (34M) left me for a 21 year old and but how to I break it to our friends?
my gf brokeup coz i wouldn't visit her during coronavirus shelter in place order
What is he looking for
Yeah I guess, fuck him.
My (24M) GF (23F) has told me she is going travelling for 9 months in October and wants to be single for it
I [18F] stood up for my friend [18F] and basically now I am the bad guy
I feel like I can no longer be friends with a longtime friend because of how she treats me
My (24M) girlfriend (23F) told me she’s going travelling in October for 9 months and wants to be single for it
My girlfriend (24f) is thinking about finishing relationship with me (23m)
My girlfriend (24f) is thinking about finishing relationship with me (23m)
Is it better to love or to be loved? Why?
End if relationship?
My boyfriend and I never fight, and I think it's ruining our relationship. How do we get our passion back?
My boyfriend and I never fight, and I think it's ruining our relationship.
Is there anything I can do?
Is there something I can do? Tl;dr
My GF [24] keeps waking me [27]M up by making loud noise like "boo"
My (22 F) boyfriend (22 M) has a new female bestfriend and I can't shake this awful jealousy.
End of relationship???
I stood up by a friend and now I am the bad guy??
We never fight, and I think it's ruining our relationship.
Help..Fucking my relationship up because of my period
Caught my girlfriend [18/F] cheating on me [18/M]
Caught my girlfriend [18/F] cheating on me [18/M]?
Caught her cheating?
Ex best friend of 7 1/2 years ghosted me, should I try to reach out to her?
I [32M] cheated on my wife [32F] and now want to ask for her forgiveness.
I Need Help
My (24F) Dad (56M) won't stop golfing during the pandemic
The girl [19f] who loved a boy [20m] for 4 years
Long Distance Love
How do you avoid getting too attached to someone you know you won’t end up with?
I stopped being friends with my ex-best friend and I am debating on messaging her to rekindle the relationship.
My bf does not post anything on socmed about our relationship
I (22F) am having a constant internal struggle about my bf (24M)
the girl who loved a boy for 4 years
How do I (21F) accept that my boyfriend (23M) finds other women more attractive than me?
I (20M) don't know what to do about (20M) ex after bad breakup.
My bf does not post anything about our relationship on social media
My girlfriend [26F] really stresses me [37M] sometimes and it's hard to talk to her about.
Long Distance Love
Girlfriend (30F) is considering breaking up because of my shitty attitude (28M)
My boyfriend never wants to have sex.
My bf never wants to have sex with me.
Girlfriend (30F) has had enough of my (28M) shitty attitude
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text=Paste your submission here. Be sure to explain in detail with line breaks. --- **tl;dr**: Mandatory summary/question!
He (30m) has every quality I (28f) need, there's just no attraction on my end
Boyfriend broke up with me because it was something he needed to do mentally. What now? Has anyone been in this position?
Girlfriend (F30) has had enough of me (M28) advise on next steps...
My husband wants to sleep in different rooms, is that a bad sign?
My boyfriend (m23) wants a 3 way relationship with me (f21) and another woman (f24)
I keep having dreams of breaking up with my boyfriend
Husband(21M) is beginning to feel distant and disinterested in me(21F).
Boyfriend has been ignoring me for days after our heated argument.. what should I do??
My(21F) Husband(21M) makes me feel undesired?
I’m (26F) afraid my future husband (25M) doesn’t really want to be with me
Should I (23F) tell my boyfriend (24M) that I think I’m bi?
Confessing to a Friend
How do I(18F) tell my mother (45F) that I don't want to participate in their religion?
How Do I Confess?
Do I come clean about White lies?
How do I (18F) tell my mother (45F) that I'm not interested in participating in their religion?
My boyfriend [21m] watches porn and I [21f] feel uncomfortable about it.
Should I (23F) tell my boyfriend (24M) that I think I’m bi?
Boyfriend has been ignoring me for days after our heated argument.. what should I do??
Help me :(
I (F21) don't know how to feel about having sex with my boyfriend (M22).
I (18M) Am Refusing to Date and/or Get Into Relationships, Should I Reconsider?
Ex girlfriend’s best friend tries to follow me on Instagram?
Ex girlfriends best friend tries to follow me on Instagram?
My boyfriend [21m] watches porn and I [21f] feel uncomfortable about it.
What makes you want to chat somebody else?
my friends hate my girl
My girlfriend [20F] and I [20M] have different boundaries in regards to posting too revealing pictures in social media
I [27F] didn't cheat on my boyfriend[27M], But I don't believe it.
Should I initiate dirty talk texts with her myself? (23M) (22F)
Does this fool like me back or not?
Thinking Of Suicide (Need Advice)
Am I (F24) being too childish about sex?
I(20F) am really frustrated with my gf (19F)
Relationship problem
It feels impossible for me (21 m) to give affection
Do I believe in fairy tales?
Scouting out new friends in medical school
Living with an ex who you’ve only been split with for 4 days..how do you coexist?
My girlfriend's medication is tearing us apart
How to get through having to live with your now ex?
GF (25/f) just told me (27/m) she's down to do porn with me? How should I feel?
BF's (35) mom moves in to his house while she looks for a new house. She's not eager to leave.
I [F25] feel like i need to do more to entertain my bf [M28] during this global shutdown.
I [21F] am no longer attracted to my boyfriend [21M] of 1.5 years
I told my female cousin I had a crush on her and now I feel she’s avoiding me.
Mid 20s couple Nervous about big move to NYC that could impact our relationship and careers ?
Why did my ex ghost me?
BF (35) of 4 months had his mom (60's) move in while she looks for a new home. It's been 3 months now and there's been no eagerness to find a place from her end. Its starting to affect our relationship. What should I do?
My (21M) ex-girlfriend (20F) is asking that I pay her back for something she helped me out with while we were together.
My(f, 24) mom(f,49) disowned me for not supporting her desire to move my little brother across the country, separating him from his siblings and father.
Struggling with the lack of intimacy with my wife and need advice
(35 F) Dated a partner in and off for a year bc FWB status. He was my person, he didn’t want to commit. Fell in lurvvv...now what...
I (18F) don't think my boyfriend (18M) finds my body attractive.
Disgusting chewer
Everytime I(16M) tell my friends I don’t want to play they spam me...
need advice about open relationship
(35F) Dated a man off and on for a year FWB status. Fell in lurv...of course...
I [21M] am very lonely, but I'm shy and nerdy and can't really get a girlfriend
I (25f) found a crazy picture on my bf (29m) computer
Is is possible to take a break and still have hope for the relationship
My Mom [52F] told me [16M] that when I go to college I should try to meet people other than my current girlfriend [18F]
Crush on an emotionally unavailable girl
I (22M) am unsure how to tell my gf (20F) that I don't want children
Struggling over lack of intimacy with my wife and need advice.
I (19)F am afraid I may be losing attraction to my boyfriend (19) M
My Mom [52F] told me [16M] that when I go to college I should try to meet people other than my current girlfriend [18F]
I (22M) am unsure how to tell my gf (20F) that I don't think I want kids in the future
An ex-friend (suspected narc) texted me after 2 years of NC, and I don’t know what I should do.
I have a crush on a girl but I'm not sure what to do, even though she says she's into me
My fiance has low libido
Married but sleep in different beds
At what point do you decide to completely end a friendship?
I’m afraid I may be losing attraction to my boyfriend
I used to be a cam girl, do I tell my boyfriend?
At what age and how long were you with your partner before moving in together?
Toxic? F18
Used Tinder Passport to see if my long-distance (ex) bf [25] was already over me
I think my M (22) boyfriend is embarrassed of me F(21) because I’m Mexican
Does this man love me, or is it the end of the end?
Does my (19f) boyfriend (21m) resent me for lying about my past or am I being paranoid
Toxic? F18
I (F, 24) am worried that me and my boyfriend (M, 24) have become complacent and are no longer in love. How to know when to end it?
I feel stuck.
Toxic?
My (20f) bf’s mom hates me and thinks I’m “too weird”
How to deal with threats in relationships.??? I'm (22f) hes (22m) TL
My (F17) boyfriend (M16) did me so dirty
She has destroyed me
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] is still friendly with a girl he had a crush on
Used Tinder Passport to see if my long-distance (ex) bf [25] was already over me
My boyfriend did me so dirty
I (F, 24) am worried that me and my boyfriend (M, 24) have become complacent and are no longer in how. How to know when to end it?
I'm [25M] pretty sure my girlfriend[25F] is still into her ex. Advice on how to proceed?
When to disclose STDs?
Keeping interest with a girl? Why is it so hard?
Keeping interest so hard during Corona?
When to disclose STDs?
I am an elementary school teacher who has a massive crush on another teacher at my school. What should I do?
Hard times test relationships
She has destroyed me
(18m) Would it be weird to message my best friend (18f) from the 3rd grade on Instagram?
Am I his type? M (30) F(29)
Idk how I'm supposed to date when I'm always rejected or passed up for some else
My dad (46m) has been emotionally toxic to my mom (49f). What can I(19f) do?
Used Tinder passport to see if my long-distance (ex) bf (25) was already over me
I am an elementary school teacher who has a massive crush on another teacher at my school.
Am I his type? M[30] F[29]
My (20f) bf’s mom thinks I’m “strange” and doesn’t like me
Am I his type?
I (f 18) Semi-cheated on my boyfriend (m 18)and broke up with him, but he wants to get back together. His family hates me now though.
I am suddenly upset about a breakup from 8 months ago.
My gf threatened to tell my mom i sell drugs
AITA for telling my (F) crush (F) to break up with her girlfriend?
What to say when someone says in chat “Ok sorry”
My so-called ex (M25) texted me last night (F23)
My [22F] partner [24M] is treating me more like a girlfriend than a best friend when we discussed keeping our friendship first. What do I do?
How do i stop being anxious about my relationship?
Is sleeping in different beds that much of a dealbreaker?
I Semi-cheated on my boyfriend and broke up with him, but he wants to get back together. His family hates me now though.
Why did she cheat?
How do I stop being so anxious about my relationship?
I(26M) want to text my now married ex(27f) to wish her well during this pandemic
I’m a 19yo mom in a shitty relationship.
Why did she cheat?
see gf during pandemic
Are you spending time apart from your SO during this quarantine?
Is his anger an admission of guilt?
Girlfriend tends to start arguments over the same topics everyday
[30 f] Together for 10 yrs but was left with 2 kids [8yr old f] [3 month old m] because I got nose piercings. My youngest birthday is coming up, should I invite him?
Are you spending time apart from your SO during this quarantine?
My mom used to be violently homophobic to me as a kid and I can't seem to let it go
Do you think his anger is admission of guilt?
Am I [21F] stupid trying to keep us together [21M]?
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
I am 26 and have been in a relationship for 13 years.
29(M) got cut off by 25(M) best mate :(
I(23/M) blocked one of my best friend(20/F) because I feel like I'm developing a feeling for her.
My (20F) mom (53F) wants me to be sympathetic to her, but she isn’t very sympathetic to me a lot of the time.
[34F] called out my bf [33M] on double standards and it didn't go well.
I(23 M) blocked one of my best friend(19 F) because I feel like I'm developing a feeling for her
My (20F) mom (53F) wants me to be sympathetic to her, but she isn’t very sympathetic to me a lot of the time.
I (17m) wanna ask this girl (18f) out but there’s a quarantine.
My mom used to very homophobic and I never got over it
Gf [F23] and I [M23] broke up after 3 years
Think I might have scared her off?
Found underwear in my closet
Left with 2 kids (one is a 3 month old) because I got nose piercings. My youngest birthday is coming up, should I invite him?
I am 26 and have been in a relationship for 13 years.
Think I might have scared her off?
is virginity a turnoff?
S/o (21 M) won’t go down on me (21 F) and has never made me cum (long sorry!)
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
Think I might have scared her off?
I wanna ask this girl out but there’s a quarantine.
I wanna ask this girl out but there’s a quarantine.
I (28F) have a crush on a friend (30M). I'm married (28M).
GF all of a sudden upset that im busy...
I (19F) am struggling to trust my BF (20M)
What to do if you think your boyfriend (M22) of 3 years may be cheating on you
Should I (23f) friendzone him (22m), and how?
Questioning my sanity?
Questioning my sanity at this point.
I just don't get it with this girl
How to handle a Joker that likes me. [Me (18F) and my closest online friend (21M)]
Me [25 M] would like to ask out [23 F] soon to be ex-colleague during Corona instead of waiting until it passes.
Looking for a post
How to handle a Joker that likes me. [Me (18F) and my closest online friend (21M)]
Looking for a post
I (FTM17) have recently begun reconnecting with my bio mom and I'm nervous about it
I need help ladies and gents
I (19F) am struggling to trust my BF (20M)
How do I [25F] bring up the issues I'm having in my relationship with [25M] to fix things, not break up?
19 M really really conflicted looking for advice on if I should reach out to this girl that I really like or not. This is gonna be long but would appreciate advice because I don't have anyone else to ask for help.
27f boyfriend ofn9 months 33m fighting over fb status
How do I [25F] tell my partner [25M] some issues I'm having with our relationship WITHOUT coming across like I want to end it?
I (21M) and being asked by my mom (50sF) to leave my job to prevent me from bringing home the C virus.
27f fighting with boyfriend 33m over fb status
I (20F) have a crush on my TA (late 20sM)
May lose my relationship because of my work
My (24M) cousin (16M) has punched my uncle and placed him in ER.
Boyfriend is OBSESSED with politics
my friend is confusing
Confused on status.....27f bf 33m together 9 months
Why?
I (16M) like a guy who's depressed... and more about this complicated relationship
Are my feelings invalid? (27f with bf who's 33M) together 9 months fighting over fb status...
I'm(24M) wanting to breakup with girlfriend(36F) of two years.
Conflicted as to whether or not I should tell my friend he's the reason I'm upset
How do I stop my urges to text her? [M21]
I (27f) want it on facebook and my boyfriend (33M) of 9 months dont, are my feelings invalid?
Me [25M] with my girlfriend [27F] of 18 months, break-up advice
Should I reach out after breaking it off?
27F boyfriend 33M. Been together 9 months fighting over fb
Should I check on him after breaking it off?
I don't know how to make my bf (24m) understand my needs as a significant other (20f)
I [26F] am having trouble with high sex drive, while my husband [25M] is struggling with low sex drive, and I have no proper outlet
(27f) bf (33) fighting over fb
29(M) got cut off from 25 (M) best mate drug addicted friend
I (23F) want to fart freely in front of my FWBs
My husband is flirting with my friend
I (F26) am married (M25), but I have trouble controlling my sex drive
Am I being a bitch?
I (23M) matched on Tinder with somebody (22F) I used to know in middle school, wondering if it would be weird to add them on Facebook?
Girlfriend does not prioritize me like she used to.
Dealing with indecisive eater [27F]
What does it mean to be an “us”?
Ex best friend stuck in a possible abusive and manipulative relationship
Ex best friend possibly stuck in an abusive, manipulative relationship
There is a girl im crazy about (we are both 19yo) and apparently she really likes me but im so anxious
Was treated like shit for so long I thought I was in love.
I (F26) have trouble controlling my sex drive
He (31M) made a fake profile to stalk me (30F) and now it's over....
He (31 M) made a fake profile to stalk me (30F) and now it's over....
My(19F) male friend is lying to me for no reason and acting strange (romantic/friendship)
I (26M) want to move out in spite of loving my girlfriend (25F) because of her sibling
Am I wrong?
A girl (23F) I (26M) was seeing casually slept with a friend of mine (25M) - do I have a right to be angry?
Coronavirus & configuring my long term relationship
How to break up with someone who threatens self harm if I end the relationship
My (F21) BF (M29) is upset that I asked for a open relationship and it's causing issues
I (26M) want to move out in spite of still loving my girlfriend (25F) because of her sibling
I (25F) can't tell if I genuinely want an open relationship or if I haven't been with the right people
Lockdown Dating
My (18F) roommate (19F) keeps flirting with me in Animal Crossing and I don’t know how to feel
Do I text him back three months later...
How to break up with someone who threatens self harm and being to emotional to take care of her children if I go through with it
my gf's (20f) homophobic parents and our LDR (19f)
Should I tell my bf I’m pregnant?
Gave advice years ago with a friend and his gf, now its biting me in the butt, help
A girl (23F) I (26M) was seeing casually slept with a friend of mine (25M) - do I have a right to be angry?
How can I (23M) make it easier for girl (23F) I'm dating to open up?
my gf's (20f) homophobic parents and our LDR (19f)
I (21F) was going to start dating my friend Mark (19M) right as the pandemic happened, should we go back to being friends?
[27F] I need advice with my long-distance eye-wandering boyfriend [28M]
Do I (21F) text back my friend/old fwb after an old fight if I miss our friendship?
Move on or Forgive? Toxic Father (M52) who caused me (M21) much pain growing up?
I [16 M] want other experiences with other people in the future. My girlfriend [16 F] does not want that at all.
Anyone succeed in reconciliation? If so how?
Trying to decide if I (23m) should tell the girl (24f) I like, that I like her (and maybe over text)?
Me [00 M/F/N] with my ___ [00 M/F/N] duration, short-description
Ok so he broke up with me a week ago cause he has much going on in his life, should I text him to ask him if everything is ok. I just wanna check up on him, cause you never know
How do I help my depressed husband if he swears he’s not depressed??
How To Find a Faithful Freak
He went on tinder the day after we broke up
I (25F) get angry when other people are vulnerable. How can I stop this?
Tinder right after break up
So I’m [24F] and been dating my bf for 3 years now but the problem is my mom.
My (M19) Mother (F61) and Father (M73) got rid of my childhood pets. How can I continue a relationship with them?
Dealing with racist family
My (19m) Girlfriend (19m) wants to take a break because of COVID-19 Quarantine
Other people's vulnerability makes me angry. How can I stop that?
Remembered that I [22F] was happy before him [25M], so I can be happy now, after him.
Long distance relationship with my bf i don’t know what to do ://
How do I tell my boyfriend I want to get married... now, without sounding irrational?
My (23M) good friend (21F) ghosted me out of nowhere last week.
So I’m. 23!african girl living with my parent and I’m dating me a man for 3 years now and here is my situation
How do I tell my boyfriend I want to get married... now, without sounding irrational?
How do I [20F] tell my roommate [20F] politely to move out?
Hey y’all
How do I [20F] politely ask my roommate to move out [20F]?
Is the relationship with my Father Toxic? Is it Healthy? (M 21, M 50)
My mom is going through a divorce
My boyfriend (21M) just told me he thinks he cheated on me (20F) 4 months ago but doesn’t remember because he was really drunk and high
Anyone succeed in reconciliation? And how did you do it?
How I got out of my toxic and abusive relationship - a story of victory and advice
"Impossible" loving relationships couples, what's your story?
What is something new and positive you learned about your S/O while being quarantined together?
I [18f] cheated on and manipulated my now-ex boyfriend [23m] for months.
I [18f] cheated on my now-ex boyfriend [23m] for months.
Grandparents are mentally unwell. Where do I take them to get help when nursing homes aren't safe?
I [18f] cheated on my now-ex boyfriend [23m] for months
My best friend [19F] is massively overbearing when it comes to my [18F] accomplishments & S/O
Terrible morning...
Best friend [19F] is massively overbearing when it comes to my [18F] accomplishments & S/O
Is the relationship with my Father Toxic? Is it Healthy? (M 21, M 50)
Such a terrible day...
Is it a big deal if he(25) does what he wants and so do I(24) on Reddit
New girlfriend believes she’s not good enough for me, help
My boyfriend is talking to my toxic ex boyfriend and it’s really triggering me
Was I Too Harsh in Calling Out my Friend?
Why would a woman(22F) pursue me (27M) but not use my number?
Should I block her or keep her as friend???? Myself male (26 years), Ex-G.F(24 years), present G.F (24 years), relationship with EX ( 2 years)
Do I text him after a fight 3 months later
I (23,M) keep hearing the Line of Duty theme song when I kiss my girlfriend (29,F) and it is ruining my relationship
Grandparents are mentally unwell. Where do I take them to get help when nursing homes aren't safe due to Corona Virus?
How do i (17F) ask my boyfriend (17M) to use a condom?
My ex-boyfriend [26, M] is a pathalogical liar. I [25, F] don't know what to do about his recent lie, because it's a sensitive topic.
I kissed my (23,M) girlfriend (26,F) while humming the Line of Duty theme song it is ruining my relationship
My boyfriend is talking to my toxic ex boyfriend and it’s really triggering me
My (25F) Boyfriend (26M) says I am always "directing him" and it puts in him "fight or flight mode", what can I do?
Should I block her or keep her as a friend?
How do i (17F) ask my boyfriend (17M) to wear a condom?
Who's in the wrong here?
My [20 F] boyfriend [20 M] of two years won’t stop saving photos of mutual friends.
My BF has a criminal record
25M, girl [20F] blocked me because I'm a men's rights activist. I just don't get the hostility towards MRAs or why it makes us so undateable.
Something more?
Threats of suicide
I [18m] feel like I'm treating my girlfriend [18f] wrong.
Something more?
Love or obsession?
Something more?
I [31/F] am with the nicest guy ever [31M], but he just can't get his shit together
I (20F) can’t stop having doubts about my relationship with my boyfriend (21M)
Is this toxic?
I [F/21] just can’t figure out my boyfriend [M/26] of 9 months and why he behaves the way he does. Should I leave him?
I [23F] temporarily moved in with my boyfriend [27M] due to the COVID-19. We have not been having much sex.
Is this toxic?
Struggling
I have begun to notice my guy roommate is exhibiting some major mental health issues since the quarantine?
I [18m] feel like I'm treating my girlfriend [18f] wrong.
I (F) Accidentally found 6 web pages of surprising porn my husband was looking at. Should I talk to him?
My boyfriend [21/M] is ignoring me [21/F] because of isolation stress.
Drunk bf text bombing and the fall out
do I text him after a fight...like always?
My boyfriend [22m] spends more time on video games than he does on me [25f]
I (20F) can’t stop having doubts about my relationship with my boyfriend (21M)
My (M19) Parents are pushing me to go to college without a career plan.
I (21f) love watching romantic movies but somehow couldn’t manage to have a girlfriend yet.
Me(27F) Is it time to make a decision about my boyfriend (25M)
Can I (27m) ask my girlfriend (26f) to take her makeup off before sex?
I'm (23M) worried of post breakup depression
My boyfriend (24M) and I (23F) have different standards of hygiene and it is causing me a lot of problems.
Do I (21F) text my friend (ex friend and ex FWB 25M) after an argument...again
My ex (F31) isn't interested in speaking to me (M39) - she broke up, she wanted to be friends. How to act?
Should I send this letter to my ex?
Am I overreacting?
How do I (32NB) get my housemate (29F) to stop being passive aggressive during quarantine so that I do not murder them
Insecure about my [m21] girlfriend's[f20] equation with her best friend.
Friend, of 1 year, (F21) I (M23) dated ended our friendship abruptly and won't talk to me.
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) has a much lower standard of hygiene than I do and it is causing problems.
Is it selfish if I (29M) don't want to commit a whole weekend to time with my partner's (30F) family?
Should I send this letter to my ex?
My housemates are making me [28F] pay bills whilst I'm stuck overseas
My Boyfriend Likes Girls Opposite of Me...
Why do women generally always win the break-up?
My housemates are making me [28F] pay bills whilst I'm stuck overseas
My boyfriend and I had a fight and I feel like he really tore into me [29F, 39M]
Husband watches inappropriate shows while kids are in same room, am I overreacting?
Boyfriend [28M] never finished me [22F] off during sex. What should I do?
Do I text a friend after a fight...again
“UPDATE” Help me settle a debate between me(34F) and my BF(29M) How many couples have this issue?
Is it weird that my ex's sister and mom both added me on Facebook?
4ffvrcrg
Should I[20f] tell my bf[42m] that I don't like him following so many cam girls?
I [34 M] feel like my family doesn't really need me anymore.
love watching romantic movies but somehow didn’t have a girlfriend so far...
How do I [20f] tell me bf [42m] that I dont like him following cam girls
Boyfriend [28M] never finishes me [22F] off during sex. What should I do?
My girlfriend (22f) might break up with me (23m) because my roommate won't let her come over.
Social distancing
Do I [27F] owe my avoidant, emotionally unavailable ex [32M] of 5 years closure?
Friend never opened my Christmas gift. Am I overreacting for being upset?
My girlfriend (22f) might break up with me (23m) because my roommate won't let her come over.
My (22) Mother (46) Won't Stop Stealing My Identity
I (F,24) feel insecure about my more experienced partner (M,25)
How to approach changing my [21M] brothers [18M] way of interacting with my sister [6F] that is enabling her negative behaviors?
Date night ideas amid the crisis (21m, 21f)
It’s been about a year since my girlfriend (19f) was sexually assaulted by my (20m) “friend” and she’s falling back into a bad place, and I don’t know how to help.
We’re happy together but she’s pregnant from a failed relationship.
My [21M] brother [18M] contributes to my sister’s [6F] problem she’s had recently if talking like a baby, and generally interacts with her in a way he shouldn’t interact with a six year old. How can I bring this up to him / my mom? [45ishF]
How do I (23f) tell my friend (23m) to stop bragging about how much money he has without sounding mean?
Should I (30m) ask out my crush (33f) even though I have a muscular disease... Or should I just do her a favour and leave her alone
Date ideas amid the crisis
Parents found me using phone late at night and want to keep my phone when I go to bed
How late should my(17m) GF(17f) take a pregnancy test?
Despite the circumstances, the last week or two has really helped me [20M] get to know the girl [19F] I’ve had a thing for
Should I (30m) ask out my crush (33f) even though I have a genetic disease... or just do her the favor of leaving her alone
Dk what’s wrong with brother and don’t know what to do moving forward
I (23f) can’t handle my bf (40m) (update)
Brother is on a downward spiral and I’m losing patience to care
I’M ready to have a baby(28F); everything ELSE is wrong... depressing.
Love triangle mistake
I (23f) can’t handle my bf (40m) (Update)
Help! Wanna be Friends with Girls but feel very uncompfortable around them :(
me, (23F) tested positive for chlamydia, my (25M) partner making it complicated.
AITA for breaking up with my apathetic boyfriend if he doesn’t put more effort into our relationship?
I need to leave the loml. Encouragement Needed!
My girlfriend [26F] Broke up with me out of blue with me [27M]
I [16MtF lesbian] was on Friday night asked out by my friend [16F lesbian] who I’ve had a crush on for months, and I said yes. Quarantine is a problem.
Help! Wanna be Friends with Girls but feel very uncompfortable around them :(
I [23f] really want to openly date my FWB [30m], he is worried about the age gap.
Why are some men mean to women in their younger years and ty to get with those same women when they get older?
M(27) I can't get over when we were both single and my now GF(27 - 1y and a half) slept with someone else less than 24 hours later
How do I get the strength to leave the loml 😢
My (18)girlfriend wants us to be friends.(18M)
Women of this subreddit: are you disgusted by stretch marks on men?
Help me (24F) help my spouse (27M)
How to get the strength to leave the loml
Help me (24F) help my spouse (27M)
Who wanna up for sexting?
My (18)girlfriend wants us to be friends.(18M)
I (19m) broke up with my ex (21f) last month. We've been together for 6 months and I was wondering when the memories/sex flashbacks and pain stop?
How to get the strength to leave the loml? Immediately!
Was my (32F) boyfriend's (34M) response insensitive?
He [24 M] won’t text me but watches EVERYTHING I [23 F] do online?
Have you ever gotten back together with someone after a significant period of time? Did it work out?
My boyfriend sent “🤮” emoji to old pictures i sent him
I (f23) having difficulty not telling my boyfriend (24) I love him
Any guidance in this confusion?
Have you ever gotten back together with someone after a significant period of time? Did it work out?
Should I tell him the truth about my family?
20F: Conservative upbringing makes intimacy and relationships hard to navigate
Do I deserve it?
Any doctors/nurse out there?
My [24M] gf [22F] of 7 months wants to get engaged to appease her parents
ex unfollowed me on instagram/snapchat. what now?
I (F22) need to tell my parents about my (M38) partner and my nonmonogamy, how do I go about this?
I (f23) am having a hard time not telling my boyfriend (24) I love him.
Women of this subreddit: are you disgusted by stretch marks on men?
How Do I [26 F] Set Strong Boundaries with a Guy Friend?
Me [36 F] with my ___ [36 M] broken up for 2 years and I am just now hearing from him after 2 years
I (26F) am affraid of relationships/marriage because of my parents (MF 55)
Am I (20) wrong for wanting my boyfriend (19) to save some money to spend on me?
I (23 F) having problems with (23 M) boyfriend who’s deployed
I (22 F) am having problems with my (23 M) boyfriend who is currently deployed
My girlfriend (19F) keeps hurting me (19M). What should I do?
I [18 M] had to break up with my now-ex [18 F] and she's completely okay and I'm not
My (F/24) roommate (M/24) and his dog are driving me insane.
Having trouble forgiving myself [23f] for past toxicity
Having problems with my boyfriend who is currently deployed
My story. What can I do? I (20F), he (19M)
My story. What can I do?
We haven't had sex in months for a hormonal problem and it's affecting our relationship F(32) M(30)
I (25F) feel guilty for wanting more attention from my bf (25M)
How Do I [26 F] Set Strong Boundaries with a Guy Friend?
I [M26] am tired of my very long term relationship with my girlfriend [F23] but afraid of breaking up
I’m 29 years old & my ex-gf is 26. We almost had a kid. My ex gf started dating a new guy, a week latter. Why ?
My ex (36) male messaged me on facebook
Boyfriend [23M] tried to get his rebound pregnant while begging for me [22F] back
Boyfriend doesn't have any friends
I (25F) feel guilty for wanting attention from my bf (25M).
My[23M] girlfriend[20F] refuses to do anything public with me?
[m33] I wouldn't do it all over. (with [f28] for 6 years)
I'm [23M] is sad my[20F] girlfriend never mentions me?
What was something that you eventually had to accept about you SO?
I'm [23M] is sad my[20F] girlfriend never mentions me?
Does my [F29] partner [M27] have anger or other issues I'm missing, or is this type of frustration normal?
Am I (26F) coming on too strong with him (25M) please help!
I [M26] am tired of my very long term relationship with my girlfriend [F23] but afraid of breaking up.
Is it weird to wear jewelry gifted by an ex if I’m in a new relationship?
I wouldn't do it all over. [m33]
Am I [25/m] right in feeling absolutely humiliated with the way my father [54/m] kept asking me to lend him money?
AITA for breaking up with my apathetic boyfriend if he doesn’t put more effort into our relationship?
Casual Relationship Ex Reaching Out via Social Media
Am I [25/m] right in feeling absolutely humiliated with the way my father [54/m] kept asking me to lend him money?
Me [50's F] with my neighbor [30's F]. Do I FB reply to my sweet young neighbor who thinks COVID-19 is a left wing conspiracy?
Love or pain
How do I [15M] get my mom [45F] and my sister [17F] to stop arguing?
How do I [15M] get my mom [45F] and my sister [17F] to stop arguing?
Casual Relationship Ex Reaching Out via Social Media
Should I(21M) still pursue her(21F) and try for her to make her fall in love with me again or let her go?
My (24F) FWB (29M) is in an Open Relationship?
how do I get my mom and sister to stop fighting?
I like someone but not attracted
My (F24) FWB (M29) didn’t tell me he was in an “open” relationship?
Venting/outlet suggestions
Should I dump my friend group?
My (24F) husband’s (25M) coworker sent him a message saying she dreamt they had sex. He deleted the message. How do I deal with this?
Should I (35f) keep dating this guy (35f) who started off strong but is now giving me doubts...
My girlfriend (19F) keeps hurting me (19M)
I (24M) really want to marry my girlfriend (22F), but I want to be able to fully trust her.
Am I being unreasonable
My s/o's sleeping habits are affecting our relationship
Casual Relationship Ex Reaching Out via Social Media
I’m(23f) exhausted trying to “be there” for my boyfriend(23m).
I think my husband's boss (40s F) is flirting with him over their Zoom meetings.
My (24m) s/o's (22f) sleeping habits are affecting our relationship
Am I being unreasonable
My ex is with her ex after breaking up with me
A guy (29M) projects waaay too much about dick sizes. What to do?
[M 27] [F 23] I want to talk but she is giving the silent treatment
I (24M) really want to marry my girlfriend (22F), but I want to be able to fully trust her.
Emotional cheating turning Physical
My [23/F] boyfriend [23/M] rarely answers me
I (M/29) am in a meaningful relationship (F/28) but I no longer feel attached to her and I want to date men.
Feeling guilty about my bachelor party
WWYD? My [50sF] neighbour complained about my [25F] treadmill being too loud at 21:00, when they have EPIC screaming matches at least twice a week.
Harassment from an old friend
I cheated on gf and she left me
Me (20F) and my BF (20M) are in an on again; off again cycle and I don’t know what to do
Very confused on the actions my GF is taking. Pls advise
How do you deal with long distance relationships?
my girlfriend let her ex follow her on instagram
My SO[22F] has lost trust in me[22M] and I don't know how to go about regaining it
Me (20F) and BF (20M) broke up and then got back together and I’m not sure what I want
Harassment from an old friend
I cheated on my gf
Am I a jerk for not wanting to work from home with my bf? F(27)
Why is my Ex still following 8 months later?
I (35f) dating guy (35m). Am I overthinking this?
My [20sF] neighbors [30sF&M] upstairs don't care about quarantine, should I tattle to the property manager?
My [20sF] neighbors [30sF&M] upstairs don't care about quarantine, should I tattle to the property manager?
I [30F] am thinking about breaking up with my boyfriend [30 M] of 10 years because I think I'm "single at heart", but how do I know when I've never been single as an adult?
Why is my ex still following 8 months later?
Short survey on marriage and divorce
AITA for texting the girlfriend of a guy I (also a guy) had sex with
(22F) Confused of the intentions of (23M) I've been talking to recently
Guy (24m) ghosted me but is wearing my shirt I (23f) custom made him? Does it mean anything?
I tried to prevent my son [18M] from learning how to draw as a child, and he has not followed our house rules.
I (22f) am getting upset with my boyfriend (25) for playing mobile games
I (22f) am getting upset over my boyfriend (25) for constantly playing mobile games
Guy (24m) ghosted me. Today (23F) I saw him wearing the shirt I made for him. Does that mean anything?
I (M/29) am in a meaningful relationship (F/27) but I don't feel attracted to her anymore and I want to date men.
feeling lost and don't know what to do
My (20NB) boyfriend (21M) has huge trouble accessing his emotions. Is there anything I can do to help him?
How can I (F23) make him interested (M21) through texts?
I (F,24) feel insecure about my more experienced partner (M,25)
How to keep him interested?
Crazy Relationship Stories
I (M/29) am in a relationship with a great person (F/28), but I am having feelings about wanting to be with men.
My (26m) coworker (26f) broke it off. Should I ask why?
Routin-izing everything and a lack of understanding of the word "love" is ruining my relationships. How can I start changing?
Looking for Crazy Relationship Stories
I'm (18M) constantly trying but i just can't get over a breakup. I've never felt that devastated and upset in my life.
How do I (F26) politely ask my friend (M28) to not post pictures of me without permission?
How do you guys handle such strong feelings when a relationship begins?!
My (23m) partner (26f) of 2 years said our relationship meant nothing
Lack of Sex
Is my friend gay?
My (24m) partner (27f) of a year said our relationship meant nothing
Is my friend gay?
How to handle a stubborn and rude bf during a quarantine?
How can I handle my stubborn bf during this quarantine?
Do You Think My Fiance Cheated? (23F, 25M)
Is my friend gay?
Bf(36) of almost 2 yrs, keeps wall between friend(f/34) and me(gf/37)
My (26F) brother (37M) is quarantined at my house and he is ruining my relationship with my husband (45M)
Can I forgive my girlfriend's one-night stand just before we were together...
I(22M) can't communicate healthily with my GF(18F)
I am falling for a married coworker...M [28] F [30]
Lack of Sex
Worried my husband’s memory is declining. How do I even start this conversation with him?
Can I forgive my girlfriend's one-night stand just before we were together...
Worried my husband’s memory is declining. How do I even start this conversation with him?
I (35M) feel like new dynamics with others are causing my anxiety and depression to return. What can I do?
The level of his [31/M] betrayal, is warping my mind [25/F]. Did I overreact?
I [24 M] am having a hard time trusting my gf [24 F] and it’s causing me a ton of anxiety
I knew my now boyfriend (male 19) ex girlfriends (female 18)
I knew my Now boyfriends ex. Is that weird?
Routin-izing everything and a lack of understanding of the word "love" is ruining my relationships. How can I start changing?
36 Questions Designed To Help You Fall In Love With Anyone
1 I (22M) am being unreasonnable for not wanting to see my family because of Coronavirus ?
Bf broke up with and i truly don't know why?
My (26F) brother (37M) is quarantined at my house and he is ruining my relationship with my husband (45M)
I (F18) can’t seem to move on from the friendship my boyfriend (M21) had with a female coworker
My ex believes I did him wrong
Should I tell my boyfriend?
Should I tell my boyfriend what happened?
I (22M) am being unreasonnable for not wanting to see my family because of Coronavirus ?
Boyfriend [23M] seems to want to see men [23F] during shutdown, but I don't want to get sick
I (19m) think of trans girls when I had sex with my sister (20f) years ago but still I feel sorry
Can No Longer Attend Friends Wedding and Don't Know How to Tell Her
Bad Decisions
Wife (40F) has gained a little weight during quarantine and is taking it out on the rest of us (43M, 16M, 13F)
My boyfriend's [27m] friend/roommate [26m] doesn't like me [25f], and I'm considering ending my relationship over it
My (F21) boyfriend (M21) of almost 3 years consistently ignores me and uses the silent treatment if we get into a disagreement
My mom (53f) is my making (21f) insecure about my relationship
Advice wanted: Gf (25) sent a text to a friend (m26) that she had a sex dream about him
My [30F] boyfriend [31M] involves his parents in almost every decision and thought process and it annoys me.
Gf (25) sent a text to a friend (m26) that she had a sex dream about him
Wife (40f) has put on few quarantine pounds and is taking it out on the rest of us (43M, 16M, 13F)
Gf (25) sent a text to a friend (m26) that she had a sex dream about him
Why does someone block/do no contact with their ex?
Me [30 F] with my gaming buddy [24 M] of 3 months. Why is he suddenly being so mean to me?
Just need to vent
Getting back with my ex.
I (25F) am having constant intimate dreams about men who are not my husband (25M)
What are the most common ways guys give a slightly slobbery kiss accidentally without realizing? Should he periodically swallow everything if he thinks it might happen/how should he go about dealing with it?
I slept with my (21F) landlord (35-40M?) once, mistakenly led him on and now he is expecting more. Help...
Guy way out of my league is interested in me, and I’m really scared
My boyfriend (22M) gets mad when I (23F) hang out with my friends??
A short survey about marriage and divorce
I (M24) have developed a toxic relationship with my soulmate (F24)
A uniquely terrible situation
I've never used reddit...and I'd like to ask something, but I cant get it to post. Can I get some help please?
Just realised I have really severe trust issues with my friends and I’m not sure what to do about it
Men who are fit, what are your thoughts about chubby or overweight women?
A uniquely terrible situation
I just realised I have really severe trust issues with my friends and I’m not sure what to do about it
I [19m] dont know if I should stay with my [19f] fiance
I (25f) want to move in with my bf (26m) this summer
A note to my past
My (23F) BF (25M) is too flirty with his coworker (26F)
Not meeting GF[20] [Me 20] in quarantine
I (f25) sometimes feel good when I’m passive aggressive towards my bf (m27)
My( 23M) Girlfriend(22F) doesn't seem to like to go out with just me
Family Advice needed
Men who are fit, how do you feel about having a chubby or overweight woman?
Sometimes being passive aggressive makes me feel vindicated with my BF
I (F28) don't feel desired by my 3 month boyfriend (M28)
My [35M] with my gf [33F] of 6 months. She sometimes doesn't respond or reach out but I can see her active on social media.
every emotional person is overthinker?
I (24F) am feeling a little insecure because my (28M) boyfriend can't really get hard
My mother[40F] and stepfather [45M] act as if I[22F] don't exist
I (23M) am trying to get back with my ex (25F) after a break up. Nobody wants me to get back with her.
Any creative ideas on what to do for a 4 year anniversary spent in isolation with my SO?
I (28F) am gaslighted by my BF (29M)
Crush used to show interest, but doesn't anymore
Crush used to show interest, but doesn't anymore
help me ask out my crush
Any ideas on what to do for a 4 year anniversary spent in self-isolation?
Women of this subreddit: would you reject a man because he has a lot of stretch marks?
My mom's (F43) doctor thinks she has COPD or asthma, should I (F20) stay with my boyfriend (M21) and his parents (MF50s) while I am working to prevent getting her sick?
My ex broke up with me because I was toxic
My crush showed interest now doesn’t.
Girlfriend got mad at me that my sister hasn’t added her on social media?
Me (37f) and my family (mom 58f and sister 32f) are trying to avoid calling CPS on my littlest sister (30f). I am looking for other options to bring to the table.
I (19F) don’t know what to do about my boyfriend (19F) who won’t engage in sexy stuff with me online
CANT LET GO OF EX's NUDES.
POST BREAKUP: SAVED NUDES ON SNAPCHAT!!!
My (19F) libido is mismatched with my boyfriend’s (19F)
Should I (F25) break up with my bf (M26) who, I think, doesn't give me enough consideration?
How do you manage to stay close with family when you move away from them?
I (26/F) am moving for a job, S.O.(28/M) is coming in 2 months. How to transition to LDR?
How do you manage to keep close in contact with family when you move away from them?
What to do to stop yourself from hating yourself for being weak?
Near loved ones during lockdown? Please appreciate how blessed you are.
Should I break up wth my boyfriend who, I think, doesn't show me enough consideration?
Why does my (F24) Crush (M25) follow-unfollow-follow me on IG 3 times?
Should I pursue a career path that might make my family suffer?
Do you guys believe in the concept 'right person, wrong time?' (16f, older m)
My (24F) crush (25M) keeps following - unfollowing me on IG
Should I pursue a career path that actively makes my family suffer?
Why is my boss doing this?
Do you guys believe in the concept 'right person, wrong time?'
How can I reconcile my family and a very specific career path that they do not approve?
My friends think I [26M] should ask out my crush[23F], but she is now friends with my ex[25F].
I'm (26M) having a hard time understanding if breaking up was the right choice.
I [19F] am jealous of my boyfriends[21M] female friends
I'm (26M) having a hard time with understanding if my breakup was the right choice.
Sick of being alone
Is her 'number' a problem ?
Close friend's (25M) sketchiness is showing
Girl I've been talking to for almost a year doesn't follow me on social media. Am I overthinking?
Repost: What can I, (38F) do to help my sister (36F) while we are grieving the loss of my dad---she is in strict isolation due to being immunocompromised?
Is my bf strange of does he just not care that much?
My (23M) gf(22) just broke with me because of the quarantine
What can I (38F) do to support and help my sister (34F) while we are grieving the loss of our dad and she's in isolation due to being immunocompromised?
Boyfriend (33M) of 4 months accuses me (30F) of nymphomania
I've been talking to this girl for almost a year, and she doesn't follow me on social media. Is it weird that I care about this?
(21M) my girlfriend break with me when i asked her if she's virgin but way more rude. Please Help !!!
Sudden rejection on my sexual advances
Desperately need advice on if he (26M) wants a relationship with me (25F)
Is it out of bounds for me [26M] to date one of my ex's [25F] friends [23F]?
Old friend is making me feel a lil uneasy
Is my boyfriend strange or does he just not care that much?
21M
Bipolar
Me [30F] with my Fiance [29 M] 4 yrs, Fighting and communicating badly, how can we get better?
Is my [19F] hookup [31M] actually attracted to me?
I Seek Guidance
Does my friend (25M) think I'm (22F) all for sex?
Post-Argument
How do I move past this moment?
My boyfriends family said I look like a character from the TV show Ozark. I think she’s ugly. Would you take this as a compliment?
Boyfriend doesn’t want to have sex. At all.
I (F28) have given up on my self entitled sister (F26) but I am worried my mom is angry at me. How can I mediate this situation ?
Should I try to forgive my boyfriend?
I [24F] can't move past my first love [23M] even though it's been half a decade. Any advice?
Ex Boyfriend Sends Me A Letter, Asking For Forgiveness
(21M) my girlfriend (20F) break up with me when i asked her if she's virgin but way more rude..please help.
I [24F] can't move past my first love [23M] and it's been 5 years. Any advice?
The oil painting made by my BF's ex-GF is now in my home.
I pulled a gun on my ex wife and now she’s contacting ne
How do we go back
Brother in law abused me while he was engaged with my sister
I [24F] can't move past my first love [23M] and it's been 5 years. I've tried everything. Help?
The oil painting made by my BF's ex-GF is now in my home.
As a guy, all I want is a cute, caring girlfriend.
me and my gf (both 16/f) have mental issues and i dont know what to do anymore
(21M) my girlfriend (20F) break up with me when i asked her if she's virgin but.. in a rude way.. need help!!
me and my gf (both 16/f) have mental issues and i dont know what to do anymore
My Boyfriends family said I look like someone on a TV show they watch. I think that person is ugly
The ex wants to get back together, but all my family and friends now disapprove of him
Playing with fire seeing two guys
UPDATE: Depressed friend [45F] is emotionally draining me [35F]
How to overcome trust issues? And stop being jealous?
How to overcome trust issues? Or stop being jealous?
I (26M) trying to become friends with old fling (24F). How can I turn a painful past romance into a lasting platonic friendship now?
I [F 20] feel too emotional for my boyfriend [M 25]
I (26M) trying to become friends again with old fling (24F). Can we become friends after everything?
I [F 20] feel like I don't connect emotionally with my boyfriend [M 25]
Am I [30M], in the wrong relationship with my gf? [30F]
My boyfriend still has picture of his ex on Instagram.
I [19F] am jealous of my boyfriends[21M] female friends
Free.
UPDATE: Depressed friend [45F] is emotionally draining me [35F]
Me [20F] and my best friend [20F] confessed to each other and proceeded to do nothing about it.
I have no where to go if we break up and I pay half the rent!
Is my (29/F) being around my ex (26/F) stopping me from moving on, and should I remove myself from the shared group chat?
A failing open relationship... Can you commit if you're not sure?
My (19AFAB) boyfriend (20M) and I keep getting into political debates that end terribly and idk what to do
I (25f) get upset whenever my boyfriend (25m) is angry, not sure how to cope
Colour Your Nights With Kolkata Call Girls By Your Side - Kolkata - Oklute
Not sure if I want to keep my 10yr bff
UPDATE: Depressed friend [45F] is emotionally draining me [35F]
My grandmother [f/75] passed away recently and I want her to be my guardian angel and watch over me [m/23] but i also don't want her to see me naked or please myself
I (18M) broke my girlfriend's trust, and I'm not sure exactly how to rebuild it or earn it back.
One of my (30/F) boyfriend's (29/M) roommates (29/M) doesn't seem to give us any privacy.
Ex-partner and broke up recently, we have 3 kids together. How do I go about things contact wise?
I [30M] am emotionally inconsistent with my girlfriend [26F]. How can I resolve this? How do we move forward?
Did I (19F) cut this off too fast?
I think my partner will fall in love with my best friend.
Recently broken up with children's father - how should I go about things, contacting wise?
[18M] I saw my ex[F22] opened my DM in insta and it spiked my heart rate
M[18] I saw an ex's[F22] old chat I had forgotten to delete, and noticed she sent me something, spiking my heartrate.
What does it mean if a guy on a dating app only messages twice a week?
What does it mean if a guy on a dating app only messages twice a week?
2nd place
I(28F) am unsure of my current role in his(25M) life.
mistakes people make in relationships
Mistakes most people make in relationships
Break ups can be hard!
I think my partner will fall in love with my best friend
is there someone who I can ask about my relationship and how it really destroyed my mental health ?
Those who have found there SO over the age of 25 how did you cope with being a good significant other?
Those who have found there SO over the age of 25 how did you cope with being a good significant other?
My (25f) boyfriend (28m) called another woman beautiful after she sent him a selfie.
What did you think when you first saw your partner?
I can't tolerate my husband's music
My (25F) ex (25M) said he would consider getting back with his ex if we were to break up.
Do exs really come back?
My (F20) boyfriend (26M) made me feel gross
My [21M] GF [22F] suddenly questions our 7 year relationship
My boyfriend (21M) has gained weight, but it's not as simple as just losing it. I (22M) feel extremely guilty for no longer feeling physically attracted to him.
My boyfriend (21M) has gained weight, but it's not as simple as just losing it. I (22M) feel extremely guilty for no longer feeling physically attracted to him.
My boyfriend has gained weight, but it's not as simple as just losing it.
I [F 24] cheated on my boyfriend [m 25] early in our relationship. What would you do?
I [F 24] cheated three years ago [M 25] and I don't know what to do
From Something to Nothing.
I am very ashamed of what I did, but I need a way to reconcile. F24, M26
My(m21) bf(m21) wants to download Grindr when abroad
I [26M] have been having issues with my [26F] GF for nearly a year, causing me to experience depression, form a lot of resentment towards her which stops me from feeling intimate with her and now I’m stuck in lockdown for 12 weeks which is making it worse. Can anyone give me some advice?
Im [22f] uncomfortable in my relationship with my [23m] boyfriend after finding lolicon porn archive on his computer
Over two months ago, I (36F) slept with my ex-boyfriend's brother (37M). My ex just found out and is very upset. Am I really in the wrong?
23M back to texting ex (26M) - gauging interest, not sure how to approach
My bf wants to go on Grindr
Keeping my extroverted partner entertained during lockdown...?
Crisis
Partner with a sex doll?
Partner with a sex doll?
Partner with a sex doll?
I [21/M] am going to graduate college and my girlfriend [18/F] of 2 months is a Freshman. Should we break up now?
[M] Back to texting ex. How should I approach it?
I realized today how much the little things do mean!
I realized how much the little things do mean today
I'm in love with somebody and I need to get over him
Was I [21 [F] Wrong for Calling my Little Brother [11 M] Length: Forever, Disrespectful
Sorta in love. Don't want to be. Very sad... Idk.. help?
I was the rebound girl...but does my ex still miss me?
How can I ensure that my daughter(34F) is alright?
I [18F] went to college out of state because my now ex boyfriend slept with my mom UPDATE
threeway pregnancy but also i got cheated on part 2
[M] Should I initiate conversations with my ex?
threeway pregnancy but also i got cheated on
Very confused on if guy (25M) I (26F) like is into me or not.
threeway but i also got cheated on pt 2
threeway pregnancy but also i got cheated on
I looked forward to 1 day liking someone romantically again and here we are.
Boyfriend (32m) grabbed my (28f) wrist
Is there any way you can be friend with your ex?
My Friends with Benefits? Need advice.
I was the rebound girl...but does my ex still miss me?
I (17F) still feel like a nuisance to my bf (18M) even when he says orherwise
I (17F) still feel like a nuisance to my bf (18M) even when he says otherwise.
I (26F) can’t get over my ex (34M) ghosting me?
My (23F) girlfriend lied to me (22M) and I dont know how to handle it.
How can I ensure that my daughter(34F) is fine?
My (17m) first girlfriend (25f) rubbing her scent on me before I leave to go anywhere.
U wanna know about your Patners Past?
M (18) Having extreme anxiety over pregnancy scare with GF (18)
I[f17] am fed up with my mother’s[f46] behavior
My girlfriend held me captive in her house.
Memories of Ex Girlfriends and Ex Boyfriends
Is he interested? Or making fun of me?
My girlfriend of almost a decade cheated on me, dumped me, and left me picking up the pieces. What do I do?
How do I [F27] tell my BF [M34] that I think he has a Depression?
I'm (27m) calling my gf (29f) out on small mistakes?
I (17f) want to move out when I’m 18 but I’m afraid of my mother’s (50f) reaction
Girlfriend has changed
My girlfriend is changing and idk what to do?
My SO (M25) of 6 months betrayed my (F24) trust with his ex (F24), together 1.5 years
feeling uneasy in a new relationship
Am I being way too overprotective or should I be concerned about my GF?
Feeling pretty uneasy in new relationship
Loving a bisexual man who has issues telling people he is with me. Ended it cause the brain says it is the right thing to do. But is it really? Not sure what to do anymore...
I’m (34F) not attracted to fiancé (36M) anymore
I want to ask my friend(F15) out but don't know how to get my point across(M15)
How do I [F27] tell my BF [M34] that I think he has a Depression?
He wasn't in love.
Met this guy (19) and I think we may have altered our relationship tonight.. did I make a mistake?
Should I break up?
NSFW I am frustrated with constantly fantasizing about sex
how to online date
I [26F] can't get over the "creepy" past of boyfriend [26M] of a year
My GF(20F) dumped me (21M) and i feel bad for her.
Toxic friend group I've had for years (15/16M), I (15M) don't know how much more I can take
how to online date
He's not in love with me.
I want to ask my friend out but I'm afraid he'll( say no (F15)
My wife irritates me during quarantine. A lot. What I should do?
(18M) I feel like my relationship is slowly dying with my girlfriend (18F)
Loving a bisexual and having to end it...what do I do?
I 22[F] feel uncomfortable when my [34M] boyfriend gets whiny when I don’t give him head.
my girlfriend (18f) got pregnant a curly haired baby
Been with the same person since I was 14, I'm 21 now
I [29/f] am having a hard time feeling connected to my boyfriend [32/m]
My [21F] mum moved three hours away and left me with my sister [16F]
My brother is making life at home difficult. Should we change and put up with it or does he need to change?
Almost positive the girl (24f) that I’m (27m) talking to has lost interest.
Is it bad if my bf plays video games alot?
How has lockdown brought you and your family closer together (if at all)?
Big picture relationship question regarding young couple (20M) and (19F)
Why is it expected that women are to despise their boyfriends playing video games?
My [22M] girlfriend [23F] of 3 years broke up with me. She told me we are never getting back together.
Separated due to quarantine/social distancing. Tips for managing grief and anxiety?
How can I (23M) make it easier for girl (23F) I'm dating to open up?
My dad won't stop falling for internet conspiracies and grifts
LA F(34) in a LDR with Algerian M(27) He says he'll do things for me but then says he'll do it when we see eachother in person. Do actions speak louder than words? I don't want to make a mistake and wait for the wrong person.
Tips to keep a relationship alive while being separated due to quarantine?
Any one wanna talk to me about a problem
Any on wanna have some bro talk I guess (17 m)
My BF’s affair is actually more than a simple affair
If I [F19] feel like my boyfriend is ignoring me, is it bad that after that, I ignore him too but on-purpose?
If I [F19] feel like my boyfriend is ignoring me, is it bad that after that, I ignore him too but on-purpose?
If I feel like my boyfriend is ignoring me, is it bad that after that, I ignore him too but on-purpose?
How do I (20M) tell my boyfriend (20M) that I want to have sex?
My dad won't stop falling for internet conspiracies and grifts
LA F(34) in a LDR with Algerian M(27), need advice.. Do actions speak louder than words?
My (19F) mom (46F) keeps eating all of my food without asking
I(23) am considering breaking up with my GF(24) because of her fetish
Loving a bisexual and heartbroken it has to end....what do I do now?
My boyfriend hates questions and it’s pissing me off
My boyfriend hates questions and it’s pissing me off
Do you think this is cheating?
I(19f) don’t know if I should break up with my new gf(18)
Problem
My[31m]gf[29f] keeps texting her ex
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) said he would consider getting back with his ex if we were to break up.
How do I (20M) tell my boyfriend (20M) that I want to have sex?
My wife wants drugs and alcohol or a divorce. Should I let her?
Help me please
Is it worth it? Sorry if too long
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) said he would consider getting back with his ex if we were to break up.
How to let my boyfriend (whom I live with) know that I might be a lesbian?
Is it worth it or should I let go?
Help! My (F21) boyfriend (M24) is addicted to sugar and getting chubby.
LA F(34) in a LDR with Algerian M(27), need advice.. Do actions speak louder than words?
I almost married a con artist...just days away
Should I(f19) break up with my new gf(f18)
Not sure if anyone is thinking the same, but anyone is thinking of having a baby with someone?
My long term friend has been a jerk to me
My long term friend has been a jerk
I (27M) have a kid on the way and I don't want to tell my step siblings (28F, 27F and 24M) cause they bullied me for my mom's death when we lived together.
Do you think he(m17) is a good friend?
F(34) m (27) LDR -> La to Algeria... what am I getting into?
I (23M) suddenly I start thinking about reaching girl(21F) witch I was dating 3 month ago
I (17)M had my first kiss with my girlfriend (17)F
Girl [24F] I’m [23M] dating ghosted me literally one day after telling me she wanted to stay WITH me during lockdown. (The award winning, most confusing ghost story of all time)
Im (F/24) in a new relationship with a guy (M/25) of 2 months, and we playfully swear at each other. Is this okay or normal?
Do you think he(m17) is a good friend ?
My boyfriend only compliments my looks when I wear makeup.
I [19m] don't know if I should stay with my [19f] fiance
I (17)M had my first kiss with my girlfriend (17)F
Not sure if anyone is thinking the same, but anyone is thinking of having a baby with someone?
My boyfriend only compliments me when I'm wearing makeup
I(18M) feel like my conversations or ability to talk to my partner (18F) has been harder than before
I[19F] moved back home from college and my weeaboo sister[28F] is driving me nuts
Should I (25M) try to initiate getting back together with my "ex" (32M)
I'm afraid i am more like my father than i'd like to admit.
Deciding whether to continue my relationship.
How Do I [26 F] Remain Friends With Someone I Still Have Feelings For?
I am afraid i'm more like my father than i'd like to admit i am.
Should I Stay? Or Should I Go?
Should I Stay? Or Should I Go?
My friend insists that there's nothing wrong with our friendship, yet constantly acts like something is wrong
My boyfriend only compliments my looks when I'm wearing makeup.
Should I Stay or Should I Go?
I found things that haunt me, am I being too vanilla or judgy? Potential NSFW
(19M) My girlfriend (18F)’s brother ruined our relationship
I don't know what to do
I (21F) am dating a musician (27M) pursuing his career, and I have some jealousy to work through
Should I end it and if so, how. I’m lost at this point..
(19M) My LDR girlfriend (18F)’s brother ruined our relationship.
I (21F) am dating a musician (27M) pursuing his career. I have some jealousy to work through
VERY LONG READ, CONDENSED INTO SECTIONS. I took a flight to see him overseas, will he come back? 30F, 24M
Fighting over handwashing
Why is my ex mad at me when she was the one who dumped me?
Fighting over handwashing, or are we?
What do I do..
Fighting over handwashing
I’m [f20] a toxic person and it has ruined my relationship [m20] of almost 2 years.
Ex made an Onlyfans
Boyfriend [22M] is not taking pandemic seriously, should I [22F] break up with him?
Friends or more?
Roommate [22/M] let’s his dog get mud all over the house and never cleans up
Girl (F18) used to like me (M18) until we had a fight and now I am not so sure anymore.
My [18M] crush [18F] says she misses me after we haven’t talked in about a month, should I text her?
Not Sure what to Do
My [18M] crush [18F] says she misses me after we haven’t talked in about a month, should I text her?
First Blog! Please Check it out!
Girl (F18) used to like me (M18) but then an argument happened and I am not sure if she still does.
My [25F] partner [25F] refuses to take sick days now that we're working from home
Boy advice?
???
Relationship with parents falling apart
I’m (25f) Angry at bf (25m) for being angry and distant with me
My BF [22M] is disregarding COVID, should I [22F] end it?
Relationship quote (32, Male, 1+ year)
Lockdown is stressing me out
My bfs Crazy Ex
My ex[20F] who I had been in a relationship with for a while recently got in contact with me
Relationship with parents is falling apart
My ex[20F] who I had been with for a long time recently unblocked me and started following my insta
RELATIONSHIP ADVICE MARRIAGEl
[F27] I'm losing hope in the friendship with my male best friend [M28]. Are my feelings valid?
What chance does a relationship formed because of a pregnancy have?
[F27] Losing A Lot of Hope in My Male [28] BFF
Chances a relationship formed because of a pregnancy lasts?
Best friend told me our friendship is over. How do I deal with this without being self-destructive?
Is it possible to be over sexual?[Honest] Relationship advice
Best friend told me our friendship is over. How do I deal with this without being self-destructive?
RELATIONSHIP ADVICE, Moving to new country
What's the chance that a relationship formed because of a pregnancy lasts?
Lockdown is stressing me out
Lockdown is stressing me out
My affluent Mother (60s f) emailed me (30sf) to say she wrote her will for covid-19 and she is leaving the bulk to my half brother (30s m) because most of it is from his father (not true). I just lost my job and could use $ much more than my brother. Not sure how angry I should be or how to respond
Kids, MIL and a stinky dog. Not sure how to navigate this situation
My (31F) boyfriend (33M) got a sensual body massage from an escort.
I [20F] think my bisexual boyfriend [20M] might be gay.
Relationship advice HELP**serious only**
How to help my (23M) girlfriend (23F) stop self-harming
my boyfriend’s texting is ANNOYING
My (26F) little brother (20M) spraypainted a chicken and it died
She (19 F) showed all the signs of liking me (20 M) and then said no when I asked her out. What does this mean and what should I do know?
I [20F] think my bisexual boyfriend [20M] might be gay.
How to help my (23M) girlfriend (23F) stop self harming
25M I believe you need to do this with your partner.
Sick of being alone
How to help my girlfriend stop self-harming
What do you think?
I (20M) mentally snapped finally and (20F) partner faced it. I realized what happened after and don't know what to do!
Just got my first boyfriend but am nervous and then dreamt of all my past romantic interests/crushes
I (20F) wonder to ever speak to an ex (19M) ever again down the line? Or just cut him off for good? Or did anybody ever hear from them later in life?
My (20 M) dating life seems stuck in a circle where I go nowhere. How can I change my ways now and start finding more success with girls before I end up alone forever?
What do I do If She (F) Cheats on me (M) ?
My girlfriend (19F) is thirst trapping hard on social media right now and it’s kinda annoying me. Is this normal/healthy?
My girlfriend (19F) is thirst trapping hard on social media right now and it’s kinda annoying me. Is this normal/healthy?
(26M) The husbands/boyfriends of the women who rejected and friendzoned me ruined my life. Life for me is only better if attractive women(20sF) will love me but it'll never happen cause I'm ugly so fuck my life.
Question for F's with BFs
I’m 29 years old & my ex-Gf is 26, she started dating a guy a week after her breaking up with me. I need advice
Finally in my First Relationship
My girlfriend (21F) stole a get well soon letter that was addressed to me (22M) from my close friend (22F).
Finally in my First Relationship
I (23f) am too shy to tell this guy (24m) that I like him because I'm not sure hes interested (6months)
DOES HE DESERVE BETTER? ARE WE TOO FAR GONE? CAN I FIX IT?
It was his (M29) quarantine birthday today, I (F29) surprised him, he brushed me off... I'm hurting
My girlfriend (21F) stole a get well soon letter that was addressed to me (22M) from my close friend (22F).
I (18M) tried but i can't just get over it. I've never felt that devastated and upset in my life.
Boyfriend has mental health issues and I don't know how to be a support
My (22f) partner (22m) is consistently late for bed, and it's affecting our sex life and my satisfaction in the relationship
My boyfriend has depression and I am not sure what to do.
Girl (19f) I’m (19m) seeing has asked to be exclusive but has mentioned a couple of times that I’m not her usual type. Will this impact my relationship with her?
Should I (16M) distance myself from my childhood bestfriend and forever crush(16M) now that he has a girlfriend?
I (34m) seem to only be attracted to women who are unkind to me.
My (22F) boyfriend (25m) is consistently late for bed
VERY URGENT. PLEASE HELP ME
Girl (F-19) I am (M-19) seeing has asked to be exclusive but has mentioned a couple of times that I’m not her usual type. Will this impact my relationship with her in the future/now?
VERY URGENT. PLEASE HELP ME
Question for girls.
SHOULD HE LEAVE ME FOR GOOD? ARE WE TOO FAR GONE
Girl I’m seeing has asked to be exclusive but has mentioned a couple of times that I’m not her usual type. Will this impact my relationship with her??
VERY URGENT
I (23f) am unreasonably upset about my boyfriend (26m) telling me he used to be attracted to his sister
Talkative over text, nervous over phone.
My boyfriend shuts me out
I (20M) can't find a way to tell my gf (20F) that she needs to really clean up after herself.
Silly Goal
She (23F) does not know how she feels about me (27M) anymore. ( Long Distance )
My (F/22) Bfs (M/23) relationship with his female cousins is very weird to me.
My [21M] GF [22F] is moving across the country in 3 months after we graduate college
My boyfriend doesn’t care about me as much as I care about him.
The affair just kicked me again
Is infatuation a bad thing? A novel.
Is this cheating / what do I do
My negativity is beginning to affect how I interact with my girlfriend.
My ex (20M) reached out to me after two months no contact and I (19F) realized I’m not over him. Would it be worth it to try to get us back together?
My negativity is affecting how I interact with my girlfriend.
Why won't my boyfriend (26) won't have sex with me (24)?
My negativity is beginning to spiral.
Abusive parent (57F) reaching out to me (24F)
My gf and I had a conversation last night that has left me confused and don't know what to do
I [31M] asked my fiance [28F] of 5 years to move out of our apartment due to the coronavirus, going well - but finding less things to do together.
My Boyfriend (26) doesn't want to have sex with me (24) all of a sudden
im worried that i(17) will push away my (18)boyfriend because of my anxiety.
Turns out the girl I've been talking to online is 16
(19F) The guy I am dating (23M) makes me feel so self conscious. How can I communicate effectively to fix this?
She (23F) doesn’t know how she feels about me (27M) anymore (Long distance)
(19F) The guy I am dating (23M) makes me feel so self conscious. How can I communicate effectively to fix this?
Is this cheating?
Ex-Boyfriend [23M] and I [23F] Keep Sexting
I’m at a crossroad with my current relationship. (23F and 26M)
I thought I had a keeper
Financial disagreements .. need feedback
My boyfriend has stopped caring, and I don’t think I can do any more to make him care.
I’m so stuck.
Update/more advice about dealing with a crush on my (22F) coworker (20sM)
Boyfriend (26M) messed up. What would you do?
im genuinely worried my insecurities and anxiety will drive my boyfriend away.
Can mushy words truly mean nothing?
Boyfriend (26M) messed up. What would you do?
My (20sF) grandpa (80s) is going to die, but is non responsive
How do you date people without becoming a sociopath?
I've [19F] been turned on by most of my friends for rejecting this guy [19M], what do I do?
My (20sF) grandpa (80s) is going to die, but is non responsive
She (23F) says she doesn’t feel the same and broke it off with me (27M)
My (19 M) new stepson (22 M) won't respect my authority in the house and it causing conflicts with my lovely new wife (44 F)
I've [19F] been turned on by most of my friends for rejecting this guy [19M], what do I do?
Is The Other Woman Telling The Truth?
I (29 M) dated someone (25 F) and she kept talking about her ex
Best Part Time Extra Income From Home
My boyfriend [23M] was trying to get someone else pregnant while with me [22F] , text shows proof
AITA for wanting to break up with my mentally unstable boyfriend?
Is there anything else I can do?
Perfect except
Girlfriend depressed and walled off because of Covid-19
It’s the worst advice
Long Distance (7months)
Should I 23M have been flirtatious towards her 24F over a group video conference?
I [28F] have a lot of resentment towards my single mother [65F] and I can't help myself from being mean, although she doesn't do anything wrong
I (F19) am frustrated with my boyfriend (M25) - looking for advice
theyve forgiven me, but i dont know how to forgive myself.
theyve forgiven me, but i dont know how to forgive myself.
Am I being unreasonable?
What could this mean?
I’m at a crossroad in my relationship. (23F) and (26M)
Ended our engagement
I’m at a crossroad in my current relationship.
Just Broke Up With My Boyfriend
Ex(26M) and I(25M) broke up, kept in contact, but I only want a friendship
Am I being unreasonable?
Scared to shoot my shot
Scared to shoot my shot
Scared to shoot my shot
I (23f) can’t talk to my parents (50s m/f) as much as they want me to
Let’s solve a debate between me and my BF!
Gf (23f) wants me (25m) to cut out my friends
I (23F) am unreasonably torn up about my boyfriend (26M) telling me that he used to be attracted to his sister
I [M/20] want to know how to initiate phone sex when it feels awkward?
Me & my GF do the same things?
When I (14M) was 8, I raped my cousin, who was 5 at that time.
she(30) kissesd me (f 25) and is avoiding the issues.
New relationship and covid restrictions
My Fiance came out on FB
she kissed me, now she’s avoiding the issue.
Is my (23F) boss (40M) into me?
I feel bad for being insecure.
Family over wife
Ex(26M) and I(25M) broke up, kept in contact, kept hooking up, but I a want a friendship
Gf(23f) wants me(25m) to cut out my friends
I feel bad on being insecure.
Starting to feel hopeless
I am (19F) finding that I am feeling 'second' to my boyfriend (18M) as it shows he doesn't prioritise me.
My girlfriend (18F) and I (19F) are too stupid to fix our relationship
Trust and honesty... opinions wanted
SO ex-wife is invited by his mother to their annual holiday abroad. How can I embrace it, instead of just being jealous about it?
A scenario... opinions requested
I'm [20F] going to dump my boyfriend [23M] because he is not a virgin.
My (19F) girlfriend (18F) and I are too stupid to fix our relationship
I am a Dumbass & fell for a friend with a BF, now I get regularly anxious about the friendship failing when it really probably isn't
(25m) Could it be a good idea to get back with an ex of 3 years (25F)?
I asked my friend: “you good?” Because I got home from work walked through the door and said “hey!” And she didn’t say anything. Now there’s an awkward silence.
My Fiance made a post on FB about being Bi.
I'm [20F] gonna dump my boyfriend [23M] because he is not a virgin.
I asked my friend: “you good?” Because I got home from work walked through the door and said “hey!” And she didn’t say anything. Now there’s an awkward silence. I need advice...
Fell for a friend, now am anxious about the friendship failing
I hate hearing parents in law have.. well
I [24F] asked out my dad’s employee [18M] on a date and I am confused on how he responded?g
Family over wife
Am I in the wrong for keeping son away from his father because of possible COVID-19 exposure
Wife(38) being a germophobe in times of coronavirus is driving me crazy
What am I doing?
New Subreddit for Self Improvement
I think I [26 F] Ruined My Friendship with My Friend [26 M]
I (23F) am unreasonably torn up about my boyfriend (26M) telling me that he used to be attracted to his sister
I [30M] have very strong feelings for my wife's [30F] sister [28F]. I need them to go away
Should I [21M] throw caution to the wind and ask this girl out [20f]
I (23F) am unreasonably torn up/paranoid about my boyfriend (26M) confiding in me that he was once attracted to his sister
I do not love my girlfriend, but feel like I can't leave her.
Me (20 F) and my bf (20M) broke up recently and I don’t know if us staying in contact is a good idea.
I (26m) have started dating a single mother (32) and am curious what advice ya'll have?
[23/f] A friend (20/m) and i had a pretty odd conversation. He said something weird, but i don't know what he meant by it.
I (21F) am stuck in quarantine alone and my Husband (21M) of 2 years wants to leave me
Your thoughts about dating a girl who just got out of a long term relationship
Divided on contacting my ex again
I (29M) have lost attraction for my gf (27F) due to relationship stress. Is this normal or is there something I am missing?
My boyfriend (26m) told me (21f) that the only ring I’m getting from him is ringworm... should I dump him?
I feel used but also lost need help
Controlling girlfriend, help
(20M) My girlfriend (20F) of almost two years broke up with me because she wasn’t mentally there
Why is my ex (F30) so ignorant to me (M39)?
HELP roommates (late 20s) insisting on illegal guests during stay at home order I have lung issues :(
Advice for 23M that has been away from dating for almost 2 years
My ex is ignorant for no reason, really want to know why
Coronavirus disagreements with SO: anyone else?
Coronavirus: disagreements with significant other?
Guy (25m) from homeless shelter is stalking me (22F)
How can i break up with someone when in quarentine?
(20M) My girlfriend (20F) of almost two years broke up with me because she wasn’t mentally there
I (19F) am a childhood sexual abuse survivor, which impacts my willingness to be sexually active with my boyfriend (19M). How do I talk to him about it?
How to contact FWB/ex after years?
Relationship quote (32, Male)
I [F18] am the reason my boyfriend [M19] is sexually frustrated.
How to deal with an entitled sister?
I [35 M] declined my old friend's [35 M] wedding invitation, now he's pissed (Update)
RelationshipQuestion
I (23f) can’t get in contact with my bf (40m)
How do I tell my best friend that I don’t want to see her after she visits her long distance boyfriend?
I [F18] am the reason my boyfriend [M19] is sexually frustrated.
My (24/F) boss (35?/F) was laid off. I was not. It's causing issues.
The guy [24M] I'm [22F] dating has had his work effected by the lockdown - what can I do?
My [19F] dad died in November and I haven't felt happy since. Is there anything I can do to help myself?
I constantly fantasize about us having sex
I (23F) can’t get a hold of my bf (40m)
My [19F] dad died in November and I haven't felt happy since. Is there anything I can do to help myself?
I (15M) feel like my relationship with my girlfriend (16F) isn’t working out, I don’t know what to do...
My [M 23] girlfriend [F 22] has an avoidant attachment style, how do lessen the amount of conflicts that we have?
My [M 23] girlfriend [F 22] has an avoidant attachment style, how do lessen the amount of conflicts that we have?
I [M18] will be going on my first ever date soon after lockdown ends, any tips? I'm a total newbie. :)
Me (22F) distancing myself from my brother's (27M) fiancée (27F). Am I wrong?
I don’t know what to do...
She ignores me but laughs at my jokes
Out of my(26f) league boyfriend(32m) wants to move in with me and i don’t think it’s a good idea
Me (22F) distancing myself from my brother's (27M) fiancée (27F). Am I wrong?
How do we help my sister?
I (22F) need some advice regarding the spark fading with my boyfriend(25M)
How do we help my sister?
Boyfriend didn't send anything for 6 month anniversary
How to deal with an entitled sister?
I don’t get the Love or Effort I like.
How do we help my sister?
I (22F) don't know how to feel about my relationship with my boyfriend (25M) anymore
My Husband (20M) restricts the money I get from family (19F). Is this abusive?
Gf (20f) doesn’t believe me (23m) about an old female friend
How Do I Forgive Myself After A Failed Relationship? (M/23, F21)
5 months left on the lease, and my (33F) roommate (39F) won't follow shelter-at-home orders
Dealing with a Breakup
Six months left on the lease and my roommate just said she won't comply with shelter-at-home orders. At a loss. Please advise
u/angry_issues_gf 's story from my PoV
I [25F] can't stop comparing myself to my boyfriend's [25M] ex and feeling like I'm living in her shadow... How do I get over it?
Should I give him space and not reply at all?
Help?! Addicted to porn?
How can I (28/f) be more open emotionally and physically in my new relationship (28/m) after trauma?
I (17M) am so confused about a "friend"
I don’t get the love or effort I like.
I (17M) am so confused about a friend
very confused
my (20f) boyfriend (21m) is basically calling someone else “honey” and i don’t know how to confront him
Why do some people loose interest in others so quickly?
I (30F) feel like my bf (28M) doesn’t react to things in a normal way and it’s beginning to weigh down on me.
Living situation conflict with my 32 y/o M best friend/roommate over my current 31 F girlfriend
My (F22) mom (F57) said my abuse is my problem, and I don’t know how to cope.
I (20F) am locked up with my crush (21F)...who thinks I'm straight
I [25F] can't stop comparing myself to my boyfriend's [25M] ex and feeling like I'm living in her shadow... How do I get over it?
Broke up with my gf 1 year ago. She just turned singel again
I (20F) am locked up with my crush (21F)...who thinks I'm straight
I (30F) feel like my bf (28M) doesn’t react to things in a normal way and it’s beginning to weigh down on me.
My (20F) best friend (19F) of over ten years is co-dependent on her boyfriend who have been together for a year.
Advice: Having girlfriend and cat stay for an extended period of time during Covid quarantine
How to maintain a relationship in separate isolation
Casual teenager problem
What do you do if you don’t have proper closure with someone?
I want to share you my story
Little to no physical attraction?
Hi I don’t know how to tell my mom that I 16)M) am “talking” to a childhood friend 16(F) who moved 6 hours away
I’m (26M) not sure if I should marry my GF (25F) of 2 years due to incompatibility issues.
Am I a f (27) being settled for by my fiancé m (32)?
I just wanna tell you my story
Is Love A Feeling Or A Choice? Why Do We Think So?
One of my coworkers [38F] just won’t stop gossiping about me [32M] in a negative light and I cannot stop her. What Can I do?
Little to no physical attraction?
Is he (20, M) cheating or am I tripping (19, F)?
I (21m) Broke up with my first love (21f)
I just wanna tell you my story
My [28F] girlfriend's anxiety is driving me[29m] insane
advice needed
Blocked my wife from Facebook
Should I (M24) bring women over to my parents house where I’m currently staying?
My boyfriend (24M) and I (22F) aren’t together during quarantine, we haven’t seen each other in weeks, and he isn’t nearly as attentive as he used to be. We are having trouble communicating.
I [30M] texted my ex [28F] during quarantine but it's hurting me all over again
What do you do if you don’t have proper closure with someone?
I am dating a man and we're in love - but he is in a relationship with his boss and thinks he cannot break up with her
I just want to share my story
Mother told close friend about break up?
(27F) My (now ex) (30F) girlfriend broke up with me on Friday and I'm struggling.
Name calling.
My (M37) friend (F38) got married two weeks ago. She has been flirting with me extra hard since she got married.
Mom told friends about break-up before me
Is he (20, M) cheating or am I tripping (19, F)?
My [32F] bf [31M] invited me to his house without telling me his roommates and him were having a get together, amidst a 2-week quarantine...idk how I feel about him now.
Commitment issues ? or something else ? F24 M19
Is he (20, M) cheating or am I tripping (19, F)?
My(25M) ex(24M) broke up with me, now I want him to move on.
I (F15) am out of a relationship with my now ex (M15) because I was lonely and I wanted to be friends with the one person he hates..
Pregnant and insecure about porn
How do I handle false accusations?
I want to leave my fiance but don't want her to be broke
I [29F] Want My SO [26M] to Notice Me.
Should I stay, or should I go?
Ex girlfriend
Should I (19M) be worried that my girlfriend (21F) has been very distant since pandemic started?
I (F15) got out of a relationship last night with my boyfriend (M15) and I don’t know how to feel. I feel like everything is my fault
Distance and Closeness
I (28M) said this to my gf of over a year (26F) and then she broke up with me. Should I get back with her?
Should I (19M) be worried that my girlfriend (21F) has been very distant since the pandemic started?
Am I (F21) too needy or are my needs not being met by my SO (M22)?
Do I really want to be here?
Hygiene
I (28M) said this to my gf of over a year (26F) and then she broke up with me. Should I get back with her?
I (19F) messed up by asking him (19M) what his intentions were too early on and he interpreted it as trying to put a label on something too soon, and shut the whole thing down. How can I fix this?
Just published my first relationship advice piece... about BDSM [M49 married]
What do you do if you don’t have proper closure with someone?
Pregnant and insecure about porn
I don't know how to handle his suspicions
[NSFW] Am I (m23) addicted to sex?
Relationship quote on Instagram by @lovintelapp
I’m a over thinker trying to curb my insecurities
Me [20 M] with my BF [20 M] for a year, am worried about his procrastination.
What I've Learned About "True Love" [MF]
Is anyone else dealing with an intense yearning for their BF/GF during this lockdown?
What I've Learned About "True Love" [MF]
After being together for 10 years, My wife and I (32 M&F) got married. Fast Forward 8 months and our intimacy has not improved.
I [35M] am not sure, if there is still hope for me and my wife [35F]
Pregnant and insecure about porn
Why does some people loose Interest in others so fast?
Present for anniversary????
Virginia quarantine
I (f21) keep having dreams about my bf(m25) cheating on me. Would I be crazy if I ask him to give me his phone
Hygiene
My boyfriend (21M) of 1.5 years treats me (22F) like I have the plague after running essential errands. Are my hurt feelings justified?
Need advice!!!!! I (31F) am talking to a guy (30M) online and he might be into me!
I (23M) suddenly I start thinking about reaching girl(21F) witch I was dating 3 month ago
My [33TF] ex-partner [35F] is moving out. What's a good housewarming gift for her new place?
My boyfriend (21M) of 1.5 years acts like I (22F) have the plague after returning from running essential errands, are my feelings justified?
I tell my boyfriend that he's beautiful so he loves himself more
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) told me if we broke up he would get back together with his ex.
My (21M) boyfriend acts like I (22F) have the plague every time I come back from running essential errands
Should I (20, M) tell my crush (18, F) that I like them over this quarantine period?
My (18F) self-pity is making my bf (18M) of 7 months self-pity
Boyfriend acts like I have the plague whenever I leave the house for necessities
Should I text my ex to check up on him if he's sick?
Has my boyfriend [M19] lost interest in me [F19]?
Is it wrong to be in a relationship like this?
My [33TF] ex-partner [35F] is moving out. What's a good housewarming gift for her new place?
Husband (M26) confessed that he masturbated to a girl who he use to know 10 years ago
I (27 F) didn't want my bf's (29 M) sisters (33F, 20F) to come over to visit our new puppy because of Covid-19. Am I in the wrong?
Relationship over,what next?
Is my sister abusive to me and others?
21M having a hard time with is genitals
Need serious helping getting a gift for our second anniversary [m25] [f24]
Is my sister abusive to me and others?
Does my boyfriend love me anymore?
Gift ideas for 2nd anniversary. M25 F24
When it rains, it pours. Breakup edition.
I(13M) am feeling a disconnect from my much older siblings(25F/27F)
Is it wrong to be in a relationship like this?
Curious
I ended a 10+ year long ldr and I'm not sure it was the right thing to do
Who is actually social distancing themselves from their boyfriend or girlfriend?
I (F23) just found my boyfriend (M25) cheated on me twice in one month...
I ended a 10+ year ldr and I'm not sure if it was the right choice
I (F23) just found my boyfriend (M25) cheated on me twice in one month
Anniversary Planning
I want to emigrate, she does not.
Recent Ex-Boyfriend [23M] and I [23F] Sexting After Breakup
My Mom (56F) has no motivation or productivity and I (24M) can't find a way to accept things as they are.
[23F] (me) & [50M] relationship. Do you think it's too unusual and weird?
Ex Boyfriend [23M] and I [23F] Keep Sexting After Breakup
My self-pity is making my boyfriend self-pity
I [35M] am not sure, if there is still hope for me and my wife [35F]
Sleeping with someone who lives with their ex? Is this cheating?
How can I [F25] talk to younger sister [19] about her constant negativity?
Is my boyfriend losing interest in me?
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] keeps having meltdowns about his last relationship
My [24F] boyfriend [24M] keeps having meltdowns about his last relationship
He Won't Let Me End The Relationship Right, What Do I Do? (M/23, F/21)
23F (Me) & 50M relationship. Do you think it could work, have you seen relationships like that?
My Mom (56F) has absolutely no productivity or motivation and I (24M) am unwilling to accept it.
I keep telling myself it's for the best
Me and my girlfriend broke up on our anniversary
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) said he would consider getting back with his ex if we were to break up.
Help! My (23f) boyfriend’s (24m) negative energy is affecting me big time.
So I asked this girl(M23) I liked a question. She then blocked me(F45)
Sleeping with someone who still lives with their ex? Is that cheating?
I am an unaffectionate person
Help! My (23f) boyfriend’s (24m) negative energy affects me big time. Anyone else?
So I asked this girl I liked a question. She blocked me.
I know guys are allowed to have friends but...
Feeling guilty about how things ended with my ex
I’m a very unaffectionate person
Is it weird that my (22F) bf (25M) of 1.5 years still has some emotions tied to his ex?
Torn between concern for my friend in a bad relationship and anger at her betrayal of my trust - help!
I [M19] love her [F19] but am so angry at her for so long
Torn between concern for my friend in a bad relationship, and anger over her betrayal of my trust - help!
Torn between concern for my friend's wellbeing in a bad relationship, and anger at her betrayal of my trust - help!
Is getting closer to an old flame a consequence of Covid-19?
I [M19] love her [F19] but am so angry at her for so long.
advice with dealing with a manipulative, dishonest bully neighbour ?
Feeling guilty about how I ended things with my ex
I (18F) question all the time if my boyfriend (22M) truly loves me. I am upset that he doesn’t give me the amount of attention/affection I would like.
22(M) I'm not sure what happening to my 22(F) realtionship.
My (23F) bf’s (23M) “hookup” (23F) reached out wanting to get back together
I (21/F) suspect something is going with my sister (14/F) and her new Half Brother (17/M)
I (21m) want to end my relationship and engagement with my fiancée (21f)
22 (M) I'm not sure if it me. Or I'm just unhappy with my 21(F) relationship.
I ( 20F) fell in love with Male (34M) 14 years older
I [22M] ruin my relationship with almost everyone for being stupid or careless during conversation.
I(F 20) in love with Male 14 years older
What is the strangest sex request you received from your partner
Is 9 years too big an age gap?
Tell me I’m an idiot for staying with my cheating girlfriend
Breeding machine - loves addict. F21
My [27M] girlfriend [27] of 10 months didn't get me anything for valentine's day and now my birthday. Is this something to be concerned about?
How do I keep my BPD from interfering with my love life?
What do I do about a girl who likes my boyfriend?
Is 9 years too big an age gap?
Is COVID fear making him more serious about me?
I (19F) am going on vacation with some of my friends, girls AND guys, and my boyfriend (20F) is not okay with that...
Is COVID making him feel more serious about me?
Is this normal? My girlfriend (26F) constantly dictating and setting rules to our relationship.
Ex boyfriend saw post my bf made for Valentine’s Day and is heartbroken. I want to reach out to them but I don’t know if it might just hurt him more.
Long relationship over..suggestions?
I need answers
My girlfriend [23F] got really mad at me for commenting on my long time ex's nature photo [24M]
Quarantine: Is it better to be Alone or be with Someone ( In a Relationship) ?
How to get over the awkwardness of my (M/20) girlfriend (F/20) sleeping with my best friend (M/19) in the past ?
My sister doesn’t like my boyfriend
Ex Girlfriend
i [20f] broke up with my bf [20m] and am unsure if it was the right decision
Should I (34F) Break-Up With My BF (39M) Because of He Does Not Like To Drive?
Friendship with the opposite gender
Tell me I’m an idiot for staying with my cheating girlfriend
Should I (M29) ask a woman (F26) out again if she turned me down before?
I (21M) want to end my relationship and engagement with my fiancée (21F)
Is she no longer interested and afraid to tell me?
She (22) has moved on from me (23) after she liked me for 3 years but I didn't like her back
I (33f) have a crush on a married colleague (45m) that has been helping my marriage. It is fading because of no contact. Now what?
I need some clarity please. My sister vs. my boyfriend
I (26m) am becoming pessimistic about my future with my (26f) partner
Ex Girlfriend
I’m (26M) not sure if I should marry my GF (25F) of 2 years due to incompatibility issues.
My (17m) first girlfriend (25f) rubbing her scent on me before I leave to go anywhere.
I (26M) am becoming pessimistic about my future with my (26F) partner
Can you help me?
should I (28F) ask my boyfriend (27M) to pay for utilities when we quarantine together?
I don't know where to draw the line if it's worth it or not. HELP
Am I bisexual?
Leaving spouse's whatsapp friends group
husband (M27 )masturbating to people he once knew
How do I develop a good relationship with my previously abusive, differently-abled older brother, now that I understand what my parents did to him?
I think I’m just one of the girls and getting played lol?
How can I F(25) talk to my boyfriend (27) about how he would rather masturbate than have sex?
How do I (27F) make it work with my SO (31M) who doesn't believe in future planning or financial stability
How to tell you’re being played?
My (20m) friends are taking the side of my abuser (25f) and I don't know what to do
When to say "I love you"?
My (21F) boyfriend (26M) and I can’t have sex every day and he’s upset and I feel guilty despite not being able to control it.
My GF (18f) is adopted and being forced to join the military.
I (20f) have a potentially destructive crush for my flat mate (21f)
My (21F) boyfriend (26M) and I can’t have sex every day and I feel guilty even though I can’t control it.
How do I stop being jealous?
How do I stop being jealous?
My (25m) girlfriend (20F)s parents keep trying to have her come "visit" California during this Covid-19 crisis and I feel like she will be kept there as the state will probably be in lockdown soon.
I (20 M) have ruined every relationship I've been in due to bordom
My (23M) girlfriend (24W) creates fake scenarios in her head of me cheating on her.
Qaurantine Diaries Lol
I (22F) am not sure if I should go to new potential guy’s (24M) apartment for a first date.
Needing advice on a fight between me (29F) and husband (37M)
not “in love” with my 27 y.o. baby daddy anymore, after 4 years of him hurting me. Lost and don’t know what to do anymore, I don’t want to separate him and our 2 y.o daughter.
I have NO URGE to poo when my bf is around
I (27F) feel guilty for being a toxic partner to my (30M) in the beginning of the relationship
I’m a very unaffectionate girlfriend.
Needing advice on a fight between me (29F) and husband (37M)
(23M) My girlfriend (25W) creates fake scenarios in her head of me cheating on her.
My friend doesn't talk to me unless I message her first. Should I be concerned?
My friend doesn't talk to me unless I message her first. Should I be concerned?
He has a girlfriend
Should I conform to the new “talking stage”?
(M20) My Girlfriend (F19) lied to me in beginning of relationship of stupid things because she was afraid of my reaction and to scare me away. What should I do I love this girl.
not “in love” with my 27 y.o. baby daddy anymore. Help
The new “Talking stage”
The new “Talking stage”
Boyfriend (23M) of almost 5 years had a fling with his professor (late 30sF) and now she won't leave him alone
What are the rules of new relationship birthdays?
Is it okay to ghost someone I barely know, with who I had a short and toxic relationship 7 years ago
[20F] My [20M] boyfriend found Polaroid of toxic ex and burned it but took a picture of it first and saved it.
My [22F] boyfriend [23M] begged for me back only to continue to talk to his rebound
My [24F] fiancé [24M] is paying for our entire wedding and his family is being absolute asshole about everything.
(20F) My boyfriend burned picture of toxic ex but took a picture of it first and saved it to his phone.
I’m too needy
BF has 10 years worth of nude photos of his exes saved on his computer/phone/iCloud [29F, 39M]
How do I get my boyfriend to start using soap in the shower??
LDR breakup, he moved on quick. Is there any way to get him back? (M/23, F/23
Do I owe explanations to the 33yrs old guy I dated when I was 18 that I'm ghosting now
How do I get my boyfriend to start using soap in the shower?
I (26M) love my partner (26F) but am craving casual sex
I'm (F28) not sure how to deal with jealousy over handsome bf getting female attention, advice appreciated!
I (F 18) feel guilty for having sex with my boyfriend (M 23)
F(19) I am not sure how to be normal again
I (26M) love my partner (26F) but am craving casual- sex
F(19) I don't know how to be normal again
I (F 18) feel guilty for having sex with my boyfriend (M 23)
Am I [21F] just a bootycall/sex object to him [21M]?
I (27m) want to get back on track with her (25f)
How to help my (M21) girlfriend (F19) and me during social distancing
Back home because of COVID-19, I (25F) have noticed clear signs of depression in my ageing immigrant father (53M) and it's breaking my heart for not knowing how to help.
Am I [21F] just a bootycall/sex object to him [21M]?
How to help my (M21) girlfriend (F19) and me during social distancing
Back home because of COVID-19, I (25F) have noticed clear signs of depression in my ageing immigrant father (53M) and it's breaking my heart for not knowing how to help.
Gf is using my money without asking me
Sex makes me feel gross and less emotionally connected to my girlfriend
Sex makes me feel gross and less emotionally connected to my girlfriend
(23M) My Girlfriend told me other people are more engaging to talk to.
Much needed advice needed on potential marriage situation! Please read fully before advising (Thanks in advance)
My (20F) friend’s (22F) boyfriend (22?M) is going to be leaving for 6-9 months on army duty. How can I support her?
Feel like my(25F) GF’s(24F) anger towards me is misplaced.
Should I (32M) leave my stubborn gaslighting husband (34M) and go back to my home country
Depressed husband says he feels nothing. And that he wants to live me but he just doesn't feel like he does right now. I don't know what to do.
My gf (15) forgot our 4 months ( I’m (14))
Girls what do you think?/Guys how would you react?
I CANNOT poop with my boyfriend at home
What happens when people lose attraction?
I need help Girls what do you think about it?/guys how would you react?
messed up family situation
I (25M) have realised that I'm not in love with my (22F) girlfriend.
I [F26] sometimes want to break up with my boyfriend [M26] and be single because I feel our desired futures do not match. Can you help me?
My [26f] close friend [27m] is ignoring me again. Wondering if I should cut losses?
can someone make a relationship label guide
Need Advice on relationship. GF (21) and I am 25 broke up with me for no reason
I (F26) sometimes dreams of being single, even though I love my bf (M26). Why?
My [26f] close friend [27m] is ignoring me again, should I cut my losses?
Was it wrong for me [24M] to ask my girlfriend [22F] to remove her socks during tickle fights?
My (33F) partner (60M) is upset that I don't trust him yet after his failed attempt to get back with his ex
My (31F) sister (20F) will not grow up
Need relationship advice because my girlfriend (F)21 and I (M)25 broke up
Relationship advice
Need Help Please!
Why are guys so HORNY
COVID-19 - Partner (30/F) is becoming very demanding/restrictive toward me (31/F)
Is he faithful?
Why do I dream of being single?
PTSD & UK lockdown not going well
PTSD & UK lock down not mixing well
We broke up, he says he loves me and wants me, but doesn't know if relationship is right for him. Help please?
PTSD & UK lock in not mixing
Long post, but I need some advice and help, I feel terrible today and feel like I should be taking all the blame for our (m20, f21) issues, even though people are telling me I was emotionally abused
Long post, but I need some advice and help, I feel terrible today and feel like I should be taking all the blame for our (m20, f21) issues, even though people are telling me I was emotionally abused
Does this guy (30M) want to be in a relationship with me (31F)?
Do I confront him?
My [f/23] ex [m/23] still checks my social media years after a nasty breakup and despre each of us being in a relationship
Advice please
[M24] boyfriend called me[F22] by ex’s name after sex
What is something you thought would be a deal breaker until you met your SO?
Should I (32M) leave my husband (34M) and go back to my home country
Should I stay with my boyfriend's family or go on my own to mine during this isolation period?
Do I love him more than he loves me?
For those who have been emotionally cheated on, how long did it take you to get passed it? (M/30 & F/37)
Do I love him more than he loves me?
How to build the best relationship you ever had
I(17M) Just got emotionally wrecked
I (22M) have a first date video chat tonight with (21F), need fun date ideas
Why are guys so HORNY
Video Chat First Date - Need Ideas - Sheltered in Place
How do I (21f) stop my neighbour (65?M) from being lonely and bored?
How to build the best relationship you ever had
I (M21) am in a weird place right now
Idk what to do 😭
My (25m) husband wants to have a threesome, including me (25f) I’m not okay with this idea since we just got married and thus is making me feel very confused, I don’t know if I turn him up anymore , thoughts?
For those who have been emotionally cheated on, how long did I take you to get passed it?
I (M 21) am in weird place right about now
I’m (F17) having a hard time connecting with my partners!
Ive been (f25) with my now husband (m25) for over 3 years and it makes me confused to know that he wants to do a threesome
I (20f) think my relationship with my boyfriend (24m) is not going to work out long-term because it seems we’re heading different directions
Help! I’m (F17) dont know why i can’t connect to guys i’m involved with
Married girl (F25) feeling so confused about (M25) asking for a threesome
Possibly losing my first love to cancer...
I (F 18) guilty for having sex with my boyfriend (M 23)
people are walking in naked while their partners play video games/work from home
(M23) still consused as to why my girlfriend (F22) broke up with me
I (19F) don’t know what to do.
Anyone’s girlfriend ever get mad for sending the wrong emoji?
My(22m) girlfriend's(24f) job is destroying her mentally
People who are opposed to/offended by PDA, why?
How do I decide which guy to invest my time and energy in for dating?
(M23) still confused 3 months later as to why my girlfriend (F22) broke up with me. (2 year relationship)
Have you ever contacted your ex after no contact and if you did, what was the reaction?
I (17F) feel helpless with my (19M) boyfriend...
Have you ever contacted your ex after no contact and if you did, what was the outcome?
Have you ever contacted your ex after no contact and if you did, what was the reaction?
Have you ever contacted your ex after no contact and if you did, what was the reaction?
(19M) Been having increasingly risky encounters with a distant Aunt (38F). What should I do?
Is she [F25] trying to pursue a friendship with me [M38]?
Why does being intimate with my boyfriend make me so uncomfortable
You are my sunshine
How do I decide which guy to invest my time and energy to date?
I phoned my grandparents and my grandfather said ‘We saw your movie.’ ‘Which one?’ I said. He shouted ‘Betty, what was the name of that movie I didn’t like?’ – Brad Pitt
I keep thinking about a LDR girl I broke up with
my [26F] husband's [36M] sexdrive is causing problems
Ending a relationship during covid-19 lockdown, need advice...
Ending a relationship during covid-19 lockdown, need advice...
Breaking up during lockdown
I [21F] and my gf [26F] started calling each other baby/babe
3 month relationship with 25M and my 26F libido has completely disappeared
My [23M] friendship with co-worker [20F] is borderline "more than friends" and she's not single - is it inappropriate to talk about it with her?
Breaking up during lockdown
Pet names
Why don't you (M 32) love me (f29)?
3 month relationship (26F, 25M) but I have lost my libido
My (21F) boyfriend (23M) admitted to having feelings for someone else
3 month relationship and I've lost my libido
How long can a marriage be sustained when one of the two people involved stops trying and the other person has to try even more to make up the difference from the lack of involvement by the other person?
I (F26) feel guilty for breaking up with my ex (M28) and our weird relationship is driving me crazy
My boyfriend (24) points out my (24f) flaws and now I'm stuck in another country. How do I get over this?
Letting go of what I never held.
Should I [M28] "I love you" on Whatsapp to her [F23]?
Mom (39F) & Stepdad (42M) mad at me for moving during COVID-19
Should I [M28] "I love you" on Whatsapp to her [F23]?
So i (24M) am a simp sometimes and i dont know what is wrong with that
I'm (18f) why does my (18m) like pictures of other girls in bikinis?
My boyfriend (23M) admitted to having feelings for someone else.
He (20/M) keep blocking/unblocking me. I (28/F) tried to be nice about it but couldn't. Need advice.
I'm (18f) why does my (18m) bf like pictures of other girls in bikinis?
Letting go of what I never held.
I (F25) am jealous/upset because my dog suddenly likes my husband (M30) more
Brain Glitches Post Break Up
I’m (F25) jealous because the dog suddenly likes my husband (M30) more.
The universe wants me to be alone! Vacation, car accident, and quarantine. Why can’t I just tell her how I feel!!!
Brain glitches
The universe wants me to be alone! Vacation, car accident, and quarantine. Why can’t I just tell her how I feel!!!
The universe wants me to be alone! Vacation, car accident, and quarantine. Why can’t I just tell her how I feel!!!
A guy (20M) I used to talk to unblocked me, said hi, then he blocked me again. Advice? AIAA?
I let him use me
The universe wants me to be alone! Vacation, car accident, and quarantine. Why can’t I just tell her how I feel!!!
[19F] How to get over extreme trust/commitment issues with men?
What did he want
The universe wants me to be alone! Vacation, car accident, and quarantine. Why can’t I just tell her how I feel!!!
The universe wants me to be alone! Vacation, car accident, and quarantine. Why can’t I just tell her how I feel!!!
I'm taking this extremely hard
The universe wants me to be alone! Vacation, car accident, and quarantine. Why can’t I just tell her how I feel!!!
My friend [M26] and I [M26] have opposite political views and it’s really staring to bother me lately. Can this friendship be salvaged?
Please help. I [24F] dont know if i am being unreasonable to my [23M] husband when he asks for oral sex.
when a man ignore your texts for 2 days because he needed alone time to himself, does it mean he is no longer interested in you?
♥♥AHHH IM SO HAPPY ♥♥
My friend [M26] and I [M26] have opposite political views and it’s really staring to bother me lately. Can this friendship be salvaged?
